
 
 
 
        

 
 
 

 



 

   

   

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

   

 Form
 10-K 

   

 (Mark
One) 

 ☒ 
Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

   

 For
the fiscal year ended  December 31 ,  2021   

 or 

 ☐ 
Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

   

    For
the transition period from __________________ to __________________   

   

 Commission
File Number :  000-56015 

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

   

     Delaware       82-4533053     (State or other jurisdiction   of incorporation)       (IRS Employer   Identification No.)   
   

 215
Depot Court SE ,  Suite 215 

 Leesburg ,
 VA   20175 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

   

 (703) 
 436-2121 

 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) 

   

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

   

     Title of each class       Trading Symbol(s)       Name of each exchange on which registered     Common Stock, par value $.0001       QUBT       The  Nasdaq  Capital Market   
   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐   No 
☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐   No 
☒  

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to submit and post such
files.  Yes  ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

   

     Large accelerated filer   ☐   Accelerated filer   ☐     Non-accelerated filer   ☒   Smaller reporting company   ☒         Emerging growth company   ☐   
   

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐  No  ☒ . 

   

 The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2021 was $ 117,443,633 
based on the closing price of $5.20 per share of Quantum Computing, Inc. common stock as quoted on the OTC Marketplace on that date. 

     

 As of March 11, 2022,
there were  29,156,815  shares of the registrant’s common stock issued and outstanding. 
   

 Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

 N/A 

   

   

 

   


 
       
       
     

   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

   

 
   
       
     PART I 
     1 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1. 
     BUSINESS. 
     1 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS. 
     12 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1B. 
     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
     26 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 2. 
     PROPERTIES. 
     27 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 3. 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
     27 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 4. 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     27 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     PART II 
     28 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 5. 
     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
     28 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 6. 
     RESERVED 
     28 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 7. 
     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 
     29 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 7A. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
     33 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 8. 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
     33 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9. 
     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
     33 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9A. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
     34 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9B. 
     OTHER INFORMATION. 
     36 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9C 
     DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
     36 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     PART III 
     37 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 10. 
     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
     37 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 11. 
     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
     45 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 12. 
     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
     48 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 13. 
     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
     51 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 14. 
     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
     52 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     PART IV 
     53 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 15. 
     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
     53 
   

   

 Introductory
Comments 

   

 Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company,” “our
Company,” “QCI” and “QUBT,” refer to Quantum Computing, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and unless the context
indicates otherwise, also includes our wholly-owned subsidiary. 


 
     i 
       
     

 

   

 PART
I 

   

 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

   

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“could,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,” “potential” and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. 

   

 These
forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements, expressed or implied, by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent
our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise required by law, we expressly
disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any
of our forward-looking statements are based. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future financial and other
results include those discussed in the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as those
discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

   

 ITEM
1. BUSINESS . 

   

 History 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. (“QCI” or the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001, as Ticketcart,
Inc. Ticketcart’s original business plan involved in the sale of ink-jet cartridges online. Ticketcart offered remanufactured and
compatible cartridges for Hewlett-Packard, Epson, Lexmark, and Canon inkjet printers. On July 25, 2007, Ticketcart, Inc. acquired Innovative
Beverage Group, Inc. and changed its name to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. (“IBGH”) to better reflect its business
operations at the time which was beverage distribution and product development. In 2013, IBGH ceased operations. On May 22, 2017, one
of IBGH’s shareholders, William Alessi (the “Plaintiff”), filed suit against the Company alleging “(1) fraud;
and (2) breach of fiduciary duties of care, loyalty and good faith to the Corporation’s shareholders.” Mr. Alessi’s
complaint alleged that the officers and directors of IBGH had abandoned it and allowed the Company’s assets to be wasted, causing
injury to the Company and its shareholders. Mr. Alessi sought damages of $30,000 for each claim, plus reimbursement of filing costs of
$1,000, and the appointment of a Receiver for the Company. 

   

 On
August 28, 2017, the North Carolina Court, Superior Court Division (the “North Carolina Court”), entered a default judgment
for Plaintiff and appointed an exclusive Receiver (the “Receiver”) over the Company. The default judgment provided that Innovative
Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. was (i) to issue to the Plaintiff 18,500,000 shares of free-trading stock without registration under Section
3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) issue 100,000,000 shares of stock to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s
treasury, and (iii) that the receivership be terminated upon any change of control, and that any and all claims against Innovative Beverage
Group Holdings, Inc. that were not submitted to the Receiver as of September 16, 2017, were disallowed. On October 4, 2017 the Receiver
filed Articles of Incorporation in North Carolina for Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
(“IBGH North Carolina”). On October 26, 2017, Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. redomiciled to North Carolina. 

   

 
     1 
       
     

 

   

 On
January 22, 2018, while the Company was in receivership, the Company (acting through the court-appointed receiver in her capacity as
CEO and sole Director of the Company) sold 500,000 shares (the “CRG Shares”) of its common stock to Convergent Risk Group
(“CRG”, or “Convergent Risk”), an entity owned and operated by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert
Liscouski, for $155,000. On February 21, 2018, by written consent of the majority shareholder (Convergent Risk), Mr. Robert Liscouski
(the Chief Executive Officer of Convergent Risk) and Mr. Christopher Roberts were elected as members of the Company’s Board of
Directors. Mr. Liscouski was simultaneously elected as Chairman of the Board. The majority shareholder also directed the Company to take
the necessary action to change its domicile from North Carolina to Delaware and change its name to Quantum Computing Inc. On February
21, 2018, the Company filed Articles of Conversion in North Carolina to convert the Company to a Delaware corporation with the name changed
to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 22, 2018, the Company filed a Certificate of Conversion in Delaware to convert to a Delaware corporation
with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. and re-domiciled to the state of Delaware on February 23, 2018. 

   

 The
Computing Landscape and The End of Moore’s Law 

   

 For
the past 45 years or so, silicon-based processor manufacturers have been able to double their processing power every 18 to 24 months,
a phenomenon known in the computer industry as “Moore’s Law.” Recently, the computer processor industry has found it
increasingly difficult to offer faster, more powerful processors due to fundamental physical effects limiting further size reduction
of transistors. 

   

 Quantum
computing is believed to be a potential solution to the hard limits now being approached by conventional computers that utilize silicon-based
processors. The date of practical relevance of quantum computers is hard to determine. We believe it could be as soon as 2021, but a
more conservative estimate is that quantum computers with gradually increasing performance will be introduced by multiple vendors over
the course of the next decade. 

   

 Additionally,
conventional computers are known to struggle with optimization problems known as  NP-complete  problems, which are a class
of mathematical problems that can, in principle, be solved by conventional computers, with that caveat that the time to solution will
grow exponentially with the size of the problem. These NP-complete problems require complex calculations, which cannot currently be performed
in any reasonable amount of time using conventional computer systems for problem sizes relevant to many industrial and government applications. 

   

 Research
suggests that quantum computers may be ideally suited to run optimization algorithms, where further advancements in quantum annealing
and other quantum computing hardware could result in computational benefit over currently used conventional systems. The ability to solve
NP-complete problems in a reasonable period of time is of particular interest in compute-heavy fields that include, but are not limited
to: big data, artificial intelligence, healthcare, and cybersecurity. We believe these are natural markets for quantum computing, due
to the immense compute power required to process large data sets, which have experienced exponential growth in size and complexity in
recent years. 

   

 
     2 
       
     

 

   

 Our
Company 

   

 The
Company is focused on providing software tools and applications for quantum computers. We believe there is significant business opportunity
in the quantum computing industry, and that the quantum computer has the potential to disrupt several global industries. Independent
of when quantum computing delivers compelling performance advantage over conventional computing, the software tools and applications
necessary for accelerating real-world problems must be developed to deliver on quantum computing’s full promise. 

   

 Quantum
computing is a fundamentally new paradigm compared with conventional silicon-based computing, requiring a new and highly technical set
of skills to create the software that will drive quantum results. Organizations seeking to gain advantage from the promise of quantum
technology must acquire and develop skills in quantum mechanics, mathematics and physics, and a deep knowledge of the ever-changing quantum
hardware. The pool of people with those skills today is limited and in high demand. 

   

 In
order to address the steep learning curve and highly particular skillset associated with quantum computing, the Company is developing
“quantum ready” software applications and solutions for commercial and government entities looking to leverage the expected
future performance of quantum computing. We are focused on being an enabler – creating software that provide the advantages of
advanced computing hardware for forward thinking clients. 

   

 By
reducing the barriers to adoption for commercial and government entities in using quantum computing technologies to solve their most
complex problems, we believe our products will accelerate quantum technology adoption similar to the adoption curve that has been witnessed
with artificial intelligence. To this end, we are leveraging our collective expertise in finance, computing, mathematics and physics
to develop a suite of applications that may enable global industries to utilize quantum computers, quantum annealers and digital simulators
to improve their processes, profitability, and security. 

   

 Our
Strategy 

   

 While
the majority of the quantum computing market is focused on Quantum Computing hardware, we realized the traditional software development
toolkit (“SDK”) approach to creating quantum computing software is poorly suited for non-quantum experts, given the completely
new programming paradigm. 

   

 
     3 
       
     

 

   

 This
represents a significant barrier to entry for companies looking to leverage novel quantum computing capabilities for their business needs.
Utilizing quantum computers for real-world problems requires an abstract blend of a wide range of computing and non-computing expertise,
including but not limited to: 

   

 
  ● Subject
                                            Matter Expertise (SME): As with any problem, the first step is for a business expert to rigorously
                                            define and describe what information and/or results the business requires. 

   

 
  ● Programming
                                            Excellence: In the conventional computing world, a programmer will take the problem defined
                                            by a SME (subject matter expert) and implement it using standardized applications to run
                                            on the computer. In quantum computing, programmers are required to explicitly program it
                                            for the quantum computer they have access to, requiring a deep understanding of sophisticated
                                            areas of expertise. 

   

 
  ● Mathematics:
                                            The problems that are attractive for being solved using quantum computers require significant
                                            mathematical expertise to a) optimize the data and problem for quantum computers, b) create
                                            the quantum-specific algorithms and formulas required to solve the problem, c) iterate upon
                                            the results in a way that optimizes the performance, cost and quality of result. Mathematics
                                            is at the core of the many steps involved in quantum computing for optimizing, compressing
                                            and applying algorithms to the data for obtaining truly optimal results. 

   

 
  ● Quantum
                                            Mechanics: Quantum computing demands deep knowledge of the principles driving the computing
                                            itself. Unlike conventional computers which utilize 0 or 1 bits, quantum computers utilize
                                            qubits, which leverage concepts of quantum mechanics such as probabilistic computation, superposition,
                                            and entanglement. Experts much understand these concepts to create the algorithms necessary
                                            to solve problems on a quantum computer. They must know how to “map” problems
                                            and their associated data into problems that are optimized in the specific way required for
                                            a quantum computer to accept and process the problem. 

   

 
  ● Quantum
                                            Hardware Knowledge: QPUs (Quantum Processing Units) require that programmers manage the configuration,
                                            actions, and overall operations of all the underlying circuits utilized in solving the problem.
                                            For example, the programming to configure and access QPUs is low level and extremely complicated.
                                            This coding is proprietary to each vendor’s QPU idiosyncratic requirements, not to
                                            mention, unique to the specific count and version of QPUs in the system, right now. When
                                            the system is expended or a QPU upgraded, all the code has to be rewritten. 

   

 Given
the dramatic differences in quantum computer hardware architectures currently under development, quantum software requires a dramatic
shift from classic software, and requires creating every single circuit, gate, algorithm, action and process in software. Moreover, the
collective requirements imposed upon companies looking to utilize quantum computers can require a training period of a year or longer,
even for a highly qualified subject matter expert. Consequently, the time, difficult and expense of hiring such a diverse and deeply
knowledgeable team to create quantum applications and workflows limits any organization’s ability to move forward quickly with
the power of quantum computing. 

   

 
     4 
       
     

 

   

 Such
difficulties have created a significant barrier to entry in quantum computing have informed the Company’s opportunities and goals,
which are to: 

   

 
 1) Deliver
                                            production-ready software that de-risk the shift to quantum computing; 

   

 
 2) Empower
                                            SMEs and programmers to access the power of quantum computing without the prerequisite quantum
                                            expertise; 

   

 
 3) Eliminate
                                            the vendor lock-in created by the low-level coding required for individual QPUs by allowing
                                            users to freely select the best QPU for their specific problem with no low-level coding or
                                            programming changes; 

   

 
 4) Deliver
                                            the best performance results (speed, quality and diversity) at the lowest cost for our users;
                                            and 

   

 
 5) Provide
                                            software and the required hardware in the cloud to make it simple and cost effective for
                                            organizations to begin leveraging quantum computing. 

   

 Products
and Products in Development 

   

 Qatalyst 

   

 Qatalyst
(formerly Mukai) is our answer to the current state of the quantum computing industry. As the industry’s first publicly available
Quantum Application Accelerator, Qatalyst enables developers to create and execute quantum-ready applications on conventional computers,
while being ready to run on quantum computers where those systems achieve performance advantage. Qatalyst performs the complex problem
transformations necessary to be executed on a variety of quantum platforms today, and users can call upon the same Qatalyst APIs (Application
Programming Interfaces) to achieve optimization performance advantages on conventional computers using our cloud-based solution. 

   

 Qatalyst
dramatically reduces the time-to-quality results and the associated costs for both conventional and quantum computers. Unlike more common
toolsets that require deep level quantum expertise to build new quantum problems and workflows, Qatalyst is not a tool kit, but a complete
platform. It accelerates performance and results on classic and quantum computers, with no additional quantum programming or quantum
computing expertise required. This is why it is unique in its approach to the quantum computing industry. Instead of invoking a team
of quantum specialists to transform an optimization problem, an SME or programmer submits their current problem via a software API to
the Qatalyst cloud-based platform. Qatalyst manages the workflow, optimizations, and results, without any further intervention by the
user. Qatalyst provides a unique advantage to reduce applications development risks and costs by eliminating the need for scarce high-end
quantum programmers. 

    

 Qatalyst
is integrated with the Amazon Cloud BRAKET API, offering access to multiple Quantum Processing Units (“QPUs”) including DWave,
Rigetti, and IonQ. Qatalyst also integrates directly with IBM’s QPUs. 

   

 
     5 
       
     

 

   

 By
using Qatalyst, application developers can run their applications on any or all of the available QPUs by merely selecting which QPU they
prefer to run on based on the desired performance results of the application. We believe this provides a substantial advantage over any
other toolkit or platform in the market today. These advantages are significant not just for application developers but for any company
that is considering using or exploring quantum computing technology for business applications. 

   

 Qatalyst
also eliminates the need for the low-level hardware programming expertise required by toolkits. This programming is time consuming and
must be updated constantly as QPUs evolve and change, resulting in significant development costs. Qatalyst automatically optimizes the
same problem submitted by a SME for multiple Quantum and Conventional Processors. The SME or programmer selects one, or many, processing
resources and the problem will be submitted by Qatalyst. This is an enormous advantage over any tool set in the market today. These advantages
are significant not just for application developers but for any company that is considering using or exploring quantum computing technology
for business applications. 

   

 The
Company’s innovative Qatalyst software masks the complexity of quantum programming via the Q API, a powerful six call API that
users can learn in a day. Instead of spending months or years developing new applications and workflows requiring complex and extremely
low-level coding, users, workflows or applications can immediately submit a problem to Qatalyst within a day, using the same familiar
constructs they use right now, via the Q API. Users have utilized Qatalyst’s simple API and familiar constructs to solve their
first complex problem within a week, as compared to the 6-12 months associated with quantum software toolkits. 

   

 Qatalyst
Features 

   

 Today,
SMEs can leverage the power of Qatalyst to solve high-value discrete optimization problems present in finance, bio/pharma, and cybersecurity.
Currently, Qatalyst offers the following features: 

   

 
  ● Quantum-ready
                                            engines tuned for complex computations. These engines automatically optimize, submit, and
                                            iterate to return excellent, diverse results for supply chain and other constrained optimization
                                            problems. 

   

 
  ● Transparent
                                            abstraction from quantum hardware variance. Qatalyst eliminates the need to write low-level,
                                            assembly-type code to support different vendors’ quantum hardware architectures, such
                                            as D-Wave, Rigetti, IBM and ION-Q. The same problem can run seamlessly across all quantum
                                            types and architectures. 

   

 
  ● Qatalyst
                                            Core: an engine that utilizes sophisticated mathematics, quantum transformation and iterative
                                            processing to find highly optimal answers across both classic and quantum computers. For
                                            example, LaGrange multipliers, which work to compress and simplify the problem prior to constraint
                                            optimization. The Core applies these advanced mathematical techniques, based on the type
                                            of problem and processing required. 

   

 

 
     6 
       
     

   

 

 
  ● Q
                                            Graph: a powerful transformation engine that empowers SMEs to submit and analyze graph models
                                            as part of their complex optimizations. Q Graph accepts familiar graph models and functions
                                            including Clique Cover, Community Detection and Partitioning. 

   

 
  ● Qontrol:
                                            a portal that provides administrative management tools for user administration, request control,
                                            statuses and alerts. Qontrol also enables system administrators and users to import Qatalyst
                                            results into popular analysis applications such as Excel or Tableau. 

   

 Market
Opportunity 

   

 It
is important to note that our product utilizes a software technique known as a “Solver” (qci-Qbsolv), which is a set of instructions
whose function is to calculate the minimum values of a large optimization problem, which is presented in the form of a quadratic unconstrained
binary optimization or “QUBO”. The Company’s Solvers deliver the the aforementioned performance advantages while running
on today’s conventional computers and will be able to deliver significantly improved performance as better QPU technology becomes
available. To that end, the Company is beginning to seek marketing and distribution partnerships where our current solver technologies
can be deployed to enable industry-specific application performance. 

   

 The
Company is also working on software products to address community detection to aid researchers in discovering correlations that may not
have been imagined. We believe that community detection holds significant promise in pharmaceutical applications such as evaluating client
trial outcomes, and in epidemiology to enable detection of common factors among a population. 

   

 In
addition to commercial markets, the Company is pursuing a number of US government funded opportunities. 

   

 The
US Government, through the National Quantum Initiative Act of 2018 (“NQIA”), which was signed into law on December 21, 2018,
established the goal  to ensure the continued leadership of the United States in quantum information
science and its technology applications. The NQIA provides for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development
for the economic and national security of the United States.  T he NQIA authorizes the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), the National Science Foundation (NSF), and the Department of Energy (DOE), to strengthen
QIS Programs, Centers, and Consortia. The NQIA also calls for a coordinated approach to QIS Research and Development (R&D) efforts
across the United States Government, including the civilian, defense, and intelligence sectors.  Significant government funding
has been allocated for research initiatives including a fiscal year 2020 Department of Energy initiative of $625 million over the next
five years to establish two to five multidisciplinary Quantum Information Science (QIS) Research Centers in support of the National Quantum
Initiative. The Quantum Economic Development Consortium (QED-C), a consortium of stakeholders that aims to enable and grow the U.S. quantum
industry. QED-C was established with support from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) as part of the Federal strategy
for advancing quantum information science. The Company is one of the founding members of the QED-C. 

   

 
     7 
       
     

 

   

 Technology
Provider Partnerships 

   

 The
Company is pursuing a number of commercial partnerships and research areas funded by the government that directly relate to its capabilities.
To strengthen its technology base, the Company has entered into teaming agreements with companies to partner on joint pursuit of those
opportunities or to offer services available through those partners. 

   

 Splunk
Technology Alliance Partnership Agreement 

   

 The
Company is pursuing a number of research areas funded by the government that directly relate to its capabilities. To strengthen its technology
base, the Company has entered into a Technology Alliance Partnership agreement with Splunk, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPLK). The Company is partnering
with Splunk to pursue government funded efforts to do both fundamental and applied research and develop analytics that exploit conventional
large-data cybersecurity stores and data-analytics workflows, combined with quantum-ready graph and constrained-optimization algorithms.
These algorithms will initially be developed using the Company’s Qatalyst software platform, which enables quantum-ready algorithms
to execute on conventional hardware and also to run without modification on QC hardware when ready. Once proofs of concept are completed,
the Company and Splunk will develop new analytics with these algorithms in the Splunk data-analytics platform, to evaluate quantum analytics
readiness on real-world data. The Splunk platform/toolkits help customers address challenging analytical problems via neural nets or
custom algorithms, extensible to Deep Learning frameworks through an open source approach that incorporates existing and custom libraries.
The initial efforts of our partnership with Splunk will focus on three key challenges; network security, dynamic logistics and scheduling. 

   

 Amazon
Web Services – BRAKET 

   

 Quantum
Computing is the first company with a quantum software development and execution platform to provide the widest selection of QCs via
the cloud, including those offered by IonQ, D-Wave, Rigetti, and others via Amazon Braket. Amazon Braket is a fully managed quantum computing
service that helps researchers and developers get started with the technology to accelerate research and discovery. Amazon Braket provides
a development environment for users to explore and build quantum algorithms, test them on quantum circuit simulators, and run them on
different quantum hardware technologies. Quantum Computing provides access to subject matter experts and applications developers to quantum
computers available on Amazon Braket via its Qatalyst software. The Company intends to expand the capabilities available through the
Amazon Braket service going forward, and also plans to provide access to additional quantum computers through Qatalyst over the next
several months. 

    

 QikStart 

   

 Management
believes that the development of real-world use cases, not just science projects, is critical to the forward momentum of quantum computing
as a practical tool. To that end, the Company has created an internally funded program called QikStart which provides access to Qatalyst
and cloud-based resources, experts, and funding to explore and push the boundaries of quantum computing for delivering practical business
results, today. 

   

 
     8 
       
     

 

   

 Industry
Overview 

   

 We operate in the large and global high-performance computing industry,
which is comprised of hardware, software, and services for compute intensive applications. The rapid adoption of technologies such as
artificial intelligence, 3D imaging, and the Internet of Things (IoT), have served to exponentially increase the generation of data, driving
up the demand for high-performance computing. Computationally intensive applications are ubiquitous across various industries, including,
but not limited to: IT, aerospace, healthcare, automotive, and e-commerce. Examples of compute intensive applications include optimization,
data management, analytics, and complex modeling. Estimates of the size of this industry vary, but according to Grand View Research, the
High-Performance computing market was valued at $39.1 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach a value of $53.6 billion by 2027. According
to a report from Allied Market Research, the global enterprise quantum computing market size was valued at $1.3 billion in 2020, and is
projected to reach $18.3 billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 29.7% from 2021 to 2030. 

   

 Quantum
Computing is a nascent and rapidly developing technology ecosystem that has shown promise in delivering potentially disruptive computing
capabilities. We believe Quantum Computing’s immense compute capabilities qualify it as a subset of High-Performance Computing.
As quantum computing hardware continues to advance, we expect a corresponding growth in demand for software capable of leveraging the
compute capabilities of Quantum Computing hardware. We are developing hardware agnostic software capable of delivering high-performance
computing capabilities to various industries while mitigating dependency risks that may emerge from a dominant quantum computing hardware
vendor. As an early participant in this rapidly growing ecosystem, we believe we are well-positioned to capture and drive a meaningful
amount of this category growth. We also believe there is a significant international market opportunity for our future products. 

   

 We
expect continued growth in the research and developing of the quantum computing industry, driven by interest from both the private and
public sectors. According to a report published by the Quantum Daily, “The Quantum Annual 2021” (https://thequantuminsider.com/reports)
a total of $3.2 billion was invested in quantum technology companies in 2021. In addition, the US Government has committed $1.3 billion
to funding quantum information science programs under the National Quantum Initiative enacted in 2018. 

   

 The
Company is a member of the Quantum Economic Development Consortium (QED-C). The QED-C, whose members include companies such as Google
and Microsoft, has been tasked with developing the U.S. Quantum Computing Industry. 

   

 Competition 

   

 The
Quantum Computing Industry is new and rapidly developing, and as such, is and will remain dynamic and extremely competitive for the foreseeable
future. As this industry continues to grow and mature, we expect a steady influx of new products, hardware advances, and new concepts
to emerge that can dramatically transform the industry and our business. One such example would be a practical application of “quantum
supremacy”, which we expect to radically accelerate the interest and entry in the quantum computing industry. We perform a broad
range of research and development efforts to identify and position for the changing demands of future customers and users, industry trends,
and competitive forces. 

   

 
     9 
       
     

 

   

 Based
on our internal research and knowledge, there are over 130 companies and research universities who are known to be engaged in research
and development relating to quantum computing. These entities range in size from diversified global companies with significant research
and development resources such as Google, Honeywell and IBM to smaller privately funded startups whose narrower product focuses may let
them be more effective in deploying resources towards a specific industry demand. Our business objectives and near term strategy put
us in direct competition with existing software vendors for high performance computing, who may not be operating in the quantum computing
ecosystem. 

   

 We
believe competition in this market segment will intensify. Many of our competitors may have longer operating histories, significantly
greater financial, technical, product development and marketing resources, and greater name recognition. Our competitors could use
these resources to market or develop products or services that are more effective or less costly than any or all of our products or services. 

   

 The
software segment of the quantum computing ecosystem is still in its infancy, and to our knowledge a market-dominant entity has not yet
been established. Due to the high price point of quantum computing hardware, novel business models may emerge to adapt to consumer preferences
in the high-performance computing industry. Our ability to evolve and adapt rapidly over an extended period of time will be critical
in remaining competitive. 

   

 Government
Regulation and Incentives 

   

 Financial
Algorithms 

   

 US
firms and FINRA members that use financial algorithms to conduct high frequency trading are subject to SEC and FINRA regulations that
govern their trading activities under long standing rules governing supervision and control practices to reduce the likelihood of market
disruptions and ensure effective communication between the firm’s compliance staff and its trading strategy personnel. Additional
regulation on financial algorithms has been proposed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) aimed at limiting
the potential for financial algorithms and high frequency trading to disrupt markets. The proposed regulations would require firms using
such algorithms to implement pre-trade risk controls, limit self-trading and make the source code of the software programs available
to the government upon request. To the Company’s knowledge, these regulations, especially the mandatory source code disclosure
provisions, have been vigorously opposed by the industry and have not yet been implemented. 

   

 The
government agencies charged with regulating financial markets in the US and around the world have so far not closely regulated financial
algorithms or algorithmic trading, but that could change in response to future market events. The benefit of algorithmic trading is that
it can bring greater liquidity, transparency and accountability to markets, and also reduces price variations between global markets.
Financial markets in many developing countries have benefited from implementation of algorithmic trading. There are, of course, limitations
to what financial algorithms can accomplish today with conventional super computers, and when multiple algorithms trade in lockstep a
single price fluctuation can trigger a cascade of downward trades that can crash a market very quickly, before human intervention can
stop the downward spiral. This phenomenon is known as a “Flash Crash” and regulators have imposed some regulations to slow
down or suspend trading when a market drops more than a fixed percentage in a short period of time. 

   

 
     10 
       
     

 

   

 Encryption 

   

 The
U.S. government has historically tightly regulated the export of cryptographic technologies under the Arms Export Control Act and the
associated International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) as a form of munition. The logic behind the export restrictions is that the
ability to secure information has great value to the military and intelligence agencies, and the US Government does not want those technologies
sold or distributed to foreign adversaries. These regulations were relaxed in 1996 by executive order, but restrictions are still in
place under the Export Administration Act that limit the export of some advanced encryption methods and technologies. Export of commercial
encryption products to certain designated countries and terrorist groups is restricted, as are exports of military quality encryption
technologies. Restrictions on encryption technology are in place in many other countries but the extent of regulation varies widely from
country to country. Domestically, encryption technology is largely unregulated but law enforcement, intelligence and investigative agencies
work closely with encryption technology developers to enable the US government to access encrypted data under certain conditions. We
believe that the quantum encryption and decryption products that QCI plans to develop can be marketed to government agencies seeking
to unlock encrypted data or to encrypt and protect sensitive government data from unauthorized exposure. 

   

 Incentives 

   

 In
2018, Congress authorized $1.3 billion over five years to fund quantum related research projects. This funding is being administered
by the U.S. Department of Defense which will solicit proposals for research. The Company intends to submit proposals for funding, but
there can be no guarantee the Company will be chosen or that the Company will receive any government funding. In addition, in 2018, President
Trump announced the formation of a National Quantum Initiative consisting of key technology companies working in the field of quantum
computing. The Company is a member of that Initiative and is also a member of the Quantum Economic Development Council. 

   

 In
December 2018, Congress passed the National Quantum Initiative Act (the “Quantum Act”), which was signed into law on December
21, 2018. The purpose of the Quantum Act is to “ensure the continued leadership of the United States in quantum information science”
and to develop a unified national strategy for researching quantum information science. The Quantum Act authorizes a National Quantum
Coordination Office inside the White House’s Office of Science and Technology Policy to help coordinate research between agencies,
serve as the federal point of contact and promote private commercialization of federal research breakthroughs over the next decade. 

   

 

 
     11 
       
     

   

   

 The Quantum Act also authorized: 

   

 
 ● Up
                                            to five National Quantum Information Science Research Centers within the Department of Energy. 

   

 
 ● Research
                                            and education centers in the National Science Foundation. 

   

 
 ● A
                                            “workshop of stakeholders” administered by the National Institute of Standards
                                            and Technology “to discuss the future measurement, standards, cybersecurity, and other
                                            appropriate needs for supporting the development of a robust quantum information science
                                            and technology industry in the United States.” 

   

 
 ● A
                                            Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science (“QIS”) under the National Science
                                            and Technology Council. 

   

 
 ● A
                                            National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee to advise the President. 

    

 The overall goals of the Quantum Act include
the eventual creation of industry standards for QIS development, new research grant funding and increased collaboration with the private
sector. Quantum technology, including quantum computing, has drawn significant attention from Congress and the White House for its theoretical
potential to increase computing power and disrupt encryption standards. Rival countries like China and Russia are pushing hard to
improve their own QIS capabilities. In 2020, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, the National Science Foundation
and the Department of Energy announced a fund of $1 billion to establish twelve artificial intelligence and quantum information science
research centers nationwide 

   

 Employees 

   

 We currently have twenty-five full time employees
and seven part time contract staff, twenty of whom are focused on product and software development, and six Technical Advisors (one from
the National Security Domain, four from the Quantum/AI Domain, and two from the Financial Services Domain). We also have two third party
partners providing software development and big data analysis services. The employees are not part of a collective bargaining agreement
and labor relationships are good. 

     

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

   

 This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our objectives, expectations
and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as applicable to all forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   

 

 
     12 
       
     

   

 

 Risks Related to Our Business 

   

 WE
HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY. 

   

 The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart, Inc. Ticketcart operated as a seller of ink-jet printer cartridges until July 2007,
when Ticketcart acquired Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. and changed the name of the business to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings,
Inc. (“IBGH”), IBGH operated as a producer and distributor of non-alcoholic beverages until it ceased operations in 2013.
A group of investors acquired control of IBGH in January 2018 and redomiciled the business to Delaware on February 22, 2018 under the
name Quantum Computing Inc. The Company has been engaged in developing and marketing quantum software products since it was redomiciled
to Delaware, but has not recorded any revenue from sales of products or services to date. Accordingly, the Company has a limited operating
history with which you can evaluate its business and prospects. An investor in the Company must consider its business and prospects in
light of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies, including limited capital, delays
in product development, possible marketing and sales obstacles and delays, inability to gain customer and merchant acceptance or inability
to achieve significant distribution of our products and services to customers. The Company cannot be certain that it will successfully
address these risks. Its failure to address any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

   

 WE ARE NOT PROFITABLE
AND MAY NEVER BE PROFITABLE. 

   

 To date, we have not yet recorded revenues from
the sale of our products. If we are unable to generate revenues, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. Beyond this,
we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons including other risks described in this document, and we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. We incurred negative cash flows from operating activities
and recurring net losses in fiscal years 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, our accumulated deficit was $81,394,081 and
$53,495,235, respectively. 

   

 Since inception through the present, we have
been dependent on raising capital to support our working capital needs. During this same period, we have recorded net accumulated losses
and are yet to achieve profitability. Our ability to achieve profitability depends upon many factors, including our ability to develop
and commercialize our products. There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve any significant revenues or profitable operations.  

   

 OUR
OPERATING EXPENSES EXCEED OUR REVENUES AND WILL LIKELY CONTINUE TO DO SO FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. 

   

 We are in an early stage of our development and
we have not generated any revenues to offset our operating expenses. Our operating expenses will likely continue to exceed our operating
income for the foreseeable future, until such time as we are able to monetize our brands and generate substantial revenues, particularly
as we undertake payment of the increased costs of operating as a public company. 

   

 

 
     13 
       
     

   

 WE
WILL NEED ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, WHICH MAY BE DIFFICULT TO RAISE AS A RESULT OF OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY OR ANY NUMBER OF OTHER REASONS. 

   

 We expect that we will have adequate financing
for the next 20-24 months at the current level of operations. However, in the event that we exceed our expected growth rate, we would
need to raise additional capital. There is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us when needed,
on acceptable terms or even at all. Our limited operating history makes investor evaluation and an estimation of our future performance
substantially more difficult. As a result, investors may be unwilling to invest in us or such investment may be on terms or conditions
which are not acceptable. In the event that we are not able to secure financing, we may have to scale back our growth plans or cease
operations.  

   

 FAILURE TO IDENTIFY ERRORS IN THE QUANTITATIVE
MODELS WE UTILIZE TO MANAGE OUR BUSINESS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT PRODUCT PERFORMANCE AND CLIENT RELATIONSHIPS. 

   

 We employ various quantitative models to manage
our business. Any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on our business
and reputation. 

   

 WE MAY BE UNABLE TO DEVELOP NEW PRODUCTS
AND SERVICES AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MAY EXPOSE US TO ADDITIONAL COSTS OR OPERATIONAL RISK. 

   

 Our financial performance depends, in part, on
our ability to develop, market and manage new products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services require
continued innovative efforts and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. Substantial risk
and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate
operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance
with regulatory requirements. 

   

 OUR
PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY MAY BE SUBJECT TO CLAIMS FOR INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS, OR MAY
BE INFRINGED OR MISAPPROPRIATED BY OTHERS. 

   

 We rely, and may rely in the future, upon a combination
of license agreements, confidentiality policies and procedures, confidentiality provisions in employment agreements, confidentiality
agreements with third parties and technical security measures to maintain the confidentiality, exclusivity and trade secrecy of our proprietary
information. We also rely, and most likely will rely in the future, on trademark and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property
rights in the United States and abroad. Despite our protective measures and intellectual property rights, we may not be able to adequately
protect against theft, copying, reverse engineering, misappropriation, infringement or unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual
property, which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position. 

   

 

 
     14 
       
     

   

 WE
MAY BECOME SUBJECT TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS THAT COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

   

 From time to time and in the ordinary course
of our business, we and certain of our subsidiaries may become involved in various legal proceedings. All such legal proceedings are
inherently unpredictable and, regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our
operations and distracting to management. If resolved against us, such legal proceedings could result in excessive verdicts, injunctive
relief or other equitable relief that may affect how we operate our business. Similarly, if we settle such legal proceedings, it may
affect how we operate our business. Future court decisions, alternative dispute resolution awards, business expansion or legislative
activity may increase our exposure to litigation and regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial noneconomic remedies or punitive
damages may be sought. Although we maintain liability insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover any
particular verdict, judgment or settlement that may be entered against us, that such coverage will prove to be adequate or that such
coverage will continue to remain available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we incur liability that exceeds our insurance coverage
or that is not within the scope of the coverage in legal proceedings brought against us, it could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 
 ● Certification,
                                            licensing or regulatory requirements with regard to the technology we expect to develop relating
                                            to financial and cybersecurity applications; 

   

 
 ● Unexpected
                                            changes in regulatory requirements such as the National Quantum Initiative Act or other federal
                                            or state laws that may require us to take certain actions; and 

   

 
 ● Changes
                                            to or reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries which may affect
                                            or ability to protect and maintain intellectual property rights relating to our applications. 

   

 WE
INTEND TO CONTINUE EXPLORING STRATEGIC BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER COMBINATIONS, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO INHERENT RISKS. 

   

 In order to expand our solutions, services, and
grow our market and client base, we may continue to seek and complete strategic business acquisitions and other combinations that we
believe are complementary to our business. Acquisitions have inherent risks which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results or prospects, including, but not limited to: 1) failure to successfully integrate the business
and financial operations, services, intellectual property, solutions or personnel of an acquired business and to maintain uniform standard
controls, policies and procedures; 2) diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; 3) entry into markets in
which we have little or no direct prior experience; 4) failure to achieve projected synergies and performance targets; 5) loss of clients
or key personnel; 6) incurrence of debt or assumption of known and unknown liabilities; 7) write-off of software development costs, goodwill,
client lists and amortization of expenses related to intangible assets; 8) dilutive issuances of equity securities; and, 9) accounting
deficiencies that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of an acquired company, including issues related
to internal control over financial reporting and the time and cost associated with remedying such deficiencies. If we fail to successfully
integrate acquired businesses or fail to implement our business strategies with respect to these acquisitions, we may not be able to
achieve projected results or support the amount of consideration paid for such acquired businesses. 

   

 

 
     15 
       
     

   

 IF
WE ARE UNABLE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH IN THE NEW MARKETS IN WHICH WE OFFER SOLUTIONS OR SERVICES, OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS COULD
SUFFER. 

   

 Our future financial results will depend in part
on our ability to profitably manage our business in the new markets that we enter. Difficulties in managing future growth in new markets
could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 WE
RELY HEAVILY ON OUR MANAGEMENT, AND THE LOSS OF THEIR SERVICES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. 

   

 Our success is highly dependent upon the continued
services of our management including our Chief Executive Officer, Robert Liscouski, our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. William McGann,
and our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Christopher Roberts. The loss of Mr. Liscouski’s, Mr. McGann’s or Mr. Roberts’
services would have a material adverse effect on the Company and its business operations. 

    

 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO IMPLEMENT OUR GROWTH
AND MARKETING STRATEGY SUCCESSFULLY OR ON A TIMELY BASIS OR AT ALL. 

   

 Our future success depends, in large part, on
our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and sales of our product and service portfolio, attracting new
consumers and introducing new product lines and product extensions. 

   

 Our sales and operating results will be adversely
affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

   

 CYBER SECURITY RISKS AND THE FAILURE TO
MAINTAIN THE INTEGRITY OF DATA BELONGING TO OUR COMPANY COULD EXPOSE US TO DATA LOSS, LITIGATION AND LIABILITY, AND OUR REPUTATION COULD
BE SIGNIFICANTLY HARMED. 

   

 We may from time to time collect and retain large
volumes of data relating to our business and from our customers for business purposes, including for transactional and promotional purposes,
and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such data. The integrity and protection of this data
is critical to our business. Maintaining compliance with the evolving regulations and requirements applicable to data security and information
privacy protection could be difficult and may increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional,
inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of data relating to
our company or our employees, independent distributors or preferred customers, which could harm our reputation, disrupt our operations,
or result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits. 

   

 

 
     16 
       
     

   

 COMPUTER MALWARE, VIRUSES, HACKING, PHISHING
ATTACKS AND SPAMMING COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

   

 Computer malware, viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in our services and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data.
Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks against online networking platforms have become more prevalent and may
occur on our systems in the future. 

   

 Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our internal
systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation or brand. Our network security business
disruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to direct attacks on our website or internal
systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of
our services. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any
failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our products and services and technical infrastructure may
harm our reputation, brand and our ability to attract customers. Any significant disruption to our website or internal computer systems
could result in a loss of customers and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

   

 We have previously experienced, and may in the
future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure
changes, third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity constraints. If our software application is unavailable
when customers attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, customers may seek other services. 

   

 Our platform functions on software that is highly
technical and complex and may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code
may only be discovered after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after deployment,
inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems within an acceptable period of time or difficultly maintaining and
improving the performance of our platform, particularly during peak usage times, could result in damage to our reputation or brand, loss
of revenues, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

   

 We expect to continue to make significant investments
to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to enable rapid releases of new features and products. To the extent that
we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network
architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

   

 

 
     17 
       
     

   

 GROWING OUR CUSTOMER BASE DEPENDS UPON
THE EFFECTIVE OPERATION OF OUR APPLICATIONS WITH OPERATING SYSTEMS, NETWORKS AND STANDARDS THAT WE DO NOT CONTROL. 

   

 We will be dependent on the interoperability
of our applications with operating systems that we do not control, and any changes in such systems that degrade our potential products’
functionality or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our applications on quantum
processing units. Additionally, in order to deliver high quality products, it is important that our products work well with a range of
quantum computers, conventional computers, systems, networks and standards that we do not control. We may not be successful in developing
relationships with key participants in the quantum computing industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies,
systems, networks or standards. 

   

 WE MAY NEVER SUCCESSFULLY COMMERCIALIZE
ANY PRODUCTS. 

   

 We have invested a substantial amount of our
time and resources in developing various new products and computing technologies. Commercialization of these products will require additional
development, clinical evaluation, beta testing, significant marketing efforts and substantial additional investment before they can provide
us with any revenue. Despite our efforts, these products may not become commercially successful products for a number of reasons, including
but not limited to: 

   

 
 ● our
                                            products or technologies may not prove to be effective in trials; 

   

 
 ● we
                                            may experience delays in our development program; 

   

 
 ● any
                                            products or technologies that are developed may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

   

 
 ● we
                                            may not have adequate financial or other resources to complete the development or to commence
                                            the commercialization of our products or will not have adequate financial or other resources
                                            to achieve significant commercialization of our products; 

   

 
 ● we
                                            may not be able to manufacture any of our products in commercial quantities or at an acceptable
                                            cost; 

   

 
 ● rapid
                                            technological change may make our products obsolete; 

   

 
 ● we
                                            may be unable to effectively protect our intellectual property rights or we may become subject
                                            to claims that our activities have infringed the intellectual property rights of others;
                                            and 

   

 
 ● we
                                            may be unable to obtain or defend patent rights for our products or technologies. 

   

 

 
     18 
       
     

   

 THE MARKET OPPORTUNITY FOR OUR PRODUCTS
AND TECHNOLOGIES MAY NOT DEVELOP IN THE WAYS THAT WE ANTICIPATE. 

   

 The demand for our products and technologies
can change quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate because the market in which we operate is characterized by rapid, and sometimes
disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changes in
customer requirements and a limited ability to accurately forecast future customer orders. Our operating results may be adversely affected
if the market opportunity for our products and services does not develop in the ways that we anticipate or if other technologies or products
become more accepted or standard in our industry or disrupt our technologies and products. 

   

 WE FACE SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION AND MANY
OF OUR COMPETITORS ARE LARGER AND HAVE GREATER FINANCIAL AND OTHER RESOURCES THAN WE DO. 

   

 Some of our product offerings and technologies
compete and will compete with other similar products from our competitors. These competitive products could be marketed by well-established,
successful companies that possess greater financial, marketing, distributional, personnel and other resources than we possess. In certain
instances, competitors with greater financial resources also may be able to enter a market in direct competition with us offering attractive
marketing tools to encourage the sale of products that compete with our products or present cost features that our target end users may
find attractive. 

   

 OUR INABILITY TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY COULD IMPAIR OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE, REDUCE OUR REVENUE, AND INCREASE OUR COSTS. 

   

 Our success and ability to compete depends and
will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the proprietary aspects of our technologies and products. We intend to rely
on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions to protect
our intellectual property, but these measures may provide only limited protection. We may not always be able to enforce these agreements
and may fail to enter into any such agreement in every instance when appropriate. We may from time to time license from third party’s
their brands or certain technology used in and for our products. These third-party licenses are granted with restrictions; therefore,
such third-party technology may not remain available to us on terms beneficial to us. Our failure to enforce and protect our intellectual
property rights or obtain from third parties the right to use necessary technology could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully
as do the laws of the United States. 

    

 Patents may not issue from the patent applications
that we may file in the future. Our issued patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, and claims of our patents may not
be of sufficient scope or strength, or issued in the proper geographic regions, to provide meaningful protection or any commercial advantage.
We plan to register certain of our trademarks in the United States and other countries. We cannot assure you that we will obtain registrations
of principal or other trademarks in key markets in the future. Failure to obtain registrations could compromise our ability to protect
fully our trademarks and brands, and could increase the risk of challenge from third parties to our use of our trademarks and brands. 

   

 

 
     19 
       
     

    

 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROTECT OUR SOURCE
CODE FROM COPYING IF THERE IS AN UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF SOURCE CODE. 

   

 Source code, the detailed program commands for
our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. Although we license portions of our application and operating
system source code to several licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions of our source code. If
a significant portion of our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that source code. It may become easier
for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. 

   

 OUR FAILURE TO KEEP PACE WITH RAPID TECHNOLOGY
CHANGES COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. 

   

 The markets for our products and services are
characterized by rapid technological developments and frequent changes in customer requirements. We must continually improve the performance,
features and reliability of our products and services, particularly in response to competitive offerings, to keep pace with these developments.
We must ensure that our products and services address evolving operating environments, devices, industry trends, certifications and standards.
We also may need to develop products that are compatible with new operating systems while remaining compatible with existing, popular
operating systems. Our business could be harmed by our competitors announcing or introducing new products and services that could be
perceived by customers as superior to ours. We spend considerable resources on technology research and development, but our research
and development resources are more limited than many of our competitors. 

   

 Our failure to introduce new or enhanced products
on a timely basis, to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes or to gain customer acceptance for our new and existing
products and services, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 WE MAY FAIL TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN KEY PERSONNEL,
WHICH COULD IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES. 

   

 Our success depends on our ability to attract
and retain highly-skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Changes in key personnel may be disruptive to our business.
It could be difficult, time consuming and expensive to replace key personnel. Integrating new key personnel may be difficult and costly.
Volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program including our stock incentive
program may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, many of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of
our stock price. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future
or delays in hiring required personnel could make it difficult to meet key objectives. Any of these impairments related to our key personnel
could negatively affect our business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 

 
     20 
       
     

    

 To remain competitive in our industries, we must
attract, motivate and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, marketing, consulting and technical personnel, including executives, consultants,
programmers and systems architects skilled in quantum computing, computing, and the technical environments in which our solutions, devices
and services are needed. Competition for such personnel in our industries is intense in both the United States and abroad. Our failure
to attract additional qualified personnel to meet our needs could have a material adverse effect on our prospects for long-term growth.
In addition, we invest significant time and expense in training our associates, which increases their value to clients and competitors
who may seek to recruit them and increases the cost of replacing them. Our success is dependent to a significant degree on the continued
contributions of key management, sales, marketing, consulting and technical personnel. The unexpected loss of key personnel could have
a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations, and could potentially inhibit development and delivery of our solutions,
devices and services and market share advances. 

   

 IF WE FAIL TO ESTABLISH AND MAINTAIN AN
EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROL, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS ACCURATELY OR PREVENT FRAUD. ANY INABILITY TO
REPORT AND FILE OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS ACCURATELY AND TIMELY COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION AND ADVERSELY IMPACT THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON
STOCK. 

   

 Effective internal control is necessary for us
to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not
be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation
with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations and access to capital. 

   

 THE QUANTUM COMPUTING INDUSTRY IS IMMATURE
AND VOLATILE, AND IF IT DOES NOT DEVELOP, IF IT DEVELOPS MORE SLOWLY THAN WE EXPECT, IF IT ENCOUNTERS NEGATIVE PUBLICITY OR IF OUR SOLUTION
DOES NOT DRIVE COMMERCIAL ENGAGEMENT, THE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS WILL BE HARMED. 

   

 With respect to our quantum computing application
services, the quantum computing industry is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve and sustain high
levels of demand, consumer acceptance and market adoption. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of our
potential customers to use, and increase their utilization of, our solution, as well as on our ability to demonstrate the value of quantum
computing to their respective organization, government agencies, and other purchasers of quantum computing offerings. Negative publicity
concerning our solution or the quantum computing industry as a whole could limit market acceptance of our solution. If our clients and
partners do not perceive the benefits of our solution, or if our solution does not drive member engagement, then our market may not develop
at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, individual and industry concerns or negative publicity regarding technophobic
views in the context of quantum computing could limit market acceptance of our quantum computing services. If any of these events occur,
it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 

 
     21 
       
     

    

 RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE IN OUR INDUSTRY
PRESENTS US WITH SIGNIFICANT RISKS AND CHALLENGES. 

   

 The quantum computing market is characterized
by rapid technological change, changing user requirements, uncertain product lifecycles and evolving industry standards. Our success
will depend on our ability to enhance our products and services with next-generation technologies and to develop or to acquire and market
new products and services to access new market segments. There is no guarantee that we will possess the resources, either financial or
personnel, for the research, design and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources
successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or
more of our competitors or future competitors will not results in present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive
or obsolete.  

   

 Risks Related to Our
Common Stock 

   

 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE OR MAY
DECLINE REGARDLESS OF OUR OPERATING PERFORMANCE, AND YOU MAY LOSE PART OR ALL OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

   

 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate
widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

   

 
 ● actions
                                            by competitors; 

   

 
 ● actual
                                            or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors; 

   

 
 ● the
                                            public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties,
                                            including our filings with the SEC; 

   

 
 ● economic,
                                            legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 

   

 
 ● any
                                            future guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance or any difference
                                            between our guidance and actual results; 

   

 
 ● changes
                                            in financial estimates or recommendations by any securities analysts who follow our common
                                            stock; 

   

 
 ● speculation
                                            by the press or investment community regarding our business; 

   

 
 ● litigation; 

   

 

 
     22 
       
     

   

 
 ● changes
                                            in key personnel; and 

   

 
 ● future
                                            sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant shareholders. 

   

 In addition, the stock markets, including the
over-the-counter markets where we are quoted, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue
to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These broad market fluctuations may materially affect our stock price,
regardless of our operating results. Furthermore, the market for our common stock historically has been limited and we cannot assure
you that a larger market will ever be developed or maintained. The price at which investors purchase shares of our common stock may not
be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. Market fluctuations and volatility, as well as general economic,
market and political conditions, could reduce our market price. As a result, these factors may make it more difficult or impossible for
you to sell our common stock for a positive return on your investment. In the past, shareholders have instituted securities class action
litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation, we could incur substantial costs and
our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 

   

 FUTURE SALES OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK,
OR THE PERCEPTION IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS THAT THESE SALES MAY OCCUR, MAY DEPRESS OUR STOCK PRICE. 

   

 The market price of our common stock could decline
significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock. In addition, if our significant shareholders sell
a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our stock could decline. Any issuance of additional
common stock by us in the future, or warrants or options to purchase our common stock, if exercised, would result in dilution to our
existing shareholders. Such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium to the then-current trading price
of our common stock. Moreover, the perception in the public market that shareholders might sell shares of our stock or that we could
make a significant issuance of additional common stock in the future could depress the market for our shares. These sales, or the perception
that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.  

   

 We have issued shares of common stock and convertible
notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock in connection with our private placements and certain employment, director
and consultant agreements. In addition, we issued shares of our common stock and convertible notes which are convertible into shares
of our common stock, in financing transactions and pursuant to employment agreements that are deemed to be “restricted securities,”
as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. From time to time, certain of our shareholders may be eligible
to sell all or some of their restricted shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant
to Rule 144, subject to certain limitations. The resale pursuant to Rule 144 of shares acquired from us in private transactions could
cause our stock price to decline significantly. 

   

 

 
     23 
       
     

   

 “PENNY STOCK” RULES MAY MAKE
BUYING OR SELLING OUR COMMON STOCK DIFFICULT. 

   

 If the market price for our common stock is below
$5.00 per share, trading in our common stock may be subject to the “penny stock” rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that
generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
These rules would require that any broker-dealer that would recommend our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited
investors, must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s
written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations would require the delivery, prior to
any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading
in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements
may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity
of our common stock. 

   

 SALES OF OUR CURRENTLY ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
STOCK MAY BECOME FREELY TRADABLE PURSUANT TO RULE 144 AND MAY DILUTE THE MARKET FOR YOUR SHARES AND HAVE A DEPRESSIVE EFFECT ON THE PRICE
OF THE SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 A substantial minority of our outstanding shares
of common stock are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. As restricted shares,
these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable
exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that
an Affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(1)) of an issuer who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six
months (one year after filing Form 10 information with the SEC for shell companies and former shell companies) may, under certain conditions,
sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company’s outstanding
shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. Rule 144 also permits,
under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitation, by a person who is not an Affiliate of the Company and who
has satisfied a one-year holding period. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to
subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in
any active market that may develop. 

   

 POTENTIAL FUTURE FINANCINGS MAY DILUTE
THE HOLDINGS OF OUR CURRENT SHAREHOLDERS. 

   

 In order to provide capital for the operation
of our business, in the future we may enter into financing arrangements. These arrangements may involve the issuance of new shares of
common stock, preferred stock that is convertible into common stock, debt securities that are convertible into common stock or warrants
for the purchase of common stock. Any of these items could result in a material increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding,
which would in turn result in a dilution of the ownership interests of existing common shareholders. In addition, these new securities
could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions and voting rights, which could affect the value of our existing common
stock. 

   

 

 
     24 
       
     

   

 WE CURRENTLY DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS
ON OUR COMMON STOCK. AS A RESULT, YOUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO ACHIEVE A RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS IF THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK APPRECIATES . 

   

 We currently do not expect to declare or pay
dividends on our common stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare
or pay dividends on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment will be if the market
price of our common stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

   

 YOU MAY EXPERIENCE DILUTION OF YOUR OWNERSHIP
INTEREST DUE TO THE FUTURE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 We are in a capital-intensive business and we
do not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or the costs of our development projects or to support our projected
capital expenditures indefinitely. As a result, we will very likely require additional funds from future equity or debt financings, including
tax equity financing transactions or sales of preferred shares or convertible debt, to complete the development of new projects and pay
the general and administrative costs of our business. We may in the future issue our previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting
in the dilution of the ownership interests of holders of our common stock. We are currently authorized to issue 250,000,000 shares of
common stock. The potential issuance of such additional shares of common stock or preferred stock or convertible debt may create downward
pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or private placements for capital raising purposes or for other business
purposes. The future issuance of a substantial number of common shares into the public market, or the perception that such issuance could
occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares. A decline in the price of our common shares could make
it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings of our common shares or securities convertible into common shares. 

   

 FUTURE ISSUANCE OF OUR COMMON STOCK, PREFERRED
STOCK, OPTIONS AND WARRANTS COULD DILUTE THE INTERESTS OF EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. 

   

 We may issue additional shares of our common
stock, preferred stock, options and warrants in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of common stock, options and warrants
could have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our current stockholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount
of common stock or preferred stock in the public market, or the exercise of a substantial number of warrants and options either in the
initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such common stock as consideration
or by investors who acquired such common stock in a private placement could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common
stock. 

   

 

 
     25 
       
     

   

 OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS POSSESS
SIGNIFICANT VOTING POWER WITH RESPECT TO OUR COMMON STOCK, WHICH WILL LIMIT YOUR INFLUENCE ON CORPORATE MATTERS. 

   

 As of March 11, 2022, our directors and executive
officers collectively beneficially own approximately 15.8% of the shares of our common stock including the beneficial ownership of Mr.
Liscouski of 4.37% of the shares of our common stock. 
   

 As a result, our insiders have the ability to
significantly influence our management and affairs through the election and removal of our Board and all other matters requiring stockholder
approval, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated voting power
could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change-of-control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial
to our stockholders. Furthermore, this concentrated control will limit the practical effect of your influence over our business and affairs,
through any stockholder vote or otherwise. Any of these effects could depress the price of our common stock. 

   

 OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION GRANTS OUR
BOARD THE POWER TO ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON AND PREFERRED SHARES AND TO DESIGNATE OTHER CLASSES OF PREFERRED SHARES, ALL WITHOUT
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. 

   

 Our authorized capital consists of 260,000,000
shares of capital stock of which 10,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock. Our Board, without any action by our stockholders,
may designate and issue shares of preferred stock in such series as it deems appropriate and establish the rights, preferences and privileges
of such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights, provided it is consistent with Delaware law. 

   

 The rights of holders of our preferred stock
that may be issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our shares of common stock. The designation and issuance of shares of
capital stock having preferential rights could adversely affect other rights appurtenant to shares of our common stock. Furthermore,
any issuances of additional stock (common or preferred) will dilute the percentage of ownership interest of then-current holders of our
capital stock and may dilute our book value per share. 

   

 As of March 11, 2022, the Board has authorized
one class of 1,550,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which 1,545,459 shares are issued
and outstanding. 
   

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS. 

   

 Not applicable 

   

 

 
     26 
       
     

   

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

   

 We maintain our current
principal office at 215 Depot Court SE #215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Our telephone number at this office is (703) 436-2161. The Company leases
approximately 350 square feet under an annual lease in a multi-tenant facility that provides conference room space, 24/7 co-working space,
and other services on an as-needed basis in Leesburg, VA. The facility lease can be terminated upon 30 days written notice by the Company.
The Company also leases approximately 450 square feet under an annual lease in a multi-tenant facility that provides conference room
space, 24/7 co-working space, and other services on an as-needed basis in Minneapolis, MN, and subleases approximately 250 square feet
of office space in a multitenant building in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada under an annual sublease agreement. 

   

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

    

 We are not currently involved in any litigation
that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, or
proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive
officers of our Company or our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, our subsidiary or of our
companies or our subsidiary’s officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material
adverse effect. 

   

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
     27 
       
     

 

   

 PART II 

   

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

   

 Market Information 

   

 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “QUBT” and commenced trading since July 15, 2021. 

   

 Authorized Capital 

   

 The Company is authorized by its Certificate of
Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”),
and 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred, of which 1,550,000 shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. As of
March 11, 2022, 2022, 29,156,815 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding and 1,545,459 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
stock were issued and outstanding. 
    

 Holders of Common Equity 

   

 As of March 11, 2022, there were approximately
260 stockholders of record. Because shares of our common stock are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees, the number of beneficial
holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of record. 
   

 Dividend Information 

   

 We have not paid any cash dividends to our holders
of common stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings,
if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present
intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

   

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

   

 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we have
issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, all of which were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

   

 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

   

 

 
     28 
       
     

   

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

   

 The following discussion and analysis of the
results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our
discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. See “Forward-Looking Statements.” 

   

 Management’s discussion and analysis of
results of operations and financial condition (“MD&A”) is a supplement to the accompanying condensed financial statements
and provides additional information on Quantum Computing Inc.’s (“Quantum” or the “Company’) business,
current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

   

 When we say “we,” “us,”
“our,” “Company,” or “Quantum,” we mean Quantum Computing Inc. 

   

 Overview 

   

 At the present time,
we are a development stage company with limited operations.  The Company plans to enter the market for high performance computers
and software applications, specifically focusing on what are known as “quantum computers”. The Company has assembled a team
of experts in quantum computing software technology and quantum mathematics, which will focus on the design and development of several
quantum software applications targeting solutions to non-deterministic polynomial applications. The Company’s development team
has initially focused on addressing computational problems in the financial services, supply chain and logistics management; pharmaceutical
design, heavy manufacturing, and computer security (cyber) market segments.  The Company’s development team includes
mathematicians, physicists, and software developers.  

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021
vs. December 31, 2020 

   

 Revenues 

   

 
   
         
     For the   Twelve Months Ended
      December 31, 
 2021     
     For the   Twelve Months Ended
      December 31, 
 2020     
         
   
     (In thousands)   
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Change   
   
     Products   
       0     
       0 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
   
         
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Services   
       0     
       0 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
   
     Total   
     $ 0     
       100.0 %   
     $ 0     
       100.0 %   
       100 % 
   

   

 

 
     29 
       
     

   

 Revenues for the Twelve
Months ended December 31, 2021 were $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period, a change of $0, or 0%. In 2021, QCI
continued to execute its business strategy to provide quantum-ready solutions for solving real-world problems.  Much progress was
made toward this overarching objective, but the generation of revenue from customers has been slower to develop.  The lack of revenue
is due in part to the fact that quantum computing hardware is still emerging and only beginning to scale to levels that are closer to
solving important optimization problems at a commercial scale, and in part due to the fact that quantum computing is a novel idea for
most potential customers. Accordingly, the Company has focused on developing software technology to amplify the performance of existing
quantum hardware, and on customer education and building customer awareness as a precursor to generating sales. We have developed and
released two products and are now in the process of marketing and commercialization. We expect to generate revenue in 2022. 

   

 Cost of Revenues 

   

 Cost of revenues for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period, a change of $0 or 0%. There
was no cost of revenues recorded because the Company has not yet commenced generating revenue from sales of products or services. 

   

 Gross Margin 

   

 Gross margin for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period. There was no gross margin because
the Company has not yet commenced generating revenue from sales of products or services. 

   

 Operating Expenses 

   

 Operating expenses for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were $17,130,093 as compared with $17,343,007 for the comparable prior year period, a decrease
of $212,914 or 1.23%. The decrease in operating expenses is due to a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of $1,775,766, a decrease
in consulting expense of $606,511, a decrease in legal expense of $169,889, and a decrease in other SG&A expense of $582,419 compared
to the comparable prior year period. These decreases were offset in part by an increase of $1,846,201 in salary expense and an increase
in R&D expense of $1,046,279, as the Company hired additional staff during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and reduced
its use of consultants compared with the prior year period. 

   

 Net Loss 

   

 Our net loss for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was $27,898,847 as compared with a net loss of $24,734,280 for the comparable prior year period,
an increase of $3,164,567 or 12.8%. The increase in net loss is primarily due to an increase in interest expense of $3,160,703 relating
to the offering of Series A Convertible Preferred and Warrants, coupled with a decrease in other income of $225,749, incurred during
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared with the prior year period. 

   

 

 
     30 
       
     

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 We fund our working capital with cash from investment.
Since commencing operations as Quantum Computing in February 2018, the Company has raised $27,759,904 through private placement of equity
and $5,133,000 through private placements of Convertible Promissory Notes for a total of $32,892,904 in new investment. The Company has
no lines of credit, and no long-term debt obligations outstanding. As of February 28, 2022, the Company had cash and equivalents of $13,229,380
on hand. We believe that our current cash position and other available financing resources, coupled with our ongoing operating activities,
will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our business needs over the next twelve months and beyond. To the extent the sources of capital
described above are insufficient to meet our needs, we may also conduct additional public offerings of our securities, refinance debt,
dispose of certain assets to fund our operating activities, or draw on existing or new debt facilities. 

   

 Critical Accounting
Policies  

   

 Basis of Presentation: 

   

 The accompanying audited Balance Sheet as of
December 31, 2021, and the audited financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial
information, the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, the accompanying audited,
financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021,
and the cash flows and results of operations for the three and twelve months then ended. Such adjustments consisted only of normal recurring
items. The results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 are not necessarily indicative of the results for subsequent
periods. 

   

 Accounting Changes 

   

 Except for the changes discussed below, Quantum
has consistently applied the accounting policies to all periods presented in these unaudited financial statements. The Company has evaluated
all recently implemented accounting standards and concluded that none currently apply to the Company. 

   

 Use of Estimates: 

   

 These financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Because a precise determination of assets
and liabilities, and correspondingly revenues and expenses, depends on future events, the preparation of financial statements for any
period necessarily involves the use of estimates and assumption an example being assumptions in valuation of stock options. Actual amounts
may differ from these estimates. These financial statements have, in management’s opinion, been properly prepared within reasonable
limits of materiality and within the framework of the accounting policies summarized below. 

   

 

 
     31 
       
     

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 The Company’s policy is to present bank
balances under cash and cash equivalents, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses
in such accounts. 

   

 Operating Leases - ASC 842 

   

 On January 1, 2019, we adopted FASB Accounting
Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) which requires the recognition of the right-of-use assets and
relating operating and finance lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Under ASC 842, all leases are required to be recorded on the balance
sheet and are classified as either operating leases or finance leases. The lease classification affects the expense recognition in the
income statement. Operating lease charges are recorded entirely in operating expenses. Finance lease charges are split, where amortization
of the right-of-use asset is recorded in operating expenses and an implied interest component is recorded in interest expense. 

 

   

 We lease substantially all our office space used
to conduct our business. For contracts entered into on or after the effective date, at the inception of a contract we assess whether
the contract is, or contains, a lease. Our assessment is based on (1) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified
asset, (2) whether we obtain the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the period, and
(3) whether we have the right to direct the use of the asset. At inception of a lease, we allocate the consideration in the contract
to each lease component based on its relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. 

   

 Leases are classified as either finance leases
or operating leases. A lease is classified as a finance lease if any one of the following criteria are met: (1) the lease transfers ownership
of the asset by the end of the lease term, (2) the lease contains an option to purchase the asset that is reasonably certain to be exercised,
(3) the lease term is for a major part of the remaining useful life of the asset or (4) the present value of the lease payments equals
or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the asset. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not meet any one
of these criteria. Substantially all our operating leases are comprised of office space leases and as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 we
had no finance leases. 

   

 For all leases at the lease commencement date,
a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are recognized. The right-of-use asset represents the right to use the leased asset for the
lease term. The lease liability represents the present value of the lease payments under the lease. The Company is currently leasing
space in three locations, Leesburg, VA, Minneapolis, MN and Vancouver, BC, and we have recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
accordingly. 

   

 The right-of-use asset is initially measured
at cost, which primarily comprises the initial amount of the lease liability, plus any initial direct costs incurred, consisting mainly
of brokerage commissions, less any lease incentives received. All right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment. The lease liability
is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, or if that
rate cannot be readily determined, our secured incremental borrowing rate for the same term as the underlying lease. For our real estate
and other operating leases, we use our secured incremental borrowing rate. For our finance leases, we use the rate implicit in the lease
or our secured incremental borrowing rate if the implicit lease rate cannot be determined. 

   

 

 
     32 
       
     

   

 Lease payments included in the measurement of
the lease liability comprise the following: the fixed noncancelable lease payments, payments for optional renewal periods where it is
reasonably certain the renewal period will be exercised, and payments for early termination options unless it is reasonably certain the
lease will not be terminated early. 

   

 Lease expense for operating leases consists of
the lease payments plus any initial direct costs, primarily brokerage commissions, and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. 

   

 Property and Equipment 

   

 Property and equipment are stated at cost or
contributed value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated
useful lives, and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the
lease term. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired or sold are removed from the accounts and any differences
between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. 

   

 Net Loss Per Share: 

   

 Net loss per share is based on the weighted average
number of common shares and common shares equivalents outstanding during the period. 

     

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

   

 We are not required to provide the information
required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

    

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

   

 Our consolidated financial statements are contained
in pages F-1 through [F-20]   which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

   

 None. 

   

 

 
     33 
       
     

   

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

   

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filings are recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management was necessarily
required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

   

 As of December 31, 2021, we carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021 due to limited resources for
adequate personnel to prepare, review and file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within the required periods as described
below under the heading “Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting”. Management plans to remediate
this weakness by taking the actions described below. 

   

 Report of Management on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

   

 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

   

 
 ● pertain
                                            to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
                                            transactions and disposition of our assets; 

   

 
 ● provide
                                            reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
                                            financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
                                            our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our
                                            management and directors; and 

   

 
 ● provide
                                            reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
                                            use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

   

 

 
     34 
       
     

     

 Our internal control system is designed to provide
reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 We have assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 

   

 Based on this assessment, management believes
that, as of December 31, 2021 the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting because of the effect
of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below.  

   

 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing
Standard No. 2 defines a material weakness as a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there
being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Based upon this definition, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, a material weakness
existed in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting related to the following matters: 

   

 
 ● We
                                            identified a lack of sufficient segregation of duties. Specifically, this material weakness
                                            is such that the design over these areas relies primarily on detective controls and could
                                            be strengthened by adding preventative controls to properly safeguard Company assets. 

   

 
 ● Limited
                                            policies and procedures that cover recording and reporting of financial transactions. 

   

 
 ● Lack
                                            of multiple levels of review over the financial reporting process 

   

 Our plan to remediate those material weaknesses
is as follows: 

   

 
 ● Improve
                                            the effectiveness of the accounting group by augmenting our existing resources with additional
                                            consultants or employees to assist in the analysis and recording of complex accounting transactions,
                                            and to simultaneously achieve desired organizational structuring for improved segregation
                                            of duties. We have begun to mitigate this identified deficiency by hiring an independent
                                            consultant to assist with bookkeeping. 

   

 
 ● Improve
                                            expert review and achieve desired segregation procedures by strengthening cross approval
                                            of various functions including quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

   

 Notwithstanding the assessment that our ICFR
was not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our consolidated financial statements
contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered thereby
in all material respects. 

   

 

 
     35 
       
     

   

 This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company’s registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company
and are not required to provide the report. 

   

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

   

 There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during
the quarter ended December 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified above.  

   

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

   

 None.  

   

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 

 
     36 
       
     

   

 PART III 

   

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

   

 Directors and Executive Officers 

   

 The following table contains information with
respect to our directors and executive officers. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers have an arrangement
or understanding with any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as a director or officer. There are no family relationships
between any of our directors or executive officers. Directors serve one year terms. Our executive officers are appointed by and serve
at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

   

 
   
     Name 
       
     Current 
Age 
       
     Position 
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
     68 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
     Christopher Roberts 
       
     68 
       
     Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
     William J. McGann 
       
     63 
       
     Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer 
   
     Bertrand Velge 
       
     63 
       
     Director 
   
     Robert Fagenson 
       
     73 
       
     Director  
   
     Michael Turmelle 
       
     62 
       
     Director 
   
   

 The following noteworthy experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills for each Board member, led to our conclusion that the person should serve as a director in light of our business
and structure: 

   

 Robert Liscouski, President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board 

   

 Mr. Liscouski, age 68, is the Chairman and CEO
of Quantum Computing. Mr. Liscouski is CEO and Founder of Convergent Risk Group LLC and a proven security professional, thought leader
and successful entrepreneur with over 35 years of senior level security operational and company leadership experience in government and
public and private companies. 

   

 Mr. Liscouski is a recognized Security Industry
leader in assessing, mitigating and managing physical and cyber security risk in private sector enterprises and state and federal government
agencies. Mr. Liscouski has extensive experience in leading innovative start up and turn around companies as well as building programs
for large government organizations and is recognized as a leader in identifying emerging security technologies. He serves as a “Trusted
Advisor” to senior officials within government and private sector, providing guidance in areas such as physical and cyber security,
crisis management, organizational development and strategic planning. Mr. Liscouski’s career has spanned local law enforcement,
senior government and private sector positions from operations to senior leadership and Boards of Directors. He started his career as
an undercover and homicide investigator, and Special Agent with the Diplomatic Security Service and progressed to senior federal government
positions where he served as a senior advisor to the intelligence community and was appointed by President George W. Bush as the first
Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection at the Department of Homeland Security. He most recently was President of a public company
that became a leader in the explosive trace detection industry culminating in the sale of the technology to L3 Communications. Mr. Liscouski
is a frequent contributor to CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and other business and security media on Homeland Security and Terrorism issues. 

    

 

 
     37 
       
     

   

 Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial Officer 

   

 Mr. Roberts, age 68, is the Company’s Chief
Financial Officer. Mr. Roberts has a law degree from the University of Virginia Law School and a B.S, in Electrical Engineering and an
M.B.A., both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His M.B.A. was concentrated in Finance and Management of Technology. He started
his career working for Raytheon Co. (a Fortune 500 company). Thereafter, he practiced law at two large NYC law firms. Since leaving the
private practice of law, Mr. Roberts has worked primarily in financial management roles with a number of government contractors in the
aerospace, defense and Information technology sectors. 

   

 Mr. Roberts has more than 37 years’ experience
in public and private corporate finance and government contracting, including professional services, software products, and hardware manufacturing
businesses. Mr. Roberts has served as the Chief Financial Officer of both public and private companies during the course of his career,
including Secure Point Technologies, Systems Made Simple, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Leidos), Integral Systems Inc. (a publicly company
traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “ISYS.” now a subsidiary of Kratos), and Pearson Analytic Solutions (now a subsidiary of
General Dynamics). From 2012 to November 2016, he worked first as the CFO, and later as the President of Systems Made Simple, Inc., a
wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos. Mr. Roberts is a co-author of Antitrust for Business, and has published articles on antitrust and patent
law, space policy, information technology, and corporate finance. 

    

 William J. McGann, Chief Operating Officer
and Chief Technology Officer 

   

 Mr. McGann, age 63, is the Chief Technology Officer
for the Security, Detection and Automation business at Leidos Corporation. Central to his role is the creation of innovative customer
solutions driven by a strong portfolio of physics, chemistry, and software-based products. Mr. McGann has a strong, directed passion for
transforming credible science into practical technology solutions in solving some of the world’s greatest challenges. Prior to joining
Leidos, Mr. McGann held numerous business and technology leadership positions and roles including: (a) Founder of the first explosives
trace detection company, Ion Track Instruments, (b) Chief Technology Officer for GE Security, (c) VP of Engineering for United Technologies
Fire and Security business, (d) CEO and board member of Implant Sciences Corp., and (e) Chief Technology Officer at L3Harris Aviation
Security and Detection business. Mr. McGann holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Physics from the University of Connecticut and undergraduate degrees
in Chemistry and Biology. 

   

 

 
     38 
       
     

   

 Bertrand Velge, Director 

   

 Mr. Velge, age 62, is the Managing Director of
Graftyset, Ltd., a privately held company based in the United Kingdom. Graftyset is a wholesale distributor of wine, beer and other alcoholic
and non-alcoholic beverage, based in Sidcup, Kent (UK). Mr. Velge has served as Managing Director since the company was incorporated in
2003 under the name of Otterden Vintners, Ltd. Mr. Velge also served as Director for Aliunde Ltd. since 2005. Mr. Velge has over twenty
years of experience in multi-disciplinary venture investing and was managing director and co-founder of a fund that trades equities in
Europe, Asia and the US focusing on IPOs. He speaks English, Flemish and French, and is a graduate of the Universite Catholique de Louvain. 

   

 Robert Fagenson, Director 

   

 Mr. Fagenson serves as a member of the board of
directors of National Holdings Corporation (“NHS”) since March 2012. He serves as vice chairman of the board of directors
of NHS since September 2016. Mr. Fagenson previously served as co-chief executive officer of NHS from January 3, 2017 to January 31, 2017,
as chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of NHS from December 2014 to September 2016, and as executive vice-chairman
of the board of directors of NHS from July 2012 to December 2014. Mr. Fagenson has been a branch owner at NHS, an operating company of
NHS, since 2012, and president of Fagenson & Co., Inc., a family investment company, since 1982. Mr. Fagenson spent the majority of
his career at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), where he was managing partner of one of the exchange’s largest specialist firms.
While at the NYSE, Mr. Fagenson served as a governor on the trading floor and was elected to the NYSE board of directors in 1993, where
he served for six years, eventually becoming vice chairman of the NYSE board of directors from 1998 to 1999 and 2003 to 2004. Mr. Fagenson
has served as director of the New York City Police Museum since 2005, and as director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association
Foundation since 2009. He has also served on the board of directors of Sigma Alpha Mu Foundation since 2011 and on the board of directors
of New York Edge since 2015. In addition, Mr. Fagenson served as the non-executive chairman of Document Security Systems, Inc. from 2012
to 2018 (NYSEMKT: DSS). He is currently a member of the alumni boards of the Whitman School of Business at Syracuse University. 

    

 Mr. Fagenson received his B.S. in Transportation
Sciences & Finance from Syracuse University in 1970. The Board believes that Mr. Fagenson’s experience in the securities industry
and knowledge of the Company as its former chief executive officer qualifies him to serve as a member of the board. 

   

 Michael Turmelle, Director 

   

 Mr. Turmelle has served on the board of directors
of Ideal Power Inc. since December 2017. Since January 2018, Mr. Turmelle has served as the Managing Director of Hayward Tyler, which
he joined in February 2015. Hayward Tyler designs, manufactures and services performance-critical electric motors and pumps to meet the
most demanding of applications for the global energy industry, as both an original equipment manufacturer supplier and trusted partner.
Previously, Mr. Turmelle ran his own consulting company working with start-ups and turn-arounds in the areas of renewable energy, medical
and other advanced technologies. Mr. Turmelle has served on numerous Board of Directors including the Board of Directors of Implant Sciences
Corp., an explosive and narcotic trace detection company, where he served as Chairman of the Board from 2015 to 2017. Mr. Turmelle was
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of SatCon. Mr. Turmelle was also on the Board
of Directors of Beacon Power, a SatCon spin-off company dealing in flywheel energy storage. Mr. Turmelle has a BA in Economics from Amherst
College and is a graduate of General Electric’s Financial Management Program. Mr. Turmelle brings to our Board years of public company
executive experience as well as extensive experience in finance and operations and in the field of electrical technology. 

   

 

 
     39 
       
     

   

 Family Relationships. 

   

 There are no family relationships between any
of our directors or executive officers. 

   

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

   

 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company’s executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of the Company’s common stock, to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. 

   

 Based solely on the Company’s review of
the copies of such Forms and written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that all filings required to
be made by the Company’s Section 16(a) reporting persons during the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 were made
on a timely basis, other than: a Form 3 filed by William J McGann on November 5, 2021, and a Form 3 filed by Robert B Fagenson on November
10, 2021, a Form 4 filed by Justin Schreiber on April 1, 2021, reporting purchases of 250,000 shares of common stock back to January 21,
2021, a Form 4 filed by Robert Liscouski on May 19, 2021, reporting exercise of options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock back
to April 26, 2021, and a Form 4 filed by Christopher Roberts on May 19, 2021, reporting exercise of options to purchase 400,000 shares
of common stock back to April 26, 2021. 
   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 The Company currently maintains a Code of Ethics
which applies to all directors, officers, and employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics can be found on our website at www.quantumcomputinginc.com. 

   

 Board Composition and Director Independence 

   

 Our board of directors consists of five members.
The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Company defines
“independent” as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards. 

   

 In making the determination of whether a member
of the board is independent, our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate
family and the Company, including those reported under the caption “ Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions ”.
The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with
a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions,
our board affirmatively determined that Bertrand Velge, Robert Fagenson and Michael Turmelle are qualified as independent and that they
have no material relationship with us that might interfere with his or her exercise of independent judgment. 

   

 

 
     40 
       
     

   

 Board Committees; Audit Committee Financial
Expert; Stockholder Nominations 

   

 Our board of directors has established an audit
committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each committee has its own charter, which is
available on our website at  www.quantumcomputing.com.  Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities
described below. 

    

 Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. 

   

 Bertrand Velge, Robert Fagenson and Michael Turmelle
are our independent directors. 

   

 The members of each committee are, as follows: 

   

 Audit Committee: Bertrand Velge, Robert Fagenson
and Michael Turmelle with Mr. Fagenson serving as the Chairman. Our Board has determined the Mr. Fagenson is currently qualified as an
“audit committee financial expert”, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Compensation Committee: Bertrand Velge, Robert
Fagenson and Michael Turmelle. Mr. Turmelle serves as Compensation Committee Chairman. 

   

 Nominating and Governance Committee: Bertrand
Velge, Robert Fagenson and Michael Turmelle. Mr. Velge serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

   

 Audit Committee 

   

 The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and
financial reporting processes and oversee the audit of our consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. The specific functions of this Committee include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     selecting and recommending to our board of directors the appointment of an independent registered public accounting firm and overseeing the engagement of such firm; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     approving the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     helping to ensure the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     overseeing the integrity of our financial statements; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     preparing an audit committee report as required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement; 
 

   

 

 
     41 
       
     

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     resolving any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing with management and the independent auditors any correspondence with regulators and any published reports that raise material issues regarding the Company’s accounting policies; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; and 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     overseeing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 
   
   

 Compensation Committee 

   

 Our Compensation Committee assists the board of
directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the board of directors and our executive officers. 

   

 The Committee’s compensation-related responsibilities
include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for our Chief Executive Officer; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing, approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for our other executive officers; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     determining the need for and the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive Officer or board of directors; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     providing oversight of management’s decisions concerning the performance and compensation of other company officers, employees, consultants and advisors; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing our incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such plans to our board of directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our board of directors with respect to the administration of such plans; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of independent directors, including incentive and equity-based compensation; and 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     selecting, retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate. 
   
   

 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

   

 The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee is to recommend to the board nominees for election as directors and persons to be elected to fill any vacancies on the board,
develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles and oversee the performance of the board. 

   

 

 
     42 
       
     

   

 The Committee’s responsibilities include: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     recommending to the board of directors nominees for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders and nominees to fill vacancies on the board; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     considering candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     overseeing the administration of the Company’s code of business conduct and ethics; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     reviewing with the entire board of directors, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria for board candidates and the composition of the board as a whole; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     the authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board candidates, approve the terms of the search firm’s engagement, and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm’s engagement fee; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     recommending to the board of directors on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee of the board of directors; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     overseeing an annual self-evaluation of the board of directors and its committees to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively; and 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     developing and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company. 
   
   

 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it deems appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is
authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors, and conduct or authorize investigations into any matter within the scope of
its duties. 

   

 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

   

 We have adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons performing similar functions. A copy of
that code is available on our corporate website at  www.quantumcomputing.com . We expect that any amendments to such code, or
any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. 

    

 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification
of Securities Act Liabilities 

   

 Our directors and officers are indemnified as
provided by the Delaware corporate law and our bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have
been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or
paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director,
officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by
it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

   

 

 
     43 
       
     

   

 We have been advised that in the opinion of the
SEC indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and
is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors,
officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel
the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to
a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. 

    

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

   

 Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Robert Liscouski,
was President of Implant Sciences Corporation, which filed a petition for bankruptcy on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court. 

   

 With the exception of
the foregoing, to the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 

   

 

 
     44 
       
     

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 
   
   

 Except as set forth in our discussion below in
“Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,” none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions
with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the Commission. 

     

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

   

 Summary Compensation Table 

   

 The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020. 

   

 2021 EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 

   

 
   
     Name and 
 Principal Position   
     Year     
     Salary 
 ($)     
     Bonus 
 ($)     
     Stock 
 Awards 
 ($)     
     Option 
 Awards 
 ($)     
     Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ($)     
     Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ($)     
     All Other 
 Compensation 
($)     
     Total 
 ($)   
   
     Robert Liscouski   
     2021     
       361,900     
       190,000     
       0     
       1,712,500     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       2,264,400   
   
     Chief Executive   
     2020     
       360,000     
       40,000     
       1,264,000     
       75,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       1,739,000   
   
     Officer (PEO)   
             
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
                    
             
                     
           
   
     Christopher Roberts   
     2021     
       214,170     
       0     
       0     
       2,740,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       2,954,170   
   
     Treasurer (PFO)   
     2020     
       202,750     
       0     
       1,264,000     
       45,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       1,511,750   
   
         
             
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     William J. McGann   
     2021     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       22,903     
       0     
       22,903   
   
     Chief Operating   
     2020     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0   
   
     Officer and Chief Technology Officer (1)   
             
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     David Morris,   
     2021     
       263,945     
       0     
       0     
       1,340,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       1,603,945   
   
     Chief Revenue   
     2020     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0   
   
     Officer   
             
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   

   

 
 (1) Mr. McGann was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of the
Company on January 3, 2022. 
 

   

 

 
     45 
       
     

   

 Employment Agreements and Change-in-Control Provisions 

   

 Executive Employment Agreements 

   

 Mr. Liscouski Employment Agreement 

   

 On April 26, 2021, Quantum Computing Inc. (the
“Company”) entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the “Liscouski Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement”) with Mr. Robert Liscouski, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The Liscouski Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement supersedes and replaces Mr. Liscouski’s prior employment agreement with the Company. The Liscouski Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement is for an initial term of three years and it will be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year terms at the
end of the initial term. The Liscouski Amended and Restated Employment Agreement may be terminated with or without cause. Mr. Liscouski
will receive an annual base salary of $400,000.00 and shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus of up to fifty percent (50%) of his
base salary. Mr. Liscouski shall also receive 150,000 stock options per annum to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, beginning
on the first anniversary of the Liscouski Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the “Liscouski Equity Compensation”).
The Liscouski Equity Compensation will vest over three years from date of its grant with one-third of the Liscouski Equity Compensation
vesting on the date of grant, and the remainder of the Liscouski Equity Compensation vesting in equal monthly installments thereafter.
To induce Mr. Liscouski to enter into the Liscouski Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, Mr. Liscouski received (i) 250,000 stock
options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (the “Liscouski Inducement Options”); and (ii) 250,000 stock options
to purchase shares of common stock of the Company pursuant the Company’s listing on Nasdaq. 

   

 Upon termination of Mr. Liscouski without cause,
or as a result of Mr. Liscouski’s resignation for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Liscouski Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement) the Company shall pay or provide to Mr. Liscouski severance pay equal to his then current monthly base salary for 12 months
from the date of termination and all stock options granted by the Company and then held by Mr. Liscouski shall be accelerated and become
fully vested and exercisable as of the date of Mr. Liscouski’s termination. 

   

 As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Liscouski
will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. 

   

 

 
     46 
       
     

   

 Mr. Roberts Employment Agreement 

   

 We entered into an employment agreement with Christopher
Roberts, our Chief Financial Officer, on April 26, 2021 (the “Roberts Employment Agreement”) whereby Mr. Roberts
is to provide the Company with financial and accounting and business strategy services. The agreement is for an indefinite term, subject
to periodic review by the Board of Directors, stipulates a base salary of $300,000 per year. For the fiscal year ending December 31,
2021 and for subsequent fiscal years, the Roberts Employment Agreement allows for an annual incentive bonus in the amount up to $150,000
per year, subject to Mr. Roberts achieving certain performance based milestones that are established by the Board of Directors. In
connection with the Roberts Employment Agreement, Mr. Roberts was issued options for 400,000 restricted shares of the Company’s
common stock in 2021. 

   

 Upon termination of Mr. Roberts without cause,
or as a result of Mr. Roberts’ resignation for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Roberts Employment Agreement) the Company
shall pay or provide to Mr. Roberts severance pay equal to his then current monthly base salary for 12 months from the date of termination
and all stock options granted by the Company and then held by Mr. Roberts shall be accelerated and become fully vested and exercisable
as of the date of Mr. Roberts’ termination. 

   

 As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Roberts
will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. 

   

 Mr. McGann Employment Agreement 

   

 We entered into an employment agreement with William
J. McGann, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer. Mr. McGann’s employment agreement is for an indefinite term
and may be terminated with or without cause. 

   

 Pursuant to the McGann Employment Agreement, Mr.
McGann will receive an annual base salary of $400,000. Mr. McGann shall be eligible to earn an annual cash bonus in an amount of up to
thirty seven and one half percent (37.5%) of Base Salary, subject to achieving certain performance milestones that are to be established
and approved by the Board. Pursuant to the McGann Employment Agreement, Mr. McGann was granted a stock option to purchase up to 535,000
shares of the Company’s common stock (the “McGann Stock Options”). The McGann Stock Options shall vest as follows (i)
178,333 options shall vest immediately upon grant (ii) 178,333 options shall vest on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant (iii),
178,334 options shall vest on the 24-month anniversary of the date of grant. Upon termination of Mr. McGann without cause, the Company
shall pay or provide to Mr. McGann severance pay equal to his then current monthly base salary for twelve (12) months from the date of
termination. As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. McGann will be eligible to participate in all of the Company’s benefit
programs. 

   

 Mr. Morris Employment Agreement 

   

 We entered into an employment agreement with David
Morris, our Chief Revenue Officer. Mr. Morris’s employment agreement (the “Morris Employment Agreement”) is for an initial
term of three years and it may be terminated with or without cause. 

   

 Pursuant to the Morris Employment Agreement, Mr.
Morris will receive an annual base salary of $415,000.00 and shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus subject to Mr. Morris achieving
the performance milestones set forth in the Morris Employment Agreement. Mr. Morris shall also receive 200,000 stock options to purchase
shares of common stock of the Company (the “Morris Options”), which shall vest as follows: (i) 50,000 options shall vest on
the first anniversary of the Morris Employment Agreement (ii) 50,000 shall vest on the second anniversary of the Morris Employment Agreement
(iii), 100,000 options shall vest on the third anniversary of the Morris Employment Agreement. Upon termination of Mr. Morris within twelve
(12) months after a Change of Control (as such term is defined in the Morris Employment Agreement), the Company shall pay or provide to
Mr. Morris severance pay equal to his then current monthly base salary for 6 months from the date of termination. 

   

 

 
     47 
       
     

   

 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
End 

   

 The following table sets forth information regarding
equity awards held by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2021: 

   

 
   
         
     Option Awards(1)     
     Stock Awards   
   
     Name   
     Number of   Securities   Underlying   Unexercised   Options,   Exercisable   (#)     
     Number of   Securities   Underlying   Unexercised   Options, Not   Exercisable   (#)     
     Option  Exercise   Price  ($)     
     Option  Expiration   Date     
     Number of   Shares or   Units of   Stock That   Have Not   Vested   (#)     
     Market   Value of   Shares or   Units of   Stock That   Have Not   Vested   ($)   
   
     Robert Liscouski   
       25,000     
       50,000     
       1.00     
       May 1 2025     
       200,000     
       682,000   
   
     Robert Liscouski   
       250,000     
       0     
       6.85     
       April 26, 2026     
             
           
   
     Christopher Roberts   
       15,000     
       30,000     
       1.00     
       May 1, 2025     
       200,000     
       682,000   
   
     Christopher Roberts   
       150,000     
       250,000     
       6.85     
       April 26, 2026     
             
           
   
     William J. McGann   
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0   
   
     David Morris   
       0     
       200,000     
       6.70     
       April 29, 2026     
       0     
       0   
   

   

 Director Compensation   

   

 The Company’s independent directors received
compensation of $5,000 per quarter for their services as directors in fiscal year 2021. 

   

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

   

 The following table sets forth certain information
as of March 11, 2022 concerning the beneficial ownership of common stock for: (i) each director and director nominee, (ii) each Named
Executive Officer in the Summary Compensation Table under “Executive Compensation” above, (iii) all executive officers and
directors as a group, and (iv) each person (including any “group” as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act) known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock. The address for each of the persons below who are beneficial
owners of 5% or more of our common stock is our corporate address at 215 Depot Court SE #215, Leesburg, VA 20175.  
   

 

 
     48 
       
     

   

 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and is calculated based on 29,156,815 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 11, 2022.
Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, preferred stock or other securities convertible into common stock that are currently
exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 11, 2022, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of the person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of any other person. 
   

 Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we
believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own. 

    

 The following table sets forth, as of March 11,
2022, the number of shares of common stock owned of record and beneficially by our executive officers, directors and persons who hold
5% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 
   

 The amounts and percentages of our common stock
beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the
SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,”
which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power
to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which
that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right.
Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial
owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the
table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our common stock. Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: c/o Quantum Computing Inc., 215 Depot Court SE #215,
Leesburg, VA 20175. 

   

 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 29,156,815
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 11, 2022. In computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person
and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of Common Stock as held by that person or entity that
are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days of March 11, 2022. 
   

 

 
     49 
       
     

   


 
   
     Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
     Common Stock Owned Beneficially     
     Percent of Class   
   
     Named Executive Officers and Directors   
           
         
   
     Robert Liscouski, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1)   
       1,287,500     
       4.37   
   
     Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial Officer (2)   
       890,000     
       3.04   
   
     William J. McGann (3)   
       178,333     
       0.61   
   
     David Morris (4)   
       0     
       0   
   
     Bertrand Velge (5)   
       2,167,888     
       7.44   
   
     Robert Fagenson (6)   
       100,000     
       0.34   
   
     Michael Turmelle (7)   
       0     
       0   
   
     All directors and officers as a group (7 persons)   
       4,623,721     
       15.80   
   
     5% or greater shareholders (none)   
       0     
       0   
   
         
             
           
   
     Total   
       4,623,721     
       15.80   
   


   

 * Less than 1% 

   

 (1) Includes 1,012,500 shares of common stock
and 275,000 vested options to purchase shares of common stock. 

   

 (2) Includes 725,000 shares of common stock and
165,000 vested options to purchase shares of common stock 

   

 (3) Includes 175,333 vested options to purchase
shares of common stock. 

   

 (4) Includes 0 shares of common stock and unvested
options to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock. 

   

 (5) Includes 2,167,888 shares of common stock. 

   

 (6) Includes 100,000 shares of common stock. 

   

 (7) Includes 0 shares of common stock. 

   

 Changes in Control 

   

 We are not aware of any arrangements that may
result in “changes in control” as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.  

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

   

 On February 19, 2019,
the Board of Directors adopted the 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) which provides for the
issuance of up to 1,500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, The principal purpose of the Plan is to provide an incentive to
designated employees, certain consultants and advisors who perform services for us and non-employee directors to contribute to our growth
by continuing to align the interests of participants with the interests of our stockholders. The Plan was approved by a majority of the
shareholders in September 2019. 

   

 On July 22, 2021, the
Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Plan (the “Amended Plan”) to increase the maximum number of shares of the
Company’s common stock available for issuance under the Plan to 3,000,000 shares. The Amended Plan was approved by a majority of
the shareholders in November 2021. 

   

 

 
     50 
       
     

   

 The table below sets forth certain information
as of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 regarding the shares of our common stock available for grant or granted under our equity
compensation plan. 

   

 
   
     Plan Category   
     Number of   securities to   be issued upon  exercise of   outstanding  options     
     Weighted-average   exercise price of   outstanding  options     
     Number of securities  available for  future   issuance   under equity   compensation   plans   
   
     Equity compensation plan approved by security holders - 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, as amended   
       1,500,000     
     $ 1.63     
       1,500,000   
   
     Equity compensation not approved by shareholders (1)   
       3,696,640     
     $ 5.40     
       -   
   

   

 
   
     1) 
     In addition to the stock options issued pursuant to the Plan, the Company has issued 3,696,640 non-qualified stock options to employees and advisors outside of the Plan with a weighted average price of $5.40. The total number of stock options issued and outstanding as of March 11, 2022 is 5,575,528. 
   

   

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.  

   

 The following is a summary of transactions since
January 1, 2019 to which we have been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $162,761 (one percent of
the average of our total assets at year-end for our last two completed fiscal years) and in which any of our directors, executive officers
or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing a household
with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements that are
described under the section captioned “Executive compensation.” 

   

 Other than as disclosed below, there have been
no transactions involving the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions, in which the
Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company’s total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest. 

   

 To finance the acquisition of the control block
of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent) $275,000,
in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”) in the total amount of $275,000. Convergent, a Virginia
limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who is the CEO and currently the majority shareholder of the Company.
To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the Company assumed the “Promissory Notes” in the total amount of
$275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”). The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes are collectively the “Convergent
Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities assumed by the Company were exchanged for Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company
for $275,000 (the same amount that Convergent had issued them for). The Convertible Promissory Notes were convertible into common stock
of the Company at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. As of December 31, 2021 all of the Convertible Promissory Notes had been converted
to common stock. 

   

 

 
     51 
       
     

   

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

   

 BF Borgers CPA PC served as our independent registered
public accountants for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. 

   

 Audit Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020, we were billed approximately $46,800 and $43,200, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent
auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

   

 Tax Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020, there were $1,900 and $1,600 for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax
advice, and tax planning. 

   

 All Other Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020, we were billed approximately $0 and $5,400, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent auditors
related to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 and amendments thereto filed with the SEC in those years.  

   

 Pre-Approval Policies 

   

 All of the
above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire Board. No services were performed before or without approval.   

   


 
     52 
       
     

   

 PART IV 

   

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

   

 
   
     Exhibit 
       
       
       
     Reference 
       
     Filed
    or Furnished 
   
     Number 
       
     Exhibit Description 
       
     Form 
       
     Exhibit 
       
     Filing Date 
       
     Herewith 
   
     3.1(i) 
       
     Articles of Incorporation, as amended through April 17, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     3.1(i) 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     3.1(ii) 
       
     Certificate of Designations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
       
     8-K 
       
     3.1 
       
     11/17/2021 
       
       
   
     3.1(iii) 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Quantum Computing Inc., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 16, 2021 
       
     8-K 
       
     3.1 
       
     12/17/2021 
       
       
   
     3.2(i) 
       
     By-laws 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     3.2(i) 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     4.1 
       
     Common Stock Specimen 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     4.1 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     4.2 
       
     Form of 8% Convertible Promissory Note 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     4.2 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     4.3 
       
     Form of Promissory Note, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     10/18/2019 
       
       
   
     4.4 
       
     Description of Securities 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     10.1* 
       
     Robert Liscouski Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.1 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.2* 
       
     Christopher Roberts Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.2 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.3* 
       
     Sergey Shuster Employment Agreement dated February 28, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.3 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.4* 
       
     Richard Malinowski Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.4 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.6 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.6 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.7 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.7 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.8 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     10.8 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     10.9 
       
     2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan 
       
     S-1/A  
       
     10.8 
       
     11/22/2019 
       
       
   
     10.10 
       
     Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     10/18/2019  
       
       
   
     10.11 
       
     Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     10/18/2019  
       
       
   
     10.11 
       
     Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.4 
       
     10/18/2019  
       
       
   
     10.12 
       
     Securities Purchase Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.13 
       
     Convertible Promissory Note 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.14 
       
     Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.15 
       
     Equity Purchase Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.4 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.16 
       
     Registration Rights Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.5 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.17 
       
     Paycheck Protection Program Note, dated May 6, 2020, issued to BB&T/Truist Bank N.A. 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.18 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated February 14, 2020 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     02/25/2020 
       
       
   
     10.19 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     08/03/2020 
       
       
   
     10.20 
       
     Form Warrant 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     08/03/2020 
       
       
   
     10.21 
       
     Form Stock Purchase Agreement 
       
     10-Q 
       
     10.3 
       
     11/13/2020 
       
       
   
     10.22 
       
     Form Warrant 
       
     10-Q 
       
     10.4 
       
     11/13/2020 
       
       
   
     10.23 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     12/08/2020 
       
       
   
     10.24 
       
     Form Director Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     02/23/2021 
       
       
   
     10.25 
       
     Form Securities Purchase Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     11/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.26 
       
     Form of Warrant 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     11/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.27 
       
     Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     11/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.28 
       
     Form Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     12/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.29 
       
     Form Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     12/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.30* 
       
     William McGann Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     01/03/2022 
       
       

 
     10.31* 
       
     Amended and restated Employment Agreement, dated April 26, 2021, by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Robert Liscouski 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     04/30/2021 
       
       
   
     10.32* 
       
     Christopher Roberts Employment Agreement dated April 26, 2021 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     04/30/2021 
       
       
   
     10.33* 
       
     David Morris Employment Agreement dated April 29, 2021 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     04/30/2021 
       
       

 
     21.1 
       
     List of Subsidiaries 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     31.1 
       
     Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X  
   
     31.2 
       
     Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     32.1 
       
     Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.** 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     32.2 
       
     Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.** 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     101.INS 
       
     Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     101.SCH 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     101.CAL 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     101.DEF 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     101.LAB 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     101.PRE 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
   
     104 
       
     Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
       
       
       
     X 
   
   

   

 
   
     * 
     Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
   
   


 
     53 
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
   
     Date: March 15, 2022 
     Quantum Computing Inc. 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     By: 
     /s/ Robert Liscouski 
   
       
       
     Robert Liscouski 
   
       
       
     Chief Executive Officer 
   
   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on
the dates indicated. 

   

 
   
     Name 
       
     Capacity 
       
     Date 
   
     /s/ Robert Liscouski 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer 
       
     March 15, 2022 
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Christopher Roberts 
       
     Chief Financial Officer 
       
     March 15, 2022 
   
     Christopher Roberts 
       
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Michael Turmelle 
       
     Director 
       
     March 15, 2022 
   
     Michael Turmelle 
       
       
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Bertrand Velge 
       
     Director 
       
     March 15, 2022 
   
     Bertrand Velge 
       
       
       
       

 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Robert Fagenson 
       
     Director 
       
     March 15, 2022 
   
     Robert Fagenson 
       
       
       
       
   
   


 
     54 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

   

 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 December 31, 2021 and 2020 

   

   

   

   

 
       
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Index to the Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 

   

     Description       Page     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID  5041 )       F-2     Audited Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020       F-3     Audited Statement of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020       F-4     Audited Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020       F-5     Audited Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021       F-6     Audited Statement of Cash Flows for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020       F-7     Notes to the Audited Financial Statements       F-8   

   


 
     F- 1 
       
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

   

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Quantum Computing, Inc. 

   

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

   

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Quantum Computing, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations, stockholders’
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

   

 Basis for Opinion 

   

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

   

 BF Borgers CPA PC 

   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2019 

 Lakewood , CO 

 March 15, 2022 

 

   

 

 
     F- 2 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.  

 Balance Sheets 

 (Audited) 

   

 
   
         
     December 31,     
     December 31,   
   
         
     2020     
     2020   
   
     ASSETS   
           
         
   
         
           
         
   
     Current assets   
           
         
   
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 16,738,657     
     $ 15,196,322   
   
     Prepaid expenses   
       482,998     
       40,773   
   
     Lease right-of-use   
       18,084     
       -   
   
         Security deposits   
       3,109     
       -   
   
     Fixed assets (net of depreciation)   
       41,348     
       30,956   
   
     Total assets   
     $ 17,284,196     
     $ 15,268,051   
   
         
             
           
   
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)   
             
           
   
         
             
           
   
     Current liabilities   
             
           
   
     Accounts payable   
     $ 464,870     
     $ 366,706   
   
     Accrued expenses   
       478,505     
       108,130   
   
     Lease liability   
       18,084     
       -   
   
     Dividends payable-preferred   
       117,454     
       -   
   
     Loans payable   
       -     
       218,371   
   
     Other current liabilities   
       3,385     
       -   
   
     Convertible promissory notes   
       -     
       -   
   
     Total liabilities   
       1,082,298     
       693,207   
   
         
             
           
   
     Stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
             
           
   
     Common stock, $ 0.0001  par value,  250,000,000  shares authorized;  29,156,815  and  27,966,096  shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively   
       2,916     
       2,797   
   
     Preferred stock, $ 0.0001  par value,  1,550,000  shares Series A Convertible Preferred authorized;  1,545,459  and  0  shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively   
       154     
       0   
   
     Additional paid-in capital   
       67,396,618     
       47,744,803   
   
     APIC-Beneficial Conversion Feature in Equity   
       4,898,835     
       4,898,835   
   
     APIC-Stock Based Compensation   
       25,297,456     
       15,423,644   
   
     Subscription Receivable   
       -     
       -   
   
     Accumulated deficit   
       ( 81,394,081 )   
       ( 53,495,235 ) 
   
     Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
       16,201,898     
       14,574,844 ) 
   
     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
     $ 17,284,196     
     $ 15,268,051   
   

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 3 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.  

 Statement of Operations 

 (Audited) 

   

 
   
         
     Twelve Months Ended   
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2021     
     2020   
   
     Total revenue   
     $ -     
     $ -   
   
     Cost of revenue   
       -     
       -   
   
     Gross profit   
       -     
       -   
   
     Salaries and Benefits   
       2,488,877     
       642,676   
   
     Consulting   
       1,076,901     
       1,683,412   
   
     Research & Development   
       2,585,796     
       1,539,517   
   
     Stock Based Compensation   
       9,401,345     
       11,177,111   
   
     Related Party Marketing   
       -     
       140,698   
   
     Selling General & Administrative -Other   
       1,577,174     
       2,159,593   
   
     Operating expenses   
       17,130,093     
       17,343,007   
   
         
             
           
   
     Loss from Operations   
       ( 17,130,093 )   
       ( 17,343,007 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Other Income and Expense   
             
           
   
     Interest Income – Money Market   
       7,378     
       27   
   
     Misc. Income – Legal Settlements   
       -     
       425,000   
   
     Misc. Income – Government Grants   
       218,371     
       17,500   
   
     Interest Expense – Promissory Notes   
       -     
       ( 226,699 ) 
   
     Interest Expense - Beneficial conversion feature   
       -     
       ( 100,000 ) 
   
     Interest Expense –Warrants   
       ( 10,715,799 )   
       ( 2,806,219 ) 
   
     Interest Expense – Derivatives mark to market   
       -     
       980,730   
   
     Interest Expense – Preferred dividends   
       ( 117,454 )   
       -   
   
     Interest Expense – Financing expenses   
       ( 161,250 )   
       ( 5,681,612 ) 
   
     Net Other income (expense)   
       ( 10,768,754 )   
       ( 7,391,273 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Federal income tax expense   
       -     
       -   
   
         
             
           
   
     Net loss   
     $ ( 27,898,847 )   
     $ ( 24,734,280 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Weighted average shares - basic and diluted   
       29,156,815     
       27,966,096   
   
     Loss per share - basic and diluted   
     $ ( 0.96 )   
     $ ( 0.88 ) 
   

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 4 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 

 (Audited) 

   

 
   
         
     Common Stock     
     Additional Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
   
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
   
         
           
           
           
           
         
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2019   
       7,362,046     
     $ 736     
     $ 25,947,926     
     $ ( 28,760,955 )   
     $ ( 2,812,293 ) 
   
         
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Issuance of shares for cash   
       12,492,318     
       1,249     
       20,754,091     
       -     
       20,755,340   
   
     Issuance of shares for debt conversion   
       4,429,054     
       443     
       1,952,131     
             
       1,952,574   
   
     Issuance of shares for services   
       1,067,678     
       107     
       5,230,066     
       -     
       5,230,173   
   
     Beneficial Conversion Feature   
       -     
       -     
       100,000     
       -     
       100,000   
   
     Subscription Receivable   
       -     
       -     
       100,000     
       -     
       100,000   
   
     Derivatives & Warrants   
       -     
       -     
       2,806,219     
       -     
       2,806,219   
   
     Stock Options   
             
             
       1,300,168     
       -     
       1,300,168   
   
     Stock based compensation   
       2,615,000     
       262     
       9,876,681     
       -     
       9,876,943   
   
     Net loss   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       ( 24,734,280 )   
       ( 24,734,280 ) 
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2020   
       27,966,096     
     $ 2,797     
     $ 68,067,282     
     $ ( 53,495,235 )   
     $ 14,574,844   
   

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 5 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

    

 

 
   
         
     Common Stock     
     Preferred Stock     
     Additional Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
   
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
   
         
           
           
           
           
           
           
         
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2020   
       27,966,096     
     $ 2,797     
       0     
       0     
     $ 68,067,282     
     $ ( 53,495,235 )   
     $ 14,574,844   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Issuance of shares for cash   
       180,000     
       18     
       1,545,459     
       154     
       8,936,077     
       -     
       8,936,249   
   
     Issuance of shares for debt conversion   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
             
       -   
   
     Issuance of shares for services   
       1,010,719     
       101     
             
             
       1,764,022     
       -     
       1,764,123   
   
     Beneficial Conversion Feature   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
       -     
       -   
   
     Subscription Receivable   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
       -     
       -   
   
     Derivatives & Warrants   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       10,715,799     
       -     
       10,715,799   
   
     Stock Options   
             
             
             
             
       8,109,729     
       -     
       8,109,729   
   
     Stock based compensation   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
       -     
       -   
   
     Net loss   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
       ( 27,898,846 )   
       ( 27,898,846 ) 
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2021   
       29,156,815     
     $ 2,916     
       1,545,459     
       154     
     $ 97,592,909     
     $ ( 81,394,081 )   
     $ 16,201,898   
   
   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 6 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.  

 Statement of Cash Flows 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 and
2020 

 (Audited) 

   

 
   
         
     Twelve Months Ended   
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2021     
     2020   
   
     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
     Net loss   
     $ ( 27,898,847 )   
     $ ( 24,734,280 ) 
   
     Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash   
             
           
   
     Prepaid Expenses   
       ( 442,224 )   
       ( 19,224 ) 
   
     Depreciation   
       8,998     
       6,613   
   
     Accounts Payable   
       98,164     
       148,445   
   
     Accrued Expenses   
       487,828     
       ( 44,417 ) 
   
     Derivative Mark to Market   
       -     
       ( 980,730 ) 
   
     Stock Based Compensation   
       10,203,853     
       11,176,850   
   
     Warrant Expense   
       10,715,799     
       2,806,219   
   
     Beneficial Conversion Feature   
             
       100,000   
   
     Lease Liability and other   
       21,469     
       -   
   
     CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
       ( 6,804,960 )   
       ( 11,540,524 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
       CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
             Fixed Assets – Computer Software and Equipment   
       ( 19,391 )   
       ( 11,973 ) 
   
             Other Assets – Lease Right to Use   
       ( 18,084 )   
       -   
   
             Other Assets – Security Deposits   
       ( 3,109 )   
       -   
   
     CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
       ( 40,584 )   
       ( 11,973 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
         
             
           
   
     Issuance (repayment/conversion) of Convertible Promissory Notes   
       -     
       ( 1,609,000 ) 
   
     Proceeds from loans   
       ( 218,371 )   
       218,371   
   
     Subscription Receivable   
       -     
       100,000   
   
     Proceeds from stock issuance   
       8,606,250     
       27,938,348   
   
     CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
       8,387,879     
       26,647,719   
   
         
             
           
   
     Net increase (decrease) in cash   
       1,542,335     
       15,095,222   
   
         
             
           
   
     Cash, beginning of period   
       15,196,322     
       101,100   
   
         
             
           
   
     Cash, end of period   
     $ 16,738,657 ,     
     $ 15,196,322 ,   
   
         
             
           
   
     SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES   
             
           
   
     Cash paid for interest   
     $ -     
     $ 1,465,438   
   
     Cash paid for income taxes   
     $ -     
     $ -   
   
     NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
     Lease Right to Use   
     $ ( 18,084 )   
     $ -   
   
         
             
           
   
     NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
     Note payable issued in exchange for a Subscription receivable   
       -     
       ( 100,000 ) 
   
     Common stock issued for compensation   
       ( 1,764,123 )   
       ( 11,176,850 ) 
   
     Conversion of Convertible Promissory Notes to Common Stock   
       -     
       ( 1,672,055 ) 
   

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 7 
       
     

 

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 Note 1 –  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies:   

 

 Organization:   

 

  Quantum Computing Inc., formerly known as
Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) was the surviving entity as the result of
a merger between Ticketcart, Inc. and Innovative Beverage Group, Inc., both Nevada corporations. Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. was the
surviving entity as the result of a merger between Kat-A-Tonic Distributing, Inc., a Texas corporation and United European Holdings, Ltd.,
a Nevada Corporation. In 2021 the Company established three wholly owned subsidiaries, Qubitech, Inc., Qubittech Federal, Inc. and Qubittech
International, Inc., all of which are Delaware corporations. At this time there are no personnel, assets or liabilities associated with
any of the subsidiaries.   

 

 History   

 

 Quantum Computing Inc. (“QCI” or the
“Company”), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart, Inc. Ticketcart’s original business
plan involved in the sale of ink-jet cartridges online. Ticketcart offered remanufactured and compatible cartridges for Hewlett-Packard,
Epson, Lexmark, and Canon inkjet printers. On July 25, 2007, Ticketcart, Inc. acquired Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. and changed its
name to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. (“IBGH”) to better reflect its business operations at the time which was
beverage distribution and product development. In 2013, IBGH ceased operations. On May 22, 2017, one of IBGH’s shareholders, William
Alessi (the “Plaintiff”), filed suit against the Company alleging “(1) fraud; and (2) breach of fiduciary duties of
care, loyalty and good faith to the Corporation’s shareholders.”   Mr. Alessi’s complaint alleged that the
officers and directors of IBGH had abandoned it and allowed the Company’s assets to be wasted, causing injury to the Company and
its shareholders.   Mr. Alessi sought damages of $ 30,000  for each claim, plus reimbursement of filing costs of $ 1,000 , and the
appointment of a Receiver for the Company.    

 

 On August 28, 2017, the North Carolina Court,
Superior Court Division (the “North Carolina Court”), entered a default judgment for Plaintiff and appointed an exclusive
Receiver (the “Receiver”) over the Company. The default judgment provided that Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. was
(i) to issue to the Plaintiff  18,500,000  shares of free-trading stock without registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, (ii) issue  100,000,000  shares of stock to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s treasury, and (iii) that
the receivership be terminated upon any change of control, and that any and all claims against Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.
that were not submitted to the Receiver as of September 16, 2017, were disallowed. On October 4, 2017 the Receiver filed Articles of Incorporation
in North Carolina for Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (“IBGH North Carolina”).
On October 26, 2017, Innovative Beverage Group, redomiciled to North Carolina.   

 

 On January 22, 2018, while the Company was in
receivership, the Company (acting through the court-appointed receiver in her capacity as CEO and sole Director of the Company) sold  500,000 
shares (the “CRG Shares”) of its common stock to Convergent Risk Group (“CRG” or “Convergent Risk”),
an entity owned and operated by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert Liscouski, for $ 155,000 . On February 21, 2018, by
written consent of the majority shareholder (Convergent Risk), Mr. Robert Liscouski (the Chief Executive Officer of Convergent Risk) and
Mr. Christopher Roberts were elected as members of the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Liscouski was simultaneously elected as
Chairman of the Board. The majority shareholder also directed the Company to take the necessary action to change its domicile from North
Carolina to Delaware and change its name to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 21, 2018 the Company filed Articles of Conversion in North
Carolina to convert the Company to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 22, 2018 the Company
filed a Certificate of Conversion in Delaware to convert to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. and
re-domiciled to the state of Delaware on February 23, 2018.   

 

 

 
     F- 8 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 Nature of Business   

 

 The Company is a developer of quantum computing
software offering ready-to-run software for complex optimization computations. The Company was founded in 2018 by leaders in supercomputing,
mathematics, and massively parallel programming to solve the enormous challenge with quantum computing in terms of the high cost and lengthy
times required for quantum software development. While much of the market focuses on Quantum Processing Unit (QPU) hardware, QCI’s
experts realized that the quantum marketplace and vendors were limiting access to quantum computers due to the complexity of programming
them. At the present time, only a very limited number of highly specialized quantum experts are able to use software development toolkits
(“SDKs”) to create these critical programs and applications.   

 

 The Company’s flagship software solution,
Qatalyst, is the industry’s only quantum application accelerator. It ensures that today’s SMEs can continue to create and
solve the complex computations demanded by organizations to optimize supply chains, logistics, emergency responses, clinical trials, and
more. Qatalyst software masks the complexity of quantum programming via the Q API (Qatalyst Application Programming Interface), a powerful
API comprised of six function calls for complex computations. Instead of spending months or years developing new applications and workflows
requiring complex and extremely low-level coding, users or applications can submit a problem to Qatalyst after licensing the software,
via the Q API. In practice, users have utilized Qatalyst’s simple API and familiar constructs to solve their first complex problem
within a week, as compared to the 6-12 months or more associated with writing a single quantum software program using vendor toolkits.   

 

 The Company is focused on solving real-world problems
with Qatalyst, including supply chain and logistics optimization and crisis management, as well as community detection opportunities such
as drug discovery and fraud detection.   

 

 The Company is actively
partnering with quantum computing leaders in both hardware and software. As an Amazon AWS partner, the Company uses the AWS Braket service
to connect to multiple quantum computers, including Rigetti, DWave, and IonQ. The same problem can be submitted to any of these QPUs or
classical processing units (CPUs) with no need for API call changes. Users seamlessly can submit the same problem to diverse quantum computers
(QPUs) to determine which QPU will provide the best answers to their complex problem.   

 

 The Company believes that the development of real-world
use cases, not just science projects, is critical to the forward momentum of quantum computing as a practical technology. To that end,
the Company has created an internally funded program called QikStart. It will provide access to Qatalyst and cloud-based resources, experts,
and funding to explore quantum applications to push the boundaries of quantum computing for delivering practical business results, right
now.    

 

 

 
     F- 9 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 Strategy   

 

 While the majority of the quantum computing market
is focused on quantum computing hardware, the Company realized the traditional software development toolkit (“SDK”) approach
to creating quantum computing software is poorly suited for non-quantum experts, given the completely new programming paradigm.   

 

 This represents a significant barrier to entry
for companies looking to leverage novel quantum computing capabilities for their business needs. Utilizing quantum computers for real-world
problems requires an abstract blend of a wide range of computing and non-computing expertise, including:   

 

 
   
       
     ● 
     Subject
    Matter Expertise (SME): As with any problem, the first step is for a business expert to rigorously define and describe what information
    and/or results the business requires. 
     
 

 
   
       
     ● 
     Programming Excellence: In the classical computing world, a programmer will take the problem defined by a SME (subject matter expert) and implement it using standardized applications to run on the computer. In quantum computing, programmers are required to explicitly program it for the quantum computer they have access to, requiring a deep understanding of sophisticated areas of expertise as described below. 
     
 

 
   
       
     ● 
     Mathematics: The problems that are attractive for being solved using quantum computers require significant mathematical expertise to a) optimize the data and problem for quantum computers, b) create the quantum-specific algorithms and formulas required to solve the problem, c) iterate upon the results in a way that optimizes the performance, cost and quality of result. Mathematics is at the core of the many steps involved in quantum computing for optimizing, compressing and applying algorithms to the data for obtaining truly optimal results. 
     
 

 
   
       
     ● 
     Quantum Mechanics: Quantum Computing demands deep knowledge of the principles driving the computing itself. Unlike classical computers which utilize 0 or 1 bits, quantum computers utilize qubits, which leverage concepts of quantum mechanics such as probabilistic computation, superposition, and entanglement. Experts much understand these concepts to create the algorithms necessary to solve problems on a quantum computer. They must know how to “map” problems and their associated data into problems that are optimized in the specific way required for a quantum computer to accept and process the problem. 
     
 

 
   
       
     ● 
     Quantum Hardware Knowledge: QPUs (Quantum Processing Units) require that programmers manage the configuration, actions, and overall operations of all the underlying circuits utilized in solving the problem. For example, the programming to configure and access QPUs is low level and extremely complicated. This coding is proprietary to each vendor’s QPU idiosyncratic requirements, not to mention, unique to the specific count and version of QPUs in the system, right now. When the system is expended or a QPU upgraded, all the code has to be rewritten. 
     
 

 As one would expect given the dramatic differences
in quantum computer hardware architectures currently under development, quantum software requires a dramatic shift from classic software.
A user would have to literally have to create every single circuit, gate, algorithm, action and process in low level software. Moreover,
the collective requirements imposed upon companies looking to utilize quantum computers can require a training period of a year or longer,
even for a highly qualified subject matter expert. Consequently, the time, difficult and expense of hiring such a diverse and deeply knowledgeable
team to create quantum applications and workflows limits any organization’s ability to move forward quickly with the power of quantum
computing.   

 

 The Company’s strategic goals are as follows:   

 

 
   
       
     1) 
     Deliver production-ready software that de-risks the shift to quantum computing. 
     
 

 
   
       
     2) 
     Empower SMEs and programmers to access the power of quantum computing without the prerequisite quantum expertise. 
     
 

 
   
       
     3) 
     Eliminate the vendor lock-in created by the low-level coding required for individual QPUs by allowing users to freely select the best QPU for their specific problem with no low-level coding or programming changes. 
     
 

 
   
       
     4) 
     Deliver the best performance results (speed, quality and diversity) at the lowest cost for our users. 
     
 

 
   
       
     5) 
     Provide software and the required hardware in the cloud to make it simple and cost effective for organizations to begin leveraging quantum computing. 
     
 

 

 
     F- 10 
       
     

 

   

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 The Company’s fiscal year end is December 31.   

 

 Basis of Presentation:   

 

 The accompanying audited Balance Sheet as of December
31, 2021, and the unaudited interim financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial
information, the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, the accompanying audited, financial
statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the
cash flows and results of operations for the three and twelve months then ended. Such adjustments consisted only of normal recurring items.
The results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 are not necessarily indicative of the results for subsequent periods.   

 

 Accounting Changes   

 

 Except for the changes discussed below, Quantum
has consistently applied the accounting policies to all periods presented in these unaudited financial statements. The Company has evaluated
all recently implemented accounting standards and concluded that none currently apply to the Company.   

 

 Use of Estimates:   

 

 These financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Because a precise determination of assets
and liabilities, and correspondingly revenues and expenses, depends on future events, the preparation of financial statements for any
period necessarily involves the use of estimates and assumption an example being assumptions in valuation of stock options. Actual amounts
may differ from these estimates. These financial statements have, in management’s opinion, been properly prepared within reasonable
limits of materiality and within the framework of the accounting policies summarized below.   

 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 

 The Company’s policy is to present bank
balances under cash and cash equivalents, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses
in such accounts.   

 

 Operating Leases - ASC 842   

 

 On January 1, 2019, we adopted FASB Accounting
Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”) which requires the recognition of the right-of-use assets and
relating operating and finance lease liabilities on the balance sheet. As permitted by ASC 842, we elected the adoption date of January
1, 2019, which is the date of initial application. As a result, the consolidated balance sheet prior to January 1, 2019 was not restated,
continues to be reported under ASC Topic 840, Leases (“ASC 840”), which did not require the recognition of operating lease
liabilities on the balance sheet, and is therefore not comparative. Under ASC 842, all leases are required to be recorded on the balance
sheet and are classified as either operating leases or finance leases. The lease classification affects the expense recognition in the
income statement. Operating lease charges are recorded entirely in operating expenses. Finance lease charges are split, where amortization
of the right-of-use asset is recorded in operating expenses and an implied interest component is recorded in interest expense. The expense
recognition for operating leases and finance leases under ASC 842 is substantially consistent with ASC 840. As a result, there is no significant
difference in our results of operations presented in our consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income
for each period presented.   

 

 

 
     F- 11 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

   

 We lease substantially all our office space used
to conduct our business. For contracts entered into on or after the effective date, at the inception of a contract we assess whether the
contract is, or contains, a lease. Our assessment is based on (1) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset,
(2) whether we obtain the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the period, and (3) whether
we have the right to direct the use of the asset. At inception of a lease, we allocate the consideration in the contract to each lease
component based on its relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. Leases entered into prior to January 1, 2019 are accounted
for under ASC 840 and were not reassessed.   

 

 Leases are classified as either finance leases
or operating leases. A lease is classified as a finance lease if any one of the following criteria are met: (1) the lease transfers ownership
of the asset by the end of the lease term, (2) the lease contains an option to purchase the asset that is reasonably certain to be exercised,
(3) the lease term is for a major part of the remaining useful life of the asset or (4) the present value of the lease payments equals
or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the asset. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not meet any one of
these criteria. Substantially all our operating leases are comprised of office space leases and as of December 31, 2020 and September
30, 2021 we had no finance leases.   

 

 For all leases at the lease commencement date,
a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are recognized. The right-of-use asset represents the right to use the leased asset for the
lease term. The lease liability represents the present value of the lease payments under the lease. The Company is currently leasing space
in three locations, Leesburg, VA, Minneapolis, MN and Vancouver, BC, and we have recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
accordingly.   

 

 The right-of-use asset is initially measured at
cost, which primarily comprises the initial amount of the lease liability, plus any initial direct costs incurred, consisting mainly of
brokerage commissions, less any lease incentives received. All right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment. The lease liability is
initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, or if that rate
cannot be readily determined, our secured incremental borrowing rate for the same term as the underlying lease. For our real estate and
other operating leases, we use our secured incremental borrowing rate. For our finance leases, we use the rate implicit in the lease or
our secured incremental borrowing rate if the implicit lease rate cannot be determined.   

 

 Lease payments included in the measurement of
the lease liability comprise the following: the fixed noncancelable lease payments, payments for optional renewal periods where it is
reasonably certain the renewal period will be exercised, and payments for early termination options unless it is reasonably certain the
lease will not be terminated early.   

 

 Lease expense for operating leases consists of
the lease payments plus any initial direct costs, primarily brokerage commissions, and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
lease term.   

 

 Property and Equipment   

 

 Property and equipment are stated at cost or contributed
value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives,
and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired or sold are removed from the accounts and any differences between the
undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment.   

 

 Net Loss Per Share:   

 

 Net loss per share is based on the weighted average
number of common shares and common shares equivalents outstanding during the period. 

   

 

 
     F- 12 
       
     

 

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 Note 2 –  Federal Income Taxes:   

 

 The Company has made no provision for income taxes
because there have been no operations to date causing income for financial statements or tax purposes.   

 

 The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
has issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Number 109 (“SFAS 109”). “Accounting for Income Taxes”,
which requires a change from the deferred method to the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and
liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of “temporary differences” by applying enacted
statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing
assets and liabilities.   

 

 
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2021     
     2020   
   
     Net operating loss carry-forwards   
     $ 4,823,063     
     $ 2,841,745   
   
     Valuation allowance   
       ( 4,823,063 )   
       ( 2,841,745 ) 
   
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ -     
     $ -   
     

 

 At December 31, 2021, the Company had net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately $ 4,823,063 .   

 

 The Company experienced a change in control during
the 2018, 2019 and 2020 calendar years and therefore no more than an insignificant portion of this net operating allowance will ever be
used against future taxable income.   

 

 In early 2020, an outbreak of the novel strain
of coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged globally. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global
pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the United States. Subsequently, federal, state and local authorities issued mandates for
social distancing and working from home to delay the spread of the coronavirus, resulting in an overall decline in economic activity. 
The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company is not reasonably estimable at this time.  Management is currently evaluating the
recent introduction of the COVID-19 virus and the related government mandates, and their impact on the software industry and has concluded
that while it is reasonably possible that the virus and the associated government mandates restricting activity could have a negative
effect on the ability of the Company to meet with potential customers and to raise additional capital, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of these financial statements.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty, and the Company has not recorded any reserves relating to potential COVID-19 financial impacts.   

 

 On March 27, 2020, the United States enacted the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”), administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration
(the “SBA”) as a response to the economic uncertainty resulting from COVID-19. Congress amended the CARES Act on December
27, 2020. The CARES Act established the Paycheck Protection Program (the “PPP”) to loan money to small businesses to enable
them to continue to meet payroll obligations in the face of business interruptions and loss of revenue due to COVID-19 related restrictions.
The CARES Act also includes modifications for net operating loss carryovers and carrybacks, limitations of business interest expense deductions,
immediate refund of alternative minimum tax (AMT) credit carryovers as well as a technical correction to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of
2017, referred to herein as the U.S. Tax Act, for qualified improvement property. The CARES Act also provides for deferred payment of
the employer portion of social security taxes through the end of 2020, with  50 % of the deferred amount due December 31, 2021 and the remaining
 50 % due December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021,  the Company expects that the carryback of NOL’s will not have an impact on its
current tax attributes.   

 

 

 
     F- 13 
       
     

   

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 The Company elected not to implement the payroll
tax deferral program under the CARES Act, but did apply for a PPP loan. On May 6, 2020, the Company executed an unsecured promissory note
(the “Note”) with Truist Bank to evidence a loan to the Company in the amount of $ 218,371  under the Paycheck Protection Program
(the “PPP”) established under the CARES Act.   

 

 In accordance with the requirements of the CARES
Act, the Company used the proceeds from the loan exclusively for qualified expenses under the PPP, including payroll costs and employee
benefits. The Company applied for forgiveness of the entire PPP loan balance and in June 2021 the SBA informed the Company that the full
balance of the PPP loan had been forgiven, along with accrued interest. Upon notification from the SBA that the PPP loan balance had been
forgiven, the Company reclassified the loan balance to other income. 

   

 Note 3 –  Financial Accounting Developments:   

 

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

 

 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise
discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial
position or results of operations upon adoption. The Company has evaluated the recently implemented accounting standards and concluded
that none currently apply to the Company. 

   

 

 
     F- 14 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   


 Note 4 –  Subscription Receivable   

 

 The Company assumed a promissory note from one
of the Initial Investors to Convergent Risk Group, LLC (see Note 8 – Related Parties) in the amount of $ 100,000 , which is payable
by the Initial Investor on or before December 31, 2020. The promissory note was issued in payment for a promissory note from Convergent
to the Initial Investor, which has also been assumed by the Company in exchange for a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $ 100,000 ,
convertible to Company common shares at a conversion price of $ 0.10  per share. If the promissory note is paid in full on or before December
31, 2020, the Company’s Convertible Promissory Note will convert and shares will be issued. If the promissory note is not paid in
full on or before December 31, 2020, the Company’s Convertible Promissory Note held by this investor will be cancelled, and no shares
will be issued.   

 

 In 2019 the Company engaged the Initial Investor
as a consultant to provide advisory services for a one-year period. Upon satisfactory completion of the agreed services in July 2020,
the Company deemed the services to be sufficiently valuable that in lieu of cash payment of invoice submitted the Company offset the invoice
against the balance of the promissory note, which has been deemed paid in full. The Initial Investor converted the full $ 100,000  of its
Convertible Promissory Note into  1,000,000  shares of common stock as of December 31, 2020. 

   

 Note 5 –  Property and Equipment   

 

 
   
         
     December 31,     
     December 31,   
   
     Classification   
     2021     
     2020   
   
     Hardware & Equipment   
     $ 59,717     
     $ 40,326   
   
     Software   
       0     
       0   
   
     Total cost of property and equipment   
       59,717     
       40,326   
   
     Accumulated depreciation   
       18,369     
       9,370   
   
     Property and equipment, net   
     $ 41,348     
     $ 30,956   
     

 

 The Company made Property and Equipment acquisitions
of $ 19,391  during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The Company depreciates computer equipment over a period of  five years . 

   

 Note 6 –  Convertible Promissory Notes and Loans   

 

 In May 2020 the Company raised $ 30,000  from three
stockholders in the form of short term, non-interest bearing, promissory notes, each in the amount of $ 10,000 . The promissory notes were
repaid by the Company prior to the December 31, 2020 maturity date.   

 

 In July 2020 the Company converted $ 100,000  principal
amount of Convertible Promissory Notes convertible at $ 0.10  into  1,000,000  restricted shares of common stock per the terms of the Convertible
Note subscription agreement the Company entered into in 2018 the accredited investor, currently a member of the Company’s Board
of Directors.   

 

 In December 2020, two of the Company’s Initial
Investors converted the remaining principal balance of their promissory notes, $ 159,000 , into  1,590,000  shares of the Company’s
common stock at $ 0.10  per share. In addition, one of the investors in the 2018 Convertible Note Offering converted the principal balance
of his note plus accrued interest into  893,000  shares of the Company’s common stock.   

 

 

 
     F- 15 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 Auctus Securities Purchase Agreement   

 

 In October 2019 the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”), dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 (the “Issuance Date”), by
and between the Company and Auctus Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Auctus”), pursuant to which Auctus purchased
from the Company, for a purchase price of $500,000 (the “Purchase Price”): (i) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal
amount of $500,000.00 (the “Auctus Note”); (ii) a common stock purchase warrant permitting Auctus to purchase up to 500,000
shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at an exercise price of $2.75
per share (the “First Warrant”); (iii) a common stock purchase warrant permitting Auctus to purchase up to 350,000 shares
of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.75 per share (the “Second Warrant”); and (iv) a common stock
purchase warrant permitting Auctus to purchase up to 275,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.75
per share (the “Third Warrant” and together with the First Warrant and the Second Warrant, the “Warrants”, and
together with the Note, the “Securities”).   

 

 The Auctus Note accrues interest at a rate of
ten percent ( 10 %) per annum and matures on October 14, 2020 (the “Maturity Date”). If the Company prepays the Auctus Note,
the Company shall pay all of the principal and interest, together with a prepayment penalty ranging from  125 % to  150 % depending upon the
date of such prepayment. The Auctus Note contains customary events of default (each an “Event of Default”). If an Event of
Default occurs, all outstanding obligations owing under the Auctus Note will become immediately due and payable in cash or Common Stock
at Auctus’ election. Any outstanding obligations owing under the Auctus Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the
rate of twenty four percent ( 24 %) per annum.   

 

 The Auctus Note is convertible into shares of
the Company’s Common Stock, subject to the adjustments described therein. The conversion price (the “Conversion Price”)
shall equal the lesser of: (i) $1.50, and (ii) 50% multiplied by the lowest trading price for the Common Stock during the twenty-five
(25) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of 50%).
 Notwithstanding anything contained in the Auctus Note to the contrary, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Conversion
Price shall not be less than $1.50 per share (the “Floor Price”). The Floor Price is subject to adjustment at the six (6)
and nine (9) month anniversary of the Issuance Date. In the event that the Floor Price as of such dates is less than 70% multiplied by
the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Common Stock during the five (5) trading day period immediately prior to such dates, the
Floor Price is adjusted to such lesser amount.   

 

 Under the terms of the SPA, subject to certain
conditions, upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration Statement”) filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) registering all of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Auctus
Note and the Warrants, Auctus agreed to provide the Company with an additional investment of up to $ 1,000,000  through the issuance of
an additional note or notes, as applicable (the “Additional Notes” together with the Note, the “Notes”).    

 

 The Auctus Notes and Warrants were not registered
under the Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act. The securities
were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of such securities by the Company did not
involve a “public offering,” as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial number of persons
involved in the transaction, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of securities offered. The Company did not undertake
an offering in which it sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, the investor had the necessary investment
intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act since the investor agreed to, and received, the securities bearing a legend
stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities
would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.” Based on an analysis
of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.   

 

 In connection with the SPA, the Company entered
into a Registration Rights Agreement (the “RRA”) pursuant to which it committed (i) use its best efforts to file with the
Commission the Registration Statement within ninety (90) days of the Issuance Date; and (ii) have the Registration Statement declared
effective by the Commission within one hundred fifty (150) days of the Issuance Date. The Company filed a Registration Statement with
the Commission in November 2019 and it was declared effective in December 2019, registering  1,625,000  shares.   

 

 In January 2020 the Auctus Fund LLC exercised
its option to convert $ 21,305  of the principal of its Convertible Note and accrued interest and fees of $ 8,695  (a total of $ 30,000 ) into
 20,000  shares of the Company’s common stock. The principal balance remaining on the Note following this conversion was $ 478,695 .   

 

 
     F- 16 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 In February 2020 the Auctus Fund LLC exercised
its option to convert $ 138,998  of the principal of its Convertible Note and accrued interest and fees of $ 11,002  (a total of $ 150,000 )
into  100,000  shares of the Company’s common stock. The principal balance remaining on the Note following this conversion was $ 339,698 .   

 

 In February 2020, the Company entered into an
agreement with the Auctus Fund LLC to reduce the exercise price of the $ 2.75  per share Warrants to $ 1.50  per share. No other changes were
made to the terms of the Warrants or the Convertible Note held by the Auctus Fund.  In February, the Auctus Fund LLC exercised 167,000
warrants at $1.50 per share, resulting in total proceeds to the Company of $250,500 .   

 

 In February 2020, the Board authorized a private
placement of convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount up to $ 5,000,000  at a conversion price of $ 1.50  per share (the “2020
Convertible Note Offering”).  The Notes accrue interest at eight percent ( 8 %) per annum and are convertible into common stock
of the Company at any time prior to or at the Maturity Date,  twelve  months from the Issuance Date.  In connection with the 2020 Convertible
Note Offering, the Company has received funds of $ 100,000  as of June 30, 2020. The Board closed the 2020 Convertible Note Offering to
further investment in June 2020.   

 

 Oasis Securities Purchase Agreement   

 

 On May 6, 2020 (the “Issuance Date”),
Quantum Computing Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”)
by and between the Company and Oasis Capital, LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company (“Oasis”), pursuant to which Oasis
purchased from the Company, for a purchase price of $ 500,000  (the “Purchase Price”): (i) a Convertible Promissory Note in
the principal amount of $ 563,055.00  (the “Note”); and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant (the “Warrant” and
together with the Note, the “Securities”) permitting Oasis to purchase up to  187,685  shares of the Company’s common
stock, par value $ 0.0001  per share (the “Common Stock”), at an exercise price of $ 1.50  per share (the “Exercise Price”).
The Company received the Purchase Price on May 8, 2020.   

 

 The Note accrues interest at a rate of eight percent
( 8 %) per annum and matures on the nine (9) months anniversary of the Issuance Date (the “Maturity Date”). In the event that
the Company prepays the Note, the Company shall pay all of the principal and interest, together with a prepayment penalty ranging from
 105 % to  135 % depending upon the date of such prepayment. The Note contains customary events of default (each an “Event of Default”).
If an Event of Default occurs, all outstanding obligations owing under the Note will become immediately due and payable in cash or Common
Stock at Oasis’ election. Any outstanding obligations owing under the Note which are not paid when due shall bear interest at the
rate of eighteen percent ( 18 %) per annum.   

 

 The Note is convertible into shares of the Company’s
Common Stock, subject to the adjustments described therein.  The conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) per share shall
be (i) $1.50 during the six month period immediately following the Issuance Date, and (ii) after the six month period immediately following
the Issue Date, the lower of: (a) $1.50, and (b) 70% multiplied by the lowest volume weighted average price for the Common Stock during
the twenty-five (25) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date (representing a discount
rate of 30%).   

 

 The Warrant is exercisable for a term of five-years
from the date of issuance. The Warrants provide for cashless exercise to the extent that there is no registration statement available
for the underlying shares of Common Stock. Until such time as there no longer an outstanding balance on the Note, if the Company shall,
at any time while the Warrant is outstanding, sell any shares of Common Stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire
shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the Exercise Price (a “Dilutive Issuance”), than the Exercise
Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Share Price (as defined in the Warrant) and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable under
the Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate exercise price payable under the Warrant, after taking into account the decrease
in the exercise price, shall be equal to the aggregate exercise price prior to such adjustment.   

 

 On May 7, 2020, in connection with its entry into
the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company issued  37,537  Inducement Shares (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)
to Oasis.   

 

 

 
     F- 17 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

 Oasis Equity Purchase Agreement   

 

 On May 6, 2020 (the “Execution Date”),
the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (“Equity Purchase Agreement”) and a Registration Rights Agreement (“Registration
Rights Agreement”) with Oasis. Under the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, Oasis agreed to purchase from the Company up to
$ 10,000,000  of the Company’s Common Stock upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration Statement”)
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) and subject to certain limitations and conditions
set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement.   

 

 Following effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
and subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company shall have the discretion
to deliver put notices to Oasis and Oasis will be obligated to purchase shares of the Company’s Common Stock based on
the investment amount specified in each put notice.  The maximum amount that the Company shall be entitled to put to Oasis in each put
notice shall not exceed the lesser of $500,000 or two hundred and fifty percent (250%) of the average daily trading volume of the Company’s
Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days preceding the put notice. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, Oasis and
its affiliates will not be permitted to purchase and the Company may not put shares of the Company’s Common Stock to Oasis that
would result in Oasis’s beneficial ownership of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock exceeding 9.99%. The price of each
put share shall be equal to ninety percent (90%) of the Market Price (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement).  Puts may be delivered
by the Company to Oasis until the earlier of (i) the date on which Oasis has purchased an aggregate of $ 10,000,000  worth of
Common Stock under the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement; (ii) April 26, 2023; or (iii) written notice of termination delivered by
the Company to Oasis, subject to certain equity conditions set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement.   

 

 On May 7, 2020, in connection with its entry into
the Equity Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company issued  133,334  Commitment Shares (as defined in the Equity
Purchase Agreement) to Oasis.   

 

 In December 2020, Oasis converted the principal
balance of its promissory note plus accrued interest into  596,869  shares of common stock.    

 

 As of December 31, 2020, all of the Warrants held
by Auctus and Oasis have been exercised, resulting in total proceeds to the Company of $ 1,458,500 .    

 

 Paycheck Protection Program Loan   

 

 On May 6, 2020, Quantum Computing Inc. (the “Company”)
executed an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”) with BB&T/Truist Bank N.A. to evidence a loan to the Company in the
amount of $ 218,371  under the Paycheck Protection Program (the “PPP”) established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act (the “CARES Act”), administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the “SBA”).    

 

 In accordance with the requirements of the CARES
Act, the Company used the proceeds from the PPP Loan exclusively for qualified expenses under the PPP, including payroll costs, mortgage
interest, rent and utility costs. The Company applied for forgiveness of the entire PPP Loan balance, and in June 2021 the SBA informed
the Company that the full balance of the PPP Loan had been forgiven, along with accrued interest. Upon notification from the SBA that
the PPP Loan balance had been forgiven, the Company reclassified the PPP Loan balance to other income. 

   

 

 
     F- 18 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

   

 Note 7 –  Capital Stock:   

 

 On July 13, 2021 the Company entered into a three-month
agreement with Axis Partners, Inc., an investor relations firm, pursuant to which the firm will receive monthly payments of $ 20,000  and
a grant of  15,000  shares of the Company’s common stock.   

 

 On July 14, 2021 the Company entered into a one
year consulting agreement with a business development professional, pursuant to which the Company issued the consultant  86,113  shares
of the Company’s common stock. These shares will vest at the rate of  5,000  shares per month over the term of the agreement.   

 

 Stock issuance pursuant to settlement agreement   

 

 In May 2021, the Company entered into settlement
agreements with two former executives of Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. (IBGH), Mr. Peter Bianchi and Mr. Jan Bonner (collectively
the “IBGH Executives”), pursuant to which the Company received a release from any and all claims or potential claims the IBGH
Executives might have had against the Company, in exchange for facilitating the replacement of lost stock certificates in IBGH and the
removal of any restrictions on transfer of the shares represented by said certificates.   The IBGH Executives each held the equivalent
of 91,659 shares of stock in the Company, for a total of 183,318 shares.   In addition, the IBGH Executives agreed to a three week
Leak Out agreement once the restrictions on their shares were removed. No new shares were issued as a result of the settlement agreements.   

 

 Series A Convertible Preferred Offering   

 

 From November 10, 2021 through November 17, 2021,
the Company conducted a private placement offering (the “Private Placement”) pursuant to securities purchase agreements (the
“Purchase Agreements”) with 7 accredited investors (the “Investors”), whereby the Investors purchased from the
Company an aggregate of  1,545,459  shares of the Company’s newly created Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $ 0.0001 
per share (the “Series A Preferred Stock”) and warrants to purchase  1,545,459  shares of the Company’s common stock for
an aggregate purchase price of $ 8,500,000 . The Private Placement was completed and closed to further investment on November 17, 2021.   

 

 The number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of any share of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount of such share
of Series A Preferred Stock by (y) the Conversion Price (the “Conversion Rate”). Conversion Amount means, with respect to
each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) the Stated Value thereof plus (2) any
accrued dividends. “Conversion Price” means, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of any Optional Conversion
Date, Mandatory Conversion Date or other date of determination, $ 5.50 , subject to adjustment for stock splits, dividends, recapitalizations
and similar corporate events.   

 

 The Warrants are two year warrants to purchase
shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $ 7.00  per share, subject to adjustment, and are exercisable at any
time on or after the date that is six (6) months following the issuance date. The Warrants provide for cashless exercise in the event
the underlying shares of common stock are not registered.   

 

 In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the
Company and the Investors entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which
the Company agreed to file a registration statement to register the shares of the Company’s Common Stock underlying the Series A
Preferred Stock and Warrants within 180 days. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Investors received certain rights, including
but not limited to piggyback registration rights, providing that the holder be given notice of any proposed registration of securities
by the Company, and requiring that the Company register all or any portion of the registrable securities that the holders request to be
registered, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

   

 

 
     F- 19 
       
     

 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 

 (Audited) 

   

   

 Note 8 –  Related Party Transactions   

 

 Convergent Risk Group, LLC   

 

 To finance the acquisition of the control block
of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent) $ 275,000 ,
in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”) in the total amount of $ 275,000 . Convergent, a Virginia
limited liability company, is owned  100 % by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who is the CEO and currently the majority shareholder of the Company.
To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the Company assumed the “Promissory Notes” in the total amount of
$ 275,000  and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”). The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes are collectively the “Convergent
Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities assumed by the Company were exchanged for Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company
for $ 275,000  (the same amount that Convergent had issued them for).    The Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest
at eight percent ( 8 %) per annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $ 0.10  per share at any time
prior to or at August 10, 2019.    The Company also assumed a promissory note from one of the Initial Investors to Convergent
in the amount of $ 100,000 , which is payable on or before June 30, 2019.   All of the Initial Investors had converted their Convertible
Promissory Notes into shares of the Company’s Common Stock as of December 31, 2020.    

 

 REMTC, Inc.   

 

 To provide the Company with a highly secure development
environment and intra-company data management and communication system, the Company contracted with REMTC, Inc. (“REMTC”),
an entity wholly owned by Richard Malinowski, who was the Company’s Chief Technology and Operations Officer at the time, to acquire
the necessary hardware and software, configure and install the REMTC proprietary security system, known as “PASS.”  The total
cost of the PASS System was approximately $670,000 which the Company paid to REMTC. In November 2018, Mr. Richard Malinowski informed
the Company of his decision to resign as Chief Technology and Operations Officer and the Board accepted his resignation and that of Mr.
Thomas Kelly. The Company and REMTC have unwound the PASS agreement and the Company expects to receive approximately $670,000 back from
Mr. Malinowski and REMTC.  The Company determined that the PASS System was unusable and therefore impaired, and wrote off the remaining
undepreciated value of the PASS system as of December 31, 2018. In March 2019 the Company commenced litigation in New Jersey state court
against REMTC, Mr. Malinowski and Mr. Kelly to recover the cost of the PASS System. In January 2020 the Company entered into a settlement
of its claims against REMTC, Mr. Malinowski and Mr. Kelly and the litigation in New Jersey was dismissed. 

   

 Note 9 –  Employee Benefits:   

 

 The Company offers a health and welfare benefit
plan to current full time employees that provides medical, dental, vision, life and disability benefits.  The Company also offers a 401K
retirement savings plan to all full time employees.  There are no unpaid liabilities under the Company’s benefit plans, and the Company
has no obligation to pay for post-retirement health and medical costs of retired employees. 

    

 Note 10 –  Subsequent Events:   

 

 On February 18, 2022, the Company entered into
a Note Purchase Agreement (the “Note Purchase Agreement”) with QPhoton, Inc. (“QPhoton”), pursuant to which the
Company agreed to purchase from QPhoton two unsecured promissory notes (each, a “Note”), each in the principal amount of $ 1,250,000 ,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Note Purchase Agreement. Also on February 18, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase
Agreement, the Company purchased the first Note from QPhoton and loaned the principal amount of $ 1,250,000  to QPhoton. The Company will
become obligated to purchase the second Note from, and loan an additional $ 1,250,000  to, QPhoton, if elected by QPhoton and subject to
the satisfaction of certain conditions.   

 

 The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties by QPhoton and the Company, as well as a “most favored nations” provision for the benefit of
the Company. The Notes issued under the Note Purchase Agreement, including the Note issued on February 18, 2022, provide that the indebtedness
evidenced by the applicable Note bears simple interest at the rate of  6 % per annum (or  15 % per annum during the occurrence of an event
of default, as defined in the Notes), and becomes due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) March 1, 2023, subject to extension by
one year at the option of QPhoton, (ii) a change of control (as defined in the Notes) of QPhoton or (iii) an event of default.   

 

 On February 9, 2022, the Company and QPhoton entered
into a letter agreement (the “Exclusivity Agreement”), pursuant to which QPhoton agreed to negotiate exclusively with the
Company regarding a potential sale of QPhoton or its assets (or similar transaction) for an initial period of 14 days, which period was
automatically extended by 45 days upon the execution of the Note Purchase Agreement and would automatically be extended by an additional
30 days if the second Note is purchased pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement.   

 

 There are no other events of a subsequent nature
that in management’s opinion are reportable. 

   

   

 F-20 

 

   

 











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 false 
 FY 
 0001758009 
 
 
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-03-11 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-06-30 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-01-01 
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2019-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2019-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2019-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2019-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-01 
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-01 
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-01 
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2017-05-01 
     2017-05-22 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2017-08-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:BeverageGroupHoldingsIncMember 
     
   
   
     2017-08-01 
     2017-08-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 
     
   
   
     2018-01-22 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 
     
   
   
     2018-01-01 
     2018-01-22 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:HardwareAndEquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:HardwareAndEquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-05-01 
     2020-05-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:NoninterestBearingMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-07-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-07-02 
     2020-07-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-01 
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2019-10-15 
     2019-10-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:AuctusFundLLCMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:AuctusFundLLCMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-15 
     2020-01-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
       qci:AuctusFundLLCMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-15 
     2020-01-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:AuctusFundLLCMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-02-29 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:AuctusFundLLCMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-02-15 
     2020-02-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:AuctusFundLLCMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-02-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2020-02-15 
     2020-02-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2020-02-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
       qci:FirstWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-08 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
       qci:SecondWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-08 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-06-30 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisSecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-02 
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisSecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-05-02 
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisSecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 
       srt:MinimumMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-02 
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisSecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 
       srt:MaximumMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-02 
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisSecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-07 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisEquityPurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-02 
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisEquityPurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-07 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:OasisEquityPurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-01-01 
     2020-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:PaycheckProtectionProgramLoanMember 
       us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 
     
   
   
     2020-05-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:AxisPartnersIncMember 
     
   
   
     2021-07-01 
     2021-07-13 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-07-01 
     2021-07-13 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:BusinessDevelopmentServicesMember 
     
   
   
     2021-07-01 
     2021-07-14 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-07-01 
     2021-07-14 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-05-01 
     2021-05-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-11-10 
     2021-11-17 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-11-17 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2019-08-10 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2019-06-30 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:REMTCIncMember 
     
   
   
     2021-01-01 
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:UnsecuredPromissoryNotesMember 
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2022-02-18 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qci:NotePurchaseAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2022-02-18 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2022-02-18 
   
 
   xbrli:shares 
 
   iso4217:USD 
 
   
     
       iso4217:USD 
     
     
       xbrli:shares 
     
   
 
   xbrli:pure 
 

 
