
 10-K
 1
 a2227490z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 

 

 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 Form 10-K   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 ý 
   
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT of 1934 
 
 
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 
 
 
   o 
   
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
 
  
  Commission File Number 000-30833   

 BRUKER CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Delaware 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or organization) 
   
  04-3110160 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 40 Manning Road, Billerica, MA   (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
  01821 
(Zip Code) 
 
 
 
  
  Registrant's
telephone number, including area code:  (978) 663-3660 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class  
   
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  
 
 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
   
 The Nasdaq Global Select Market 
 
 
 
  
  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   None 

          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  ý     No  o   

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  o   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o   (do not check if smaller 
reporting company) 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý   

          The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2015 (the last business day of the
registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was $2,244,357,403, based on the reported last sale price on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. This amount excludes an aggregate of
58,170,354 shares of common stock held by officers and directors and each person known by the registrant to own 10% or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant as of June 30,
2015. Exclusion of shares held by any person should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of management or policies of
the registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of February 22, 2016 was
163,424,532.  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

           Portions of the information required by Part III of this report (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) are incorporated by
reference from the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant's fiscal year.   
      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   


   

   
   BRUKER CORPORATION          

       ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K          

       TABLE OF CONTENTS          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page  
 
 
    Part I 
   
   
 
 
   Item 1 
   
   Business 
   
 3 
 
 
   Item 1A 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
 18 
 
 
   Item 1B 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
 32 
 
 
   Item 2 
   
   Properties 
   
 32 
 
 
   Item 3 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
 34 
 
 
   Item 4 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosure 
   
 34 
 
 
    Part II 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 5 
   
   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 
   
 35 
 
 
   Item 6 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
 38 
 
 
   Item 7 
   
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
   
 39 
 
 
   Item 7A 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
 64 
 
 
   Item 8 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
 67 
 
 
   Item 9 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Auditing and Financial
Disclosure 
   
 113 
 
 
   Item 9A 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
 113 
 
 
   Item 9B 
   
   Other Information 
   
 115 
 
 
    Part III 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 10 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
 116 
 
 
   Item 11 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
 116 
 
 
   Item 12 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
   
 116 
 
 
   Item 13 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
   
 117 
 
 
   Item 14 
   
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
 117 
 
 
    Part IV 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 15 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
   
 118 
 
 
   
   
   Signatures 
   
 122 
 
 
 
 
  
          Any
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes", "anticipates", "plans", "expects", "seeks", "estimates", "should" and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to adverse changes in
the economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, the integration of businesses we have acquired or may acquire in the future, our restructuring and cost-control initiatives,
changing technologies, product development and market acceptance of our products, the cost and pricing of our products, manufacturing and outsourcing, competition, dependence on collaborative
partners, key suppliers and third party distributors, capital spending and government funding policies, changes in governmental regulations, intellectual property rights, litigation, exposure to
foreign currency fluctuations, our ability to service  

 1 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 our
debt obligations and fund our anticipated cash needs and other factors, many of which are described in more detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. "Risk Factors"
and from time to time in other filings we may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. While the Company may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, it specifically
disclaims any obligation to do so, even if the Company's estimates change, and readers should not rely on those forward-looking statements as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent
to the date of the filing of this report.  

         References
to "we," "us," "our," "management" or the "Company" refer to Bruker Corporation and, in some cases, its subsidiaries, as well as all predecessor entities.  

         Our
principal executive offices are located at 40 Manning Road, Billerica, MA 01821, and our telephone number is (978) 663-3660. Information about Bruker Corporation is available
at  www.bruker.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into and does not form a part of this report. All trademarks,
trade names or copyrights referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners.  

 2 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART I          

   
       ITEM 1     BUSINESS          

 


 


Our Business   

         We are a designer and manufacturer of high-performance scientific instruments and analytical and diagnostic solutions that enable our
customers to explore life and materials at microscopic, molecular and cellular levels. Many of our products are used to detect, measure and visualize structural characteristics of chemical, biological
and industrial material samples. Our products address the rapidly evolving needs of a diverse array of customers in life science research, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, applied markets, cell
biology, clinical research, microbiology, in-vitro diagnostics, nanotechnology and materials science research. Our technology platforms include magnetic resonance technologies, mass spectrometry
technologies, gas and liquid chromatography triple quadrupole mass spectrometry technologies, X-ray technologies, spark-optical emission spectroscopy, atomic force microscopy, stylus and optical
metrology technology, fluorescence optical microscopy and infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies. We manufacture and distribute a broad range of field analytical systems for chemical,
biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives, or CBRNE, detection. We also design, manufacture and market high and low temperature superconducting materials and devices based primarily on metallic
low temperature superconductors. Our corporate headquarters are located in Billerica, Massachusetts. We maintain major technical and manufacturing centers in Europe and North America, and we have
sales offices located throughout the world.  

 


 


Business Segments   

         We have two reportable segments,  Bruker Scientific Instruments (BSI) , which represents
approximately 92% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2015, and  Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) , which
represents the remainder of our revenues. Within BSI, we are organized into three operating segments: the Bruker BioSpin Group, the Bruker CALID Group and the Bruker Nano Group. For financial
reporting purposes, the Bruker BioSpin, Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments are aggregated into the BSI reportable segment because each has similar economic characteristics, production
processes, service offerings, types and classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments.  

 


 


BSI Segment   

 

 


 


Bruker BioSpin Group   

 

         The Bruker BioSpin Group combines the Bruker Magnetic Resonance and Preclinical Imaging Divisions and designs, manufactures and
distributes enabling life science tools based on magnetic resonance technology. Magnetic resonance is a natural phenomenon occurring when a molecule placed in a magnetic field gives off a signature
radio frequency. The signature radio frequency is characteristic of the particular molecule and provides a multitude of precise chemical and structural information. Depending on the intended
application, we market and sell to our customers a NMR system or an EPR system (each as defined below).  

         Bruker
BioSpin also manufactures and sells single and multiple modality systems using MRI, PET, SPECT, CT, MPI (each as defined below) and optical imaging technologies to preclinical
markets. Bruker BioSpin's products, which have particular application in structural proteomics, drug discovery, research and food and materials science fields, provide customers with the ability to
determine the structure, dynamics, and function of specific molecules, such as proteins, and to characterize and determine the composition of mixtures.  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
vast majority of Bruker BioSpin's revenues are generated by academic and government research customers. Other customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and
nonprofit laboratories, as well as chemical, food and beverage, clinical and polymer companies.  


         During
2015, we launched a number of new products and technologies, including a new high-performance benchtop electron paramagnetic resonance instrument, a solid state NMR probe with
ultra-high spinning frequency and NMR honey and wine profiling systems. We also launched the following next generation preclinical imaging systems: Albira Si, BioSpec 3T and Xtreme II.  

         Bruker
BioSpin Group's instruments are based on the following technology platforms: 

 
 
 • NMR —Nuclear magnetic resonance;  
 • EPR —Electron paramagnetic resonance;  
 • MRI —Magnetic resonance imaging;  
 • MPI —Magnetic Particle Imaging;  
 • PET —Positron Emission Tomography;  
 • SPECT —Single Photon Emission Tomography;    
 • CT —Computed Tomography; and  
 • OI —Optical Imaging (fluorescence and bioluminescence).  
 

          NMR  is a qualitative and quantitative analytical technique that is used to determine the molecular structure and purity of a sample.
Molecules are placed in a magnetic field and give off a radio frequency, or rf, signature that is recorded by a sensitive detector. Analysis software helps to determine the molecular structure of the
sample. The NMR technique is used in academia, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, food and beverage and clinical companies, and by other industrial users in life science and material science research.  

          EPR  is a process of absorption of microwave radiation by paramagnetic ions or molecules with at least one unpaired electron that spins in
the presence of a static magnetic field. EPR detects unpaired electrons unambiguously, whereas other techniques can only provide indirect evidence of their presence. In addition, EPR can identify the
paramagnetic species that are detected, which present information on the molecular structure near the unpaired electron and give insight into dynamic processes such as molecular motions or fluidity.
Our EPR instruments are used for a wide range of applications, including advanced materials research, materials analysis and quality control.  

          MRI  is a process of creating an image from the manipulation of hydrogen atoms in a magnetic field. In the presence of an external magnetic
field, atoms will align with or against the external magnetic field. Application of a radio frequency causes the atoms to jump between high and low energy states. MRI and magnetic resonance
spectroscopy, or MRS, include many methods including diffusion-weighted, perfusion-weighted, molecular imaging and contrast-enhance. MRI offers high resolution morphologic information, as well as
functional, metabolic or molecular information. Customers use our MRI systems in pharmaceutical research, including metabolomics, to study a number of diseases, including diabetes, neurology, oncology
and cardiovascular disorders.  

          MPI  is a process of creating an image from magnetic particles administered to the body of an animal. The magnetic particles are
manipulated in a combination of oscillating magnetic fields exhibiting a field free zone. The response of the particles allows a real time 3D data set acquisition of the whole body of an animal,
showing the contrast agent distributing in and flowing through the body. This imaging modality is used to detect cardiovascular disorders.  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          PET  is a process of creating an image from positrons after administration of a positron emitting radionuclide to the body of an animal.
Annihilation of the positron produces two photons which show an angle of 180° between them, distinguishing these photons from photons originating from other sources. The PET tracer
enriches in certain regions of interest within the body and gains molecular information from the animal  in vivo . This has widespread applications, most
importantly for oncology, inflammation, neurology and cardiovascular disorders, as well as metabolic disease, drug discovery and bone disease.  

          SPECT  uses a contrast agent containing radionuclides which directly emit single photons. The contrast agent enriches in certain parts of
the body of an animal and generates images of the radionuclide distribution in the body. SPECT has widespread application in animal investigations  in
vivo , most importantly in oncology, neurology and cardiovascular disorders.  

          CT  is a technology based on X-rays which are used to generate a complete 3D data set. The most important applications are tissue sample
analysis or non-invasive  in vivo  animal imaging. CT offers the highest spatial resolution of all preclinical imaging modalities and is especially useful
to generate morphological information about the object or animal under investigation. CT is being used in all fields of preclinical investigations such as bone-orthopedics, cardiovascular, pulmonary,
oncology, metabolism and others.  

          OI  is a process of creating an image from light emitted from within the body of an animal  in
vivo . This is achieved by administration of a fluorescent imaging agent and corresponding activation of fluorescence via an external light source, or fluorescence imaging.
Alternatively, it is possible to manipulate the animal under investigation such that it contains molecules which emit light without external irradiation, or bioluminescence imaging. Optical imaging is
a very sensitive imaging technology used for generating molecular information in an investigation. The main fields of application are oncology, neurology, inflammation, stem cell research and bone and
infectious diseases.  

 

 


 


Bruker CALID Group   

 

         The Bruker CALID Group combines the Bruker Daltonics, which is a combination of the former Life Sciences and Clinical (LSC) and
Chemical and Applied Markets (CAM) Divisions, Bruker Detection and Bruker Optics Divisions. The Bruker Daltonics Division primarily designs, manufactures and distributes life science mass
spectrometry, or MS, instruments that can be integrated and used along with other sample preparation or chromatography instruments. These products are used in both research and clinical diagnostic
settings. Mass spectrometers are sophisticated devices that measure the mass or weight of a molecule and can provide accurate information on the identity, quantity and primary structure of molecules.
Mass spectrometry based solutions often combine advanced mass spectrometry instrumentation, automated sampling and sample preparation robots, reagent kits and other disposable products used in
conducting tests, or assays, and bioinformatics software. We offer mass spectrometry systems and integrated solutions for applications in multiple existing and emerging life science markets and
chemical and applied markets, including expression proteomics, clinical proteomics, metabolic and peptide biomarker profiling, drug discovery and development, molecular diagnostics research and
molecular and systems biology, as well as basic molecular medicine research and clinical microbiology (for IVD use only in certain countries and certain configurations).  

         Our
Detection Division supplies various systems based on mass spectrometry, ion mobility spectrometry, infrared spectroscopy and radiological/nuclear detectors for Chemical, Biological,
Radiological, Nuclear and Explosive (CBRNE) detection in emergency response, homeland security and defense applications.  

         The
Bruker Optics Division manufactures and distributes research, analytical and process analysis instruments and solutions based on infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy
technologies. These products are utilized in industry, government and academia for a wide range of applications and  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 solutions
for life science, pharmaceutical, food and agricultural analysis, quality control and process analysis applications. Infrared and Raman spectroscopy are widely used in both research and
industry as simple, rapid, nondestructive and reliable techniques for applications ranging from basic sample identification and quality control to advanced research. The Bruker Optics Division also
utilizes Fourier transform and dispersive Raman measurement techniques on an extensive range of laboratory and process spectrometers. The Bruker Optics Division's products are complemented by a wide
range of sampling accessories and techniques, which include microanalysis, high-throughput screening, and many others, to help users find suitable solutions to analyze their samples effectively.  

         Customers
of our Bruker CALID Group include pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics companies, contract research organizations, academic institutions, medical schools, nonprofit or
for-profit forensics, agriculture, food and beverage safety, environmental and clinical microbiology laboratories, hospitals and government departments and agencies.  

         During
2015, we launched a number of new mass spectrometry based product solutions, including the MALDI Tissue Typer, which is a system solution that allows for new measurement
strategies to assist the analysis of the spatial distribution of biomarkers in tissue sections. We also introduced the MALDI rapifleX TOF/TOF (time of flight) with a 10kHz laser for TOF/TOF
performance and robustness for primary structure and post-translational modifications determination in proteomics and biopharma applications. We also introduced the MALDI Pharma Pulse high throughput
screening solution, which was designed to meet the requirements of the pharmaceutical industry. Major software releases accompanied our instrument solutions launches in 2015 for the life science
segment, such as the Molecular Drug Image for pre-clinical drug and metabolite imaging. We also released the MetaboScape 1.0 Software, which allows our customers to link experimental metabolomics data
to biology by pathway mapping, and the ProteinScape 4.0 as a central bioinformatics platform for extended storage and processing of MS and MS/MS proteomics and glycomics data.  

         In
the MALDI Biotyper product family for microbial identification we launched the high-end MALDI Biotyper smart  system with a faster, proprietary life-time laser for
laboratories, which want to extend the system's capabilities in terms of throughput, turnaround time and range of applications. Additionally, we CE-marked the IVD MALDI Sepsityper kit according to the
European In Vitro Diagnostic Directive 98/79/EC. The IVD MALDI Sepsityper kit is used for the rapid microbial identification from positive blood cultures derived from patients with potentially life
threatening diseases like sepsis. Furthermore, in 2015 we received clearance for a second FDA claim for our MALDI Biotyper-CA system in the United States, which significantly enhances the species
coverage for the microbiology routine laboratory.  

         We
also expanded the Raman product line with the introduction of the handheld Raman spectrometer BRAVO. The BRAVO is the first handheld Raman spectrometer with patented fluorescence
mitigation that enables measurement of a much wider range of raw materials compared to previously available systems.  

         The
Bruker CALID Group's instruments are based on the following technology platforms: 

 
 
 • MALDI-TOF —Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass
spectrometry, including tandem time-of-flight systems (MALDI-TOF/TOF);  
 • ESI-TOF —Electrospray ionization time-of-flight spectrometry, including
tandem mass spectrometry systems based on ESI-quadrupole-TOF mass spectrometry (ESI-Q-q-TOF);  
 • FTMS —Fourier transform mass spectrometry, including hybrid systems with a
quadrupole front end (Q-q-FTMS);  
 • ITMS —Ion trap mass spectrometry;  
 • GC-MS —Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry systems utilizing
triple-quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry;  
 
 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • LC-MS —Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry systems utilizing
triple-quadrupole time-of flight mass spectrometry;  
 • FT-IR —Fourier transform-infrared spectroscopy;    
 • NIR —Near-infrared spectroscopy; and  
 • Raman —Raman spectroscopy.  
 

          MALDI-TOF  mass spectrometers utilize an ionization process to analyze solid samples using a laser that combines high sample throughput
with high mass range and sensitivity. Our MALDI-TOF mass spectrometers are particularly useful for applications in clinical diagnostics, environmental and taxonomical research and food processing and
quality control. Specific applications include: oligonucleotide and synthetic polymer analysis; protein identification and quantification; peptide de novo sequencing; determination of
post-translational modifications of proteins; interaction proteomics and protein function analysis; drug discovery and development; and fast body fluid and tissue peptide or protein biomarker
detection. MALDI mass spectrometry allows users to classify and identify microorganisms quickly and reliably with minimal sample preparation efforts and life cycle costs. Our
MALDI Biotyper solution, which serves the clinical microbiology market, enables identification, taxonomical classification or dereplication of microorganisms like bacteria, yeasts and fungi.  

          ESI-TOF  mass spectrometers utilize an electrospray ionization process to analyze liquid samples. This ionization process, which does not
dissociate the molecules, allows for rapid data acquisition and analysis of large biological molecules. ESI-TOF mass spectrometers are particularly useful for: identification, protein analysis and
functional complex analysis in proteomics and protein function; molecular identification in metabolomics, natural product and drug metabolite analysis; combinatorial chemistry high throughput
screening; and fast liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, or liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC-MS), in drug discovery and development.  

          FTMS  systems utilize high-field superconducting magnets to offer the highest resolution, selectivity, and mass accuracy currently
achievable in mass spectrometry. Our systems based on this technology often eliminate the need for time-consuming separation techniques in complex mixture analyses. In addition, our systems can
fragment molecular ions to perform exact mass analysis on all fragments to determine molecular structure. FTMS systems are particularly useful for: the study of structure and function of biomolecules,
including proteins, DNA and natural products; complex mixture analysis including body fluids or combinatorial libraries; high-throughput proteomics and metabolomics; and top-down proteomics of intact
proteins without the need for enzymatic digestion of the proteins prior to analysis. We offer next-generation hybrid FTMS systems that combine a traditional external quadrupole mass selector and
hexapole collision cell with a high-performance FTMS for further ion dissociation, top-down proteomics tools and ultra-high resolution detection.  

          ITMS  systems collect all ions simultaneously, which improves sensitivity relative to previous quadrupole mass spectrometers. Ion trap mass
spectrometers are particularly useful for sequencing and identification based on peptide structural analysis, quantitative liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, identification of combinatorial
libraries and generally enhancing the speed and efficiency of the drug discovery and development process.  

          GC-MS  systems combine the features of gas chromatography and mass spectrometry to identify different substances within a test sample. The
two components, used together, allow for a finer degree of substance identification than either system when used separately. The result is a quantitative analysis of the components and the mass
spectrum of each component. Our GC-MS systems are available in triple quadrupole configurations and can be configured with a variety of options to suit a range of applications. Our GC-MS systems have
applications in food and product safety, forensics and clinical and toxicology testing and environmental, pharmaceutical and chemical analysis.  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          LC-MS  systems combine the separation features of liquid chromatography with the molecular identification features of mass spectrometry to
separate, identify and quantify different substances within a test sample. As a complementary technique to GC-MS, which analyzes volatile compounds, LC-MS can be used to analyze a wide range of
non-volatile compounds in complex samples. Our LC-MS systems are available in a wide range of configurations to suit a user's specific needs. Although primarily used for life science applications, our
LC-MS systems also have applications in food and product safety, forensics and clinical and toxicology testing, as well as environmental, pharmaceutical and chemical analysis.  

          FT-IR  spectrometers utilize the mid- and far-infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum. Our FT-IR systems are commonly used for
various quality control and materials research applications.  

          NIR  spectrometers utilize the near-infrared region of the electromagnetic spectrum. Our NIR instruments are primarily used for quality and
process control applications in the pharmaceutical, food and agriculture and chemical industries. The pharmaceutical industry is the leading user of NIR instruments, and applications include quality
control, research and development and process analytical technology. The food and agricultural industry is the second largest user of NIR instrumentation, with an increasing demand for food, forage
and beverage quality control.  

          Raman  spectroscopy provides information on molecular structure. The mechanism of Raman scattering is different from that of infrared
absorption, in that Raman and IR spectra provide complementary information. Raman is useful for the identification of both organic and inorganic compounds and functional groups. It is a nondestructive
technique, and can be used for the analysis of both liquids and solids. Raman is well suited for use in the polymer and pharmaceutical industries, and has applications in the metals, electronics and
semiconductors industries. The technique also has applications in life sciences, forensics and artwork authentication.  

         Additionally,
our Detection Division offers a wide range of portable analytical and bioanalytical detection systems and related products for CBRNE detection. Our customers use these
devices for nuclear, biological agent and chemical agent defense applications, anti-terrorism, law enforcement and process and facilities monitoring. Our CBRNE detection products use many of the same
technology platforms as our life science products, as well as additional technologies, including infrared stand-off detection and ion mobility spectrometry, for handheld chemical detectors. We also
provide integrated, comprehensive detection suites that include our multiple detection systems, consumables, training and simulators.  

 

 


 


Bruker Nano Group   

 

         The Bruker Nano Group combines the Bruker AXS, Bruker Nano Surfaces, Bruker Nano Analytics and Bruker Elemental Divisions. The Bruker
AXS Division designs, manufactures and distributes advanced X-ray instruments that use electromagnetic radiation with extremely short wavelengths to determine the characteristics of matter and the
three-dimensional structure of molecules, including a product portfolio that comprises instruments based on X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy (XRF), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and X-ray micro computed
tomography (µCT).  

         Bruker
Nano Surfaces Division's products include atomic force microscopy instrumentation (AFM). Such instruments provide atomic or near atomic resolution of surface topography and
mechanical, electrical and chemical information using nano scale probes. In addition, the Bruker Nano Surfaces Division provides advanced fluorescence optical microscopy instruments for multi-photon,
multipoint scanning confocal, high-speed 3D super-resolution studies in life science. The Bruker Nano Surfaces Division also provides non-contact nanometer resolution topography through white light
interferometry and stylus profilometry.  

         The
Bruker Nano Analytics Division manufactures and markets analytical tools for electron microscopes, including energy-dispersive X-ray spectrometers (EDS), electron backscatter
diffraction  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 systems
(EBSD) and µCT accessories, as well as mobile and bench-top micro X-ray fluorescence (µXRF) and total reflection X-ray fluorescence
spectrometers (TXRF).  

         The
Bruker Elemental Division manufactures and distributes handheld, portable and mobile X-ray fluorescence (HMP-XRF) spectrometry instruments and spark optical emission spectroscopy
systems (spark-OES) used to analyze the concentration of elements in metallic samples. The Bruker Elemental Division product portfolio also includes carbon, sulfur, oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen, or
CS/ONH, analyzers based on combustion or heat extraction with infrared and thermal conductivity technology. Using modular platforms, we often combine our technology applications with sample
preparation tools, automation, consumables and data analysis software. These products provide customers with the ability to determine the three-dimensional structure of specific molecules, such as
proteins, and to characterize and determine the composition of materials down to the dimensions used in nanotechnology.  

         Customers
of our Bruker Nano Group include biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, governmental customers, nanotechnology companies, semiconductor companies,
raw material manufacturers, industrial companies and other businesses involved in materials analysis.  

         During
2015, we introduced a handheld laser induced breakdown spectrometer, which is designed for high-speed analysis of Grade ID and chemistry in light element alloys. We also released
next generation models of several products, including the Contour Elite 3D Optical Microscope, the Opterra II Scanning Confocal Microscope, the Second Generation Inspire Nanochemical Imaging
System, the SkyScan 1275 Automated Micro-CT system and the D8 Gen 2 platform for crystallography. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we acquired Jordan Valley Semiconductors Ltd, a provider of
X-ray metrology and defect-detection equipment for semiconductor process control.  

         The
Bruker Nano Group's systems are based on the following technology platforms: 

 
 
 • XRD —Polycrystalline X-ray diffraction, often referred to as X-ray
diffraction;  
 • XRF —X-ray fluorescence, also called X-ray spectrometry, including handheld
XRF systems;  
 • SC-XRD —Single crystal X-ray diffraction, often referred to as X-ray
crystallography;  
 •  µ CT —X-ray micro computed tomography;    
 • EDS —Energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy on electron microscopes;    
 • EBSD —Electron backscatter diffraction on electron microscopes;    
 • S-OES —Spark optical emission spectroscopy;    
 • CS/ONH —Combustion analysis for carbon, sulfur, oxygen, nitrogen, and
hydrogen in solids;  
 • AFM —Atomic force microscopy;  
 • FM —Fluorescence optical microscopy;  
 • SOM —Stylus and optical metrology; and  
 • TMT —Tribology and mechanical test systems for analysis of friction and
wear.  
 

          XRD  systems investigate polycrystalline samples or thin films with single wavelength X-rays. The atoms in the polycrystalline sample
scatter the X-rays to create a unique diffraction pattern recorded by a
detector. Computer software processes the pattern and produces a variety of information, including stress, texture, qualitative and quantitative phase composition, crystallite size, percent
crystallinity and layer thickness, composition, defects and density of thin films and semiconductor material. Our XRD systems contribute to a reduction in the development cycles for new products in
the catalyst, polymer, electronic, optical material and semiconductor industries. Customers for XRD systems include academic and government research facilities, as well as a variety of other fields,
including forensics, art and archaeology.  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          XRF  systems determine the elemental composition of a material and provide a full qualitative and quantitative analysis. Our XRF systems
direct X-rays at a sample, and the atoms in the sample absorb the X-ray energy. The elements in the sample then emit X-rays that are characteristic for each element. The system collects the X-rays,
and the software analyzes the resulting data to determine the elements that are present. Our XRF products provide automated solutions on a turn-key basis for industrial users that require automated,
controlled production processes that reduce product and process cost, increase output and improve product quality. Our XRF products cover substantially all of the periodic table and can analyze solid,
powder or liquid samples.  

          SC-XRD  systems determine the three-dimensional structures of molecules in a chemical, mineral, or biological substance being analyzed.
SC-XRD systems have the capability to determine structure in both small chemical molecules and larger biomolecules. SC-XRD systems direct an X-ray beam at a solid, single crystal sample. The atoms in
the crystal sample scatter the X-rays to create a precise diffraction pattern recorded by an electronic detector. Software then reconstructs a model of the structure and provides the unique
arrangement of the atoms in the sample. This information on the exact arrangement of atoms in the sample is a critical part of molecular analysis and can provide insight into a variety of areas,
including how a protein functions or interacts with a second molecule. Our SC-XRD systems are designed for use in the life sciences industry, academic research and a variety of other applications.  


          µCT  is X-ray imaging in 3D, by the same method used in hospital CT scans, but on a small scale with massively
increased resolution. 3D microscopy allows users to image the internal structure of objects non-destructively on a very fine scale. Bruker µCT is available in a range of
easy-to-use desktop instruments, which generate 3D images of the sample's morphology and internal microstructure with resolution down to the sub-micron level. Our µCT systems
are used for numerous applications in materials research and in the life sciences industry.  

          EDS  systems analyze the chemical composition of materials under investigation in electron microscopes by utilizing the fact that atoms of
different chemical elements, when exposed to the high energy electron beam generated by the microscope, irradiate X-rays of different, characteristic energy. The evaluation of the energy spectrum
collected by our spectrometer allows the determination of the
qualitative and quantitative chemical sample composition at the current beam position. EDS systems allow for simultaneous analysis of all elements in the periodic table, beginning with atomic
number 4 (beryllium). Our EDS systems are used for a range of applications, including nanotechnology and advanced materials research, as well as materials analysis and quality control.
Customers for EDS systems include industrial customers, academia and government research facilities.  

          EBSD  systems are used to perform quantitative microstructure analysis of crystalline samples in electron microscopes. The microscope's
electron beam strikes the tilted sample and diffracted electrons form a pattern on a fluorescent screen. This pattern is characteristic of the crystal structure and orientation of the sample
region from which it was generated. It provides the absolute crystal orientation with sub-micron resolution. EBSD can be used to characterize materials with regard to crystal orientation, texture,
stress, strain and grain size. EBSD also allows the identification of crystalline phases and their distribution, and is applied to many industries such as metals processing, aerospace, automotive,
microelectronics and earth sciences.  

          S-OES  instruments are used for analyzing metals. S-OES covers a broad range of applications for metals analysis from pure metals trace
analysis to high alloyed grades, and allow for analysis of a complete range of relevant elements simultaneously. S-OES instruments pass an electric spark onto a sample, which burns the surface of the
sample and causes atoms to jump to a higher orbit. Our detectors quantify the light emitted by these atoms and help our customers to determine the elemental composition of the material. This technique
is widely used in production control laboratories of foundries and steel mills.  

 10 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

          CS/ONH  carrier gas systems incorporate a furnace and infrared or thermal conductivity detection to analyze
inorganic materials for the determination of carbon, sulfur, nitrogen, oxygen and hydrogen. Combustion and inert gas fusion analyzers are used for applications in metal production and processing,
chemicals, ceramics and cement, coal processing and oil refining and semiconductors.  


          AFM  systems provide atomic or near-atomic resolution of material surface topography using a nano-scale probe that is brought into light
contact with the sample being investigated. In addition to presenting a surface image, AFM can also provide quantitative nano-scale measurements of feature sizes, material properties, electrical
information, chemical properties and other sample characteristics. Our AFM systems are used for applications in academic and governmental materials and biological research; semiconductor, data storage
hard drive, LED, battery, solar cells, polymers, and pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing.  

          FM  products use fluorescence microscopy to determine the structure and composition of life science samples. Our products include
two-photon microscopes, multipoint scanning confocal microscopes, laser illumination sources, photoactivation, photostimulation and photoablation accessories and synchronization and analysis software.
Two-photon microscopes allow imaging deep into tissues and
cells and are used widely in neuroscience. Multipoint scanning confocal systems allow live cell imaging with rapid acquisition of images for structural and composition analysis. We also offer
super-resolution and single-molecule localization microscopy products which can break the optical diffraction limit by an order of magnitude.  

          SOM  systems provide atomic or near-atomic two dimensional and three dimensional surface resolution using white light interferometry,
confocal optical and stylus profilometry methods. SOM profilers range from low-cost manual tools for single measurements to advanced, highly automated systems for production line quality assurance and
quality control applications where the combination of throughput, repeatability and reproducibility is essential. SOM profilers support a range of applications in research, product development,
tribology, quality control and failure analysis related to materials and machining in the automotive, orthopedic, ophthalmic, high brightness LED, semiconductor, data storage, optics and other
markets.  

          TMT  systems provide a platform for all types of common mechanical, friction, durability, scratch and indentation tests for a wide spectrum
of materials. Tribology systems are utilized for both academic research of the fundamental material properties and industrial applications in the semiconductor, aerospace, petroleum, automotive and
other industries.  

 


 


BEST Segment   

         BEST designs, manufactures and distributes superconducting materials, primarily metallic low temperature superconductors, for use in
magnetic resonance imaging, nuclear magnetic resonance, fusion energy research and other applications. BEST also develops, manufactures and markets ceramic, second generation high temperature
superconductors for energy technology and magnet research applications. Additionally, BEST develops, manufactures and markets sophisticated devices and complex tools based primarily on metallic low
temperature superconductors that have applications in "big science" research, including radio frequency accelerator cavities and modules, power couplers and linear accelerators. BEST also manufactures
and sells non-superconducting high technology tools, such as synchrotron and beamline instrumentation, principally to customers engaged in materials research and "big science" research projects.  

 


 


Sales and Marketing   

         We maintain direct sales forces throughout North America, Europe, China, Japan, Asia Pacific and Australia. We also utilize indirect
sales channels to reach customers. We
have various international distributors, independent sales representatives, and various other representatives in parts of Asia, Latin  

 11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 America,
Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. These entities augment our direct sales force and provide coverage in areas where we do not have direct sales personnel. In addition, we have
adopted a distribution business model in which we engage in strategic distribution alliances with other companies to address certain market segments. The sales cycle for our products is dependent on
the size and complexity of the system and budgeting cycles of our customers. Our sales cycle is typically three to twenty four months for academic and high-end research products and two weeks to six
months for industrial products. The sales cycle of our low temperature superconducting materials is typically four to twelve months, with cycles of certain high-end materials exceeding one year. Sales
of our high-end NMR and superconducting devices typically take more than one year and certain large, complex contracts can take more than two years to complete.  


         We
have well-equipped applications and demonstration facilities and qualified application personnel who assist customers and provide product demonstrations in specific application areas.
We maintain our primary demonstration facilities at our production facilities, as well as in other key market locations.  

 


 


Seasonal Nature of Business   

         Historically we have higher levels of revenue in the fourth quarter and lower levels of revenues in the first quarter of the year,
which we believe is due to our customers' budgeting cycles.  

 


 


Major Customers   

         We do not depend on any single customer and no single customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue in any of the last three fiscal
years.  

 


 


Competition   

         Our existing products and solutions and any products and solutions that we develop in the future may compete in multiple, highly
competitive markets. In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in our industry and many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than
we do. Our competitors may succeed in developing and offering products that could render our products or those of our strategic partners obsolete or noncompetitive. Our competitors may also have cost
and price advantages based upon the value of their currencies compared with the U.S. dollar or Euro. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly more experience in the life
sciences, chemical and materials markets. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary products that reach our target markets in a timely manner and are
technologically superior to and/or less expensive, or more cost effective, than products marketed by our competitors. Current competitors or other companies may possess or develop technologies and
products that are more effective than ours. Our technologies and products may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances or by entirely different approaches developed by one or
more of our competitors.  

         We
also compete with companies that provide analytical or automation tools based on other technologies. These technologies may prove to be more successful in meeting demands in the
markets that our products and solutions serve. In addition, other companies may choose to enter our fields in the future. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets are
technology-based applications expertise, product specifications, functionality, reliability, marketing expertise, distribution capability, proprietary patent portfolios, cost and cost effectiveness.  

 


 


BSI Segment   

         Bruker BioSpin competes with companies that offer magnetic resonance spectrometers, mainly JEOL and Oxford Instruments. In the field of
preclinical imaging, Bruker BioSpin competes with  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Perkin
Elmer, Mediso, Trifoil, MR Solutions, RS2D, Visualsonics (Fuji Film) and others. Bruker CALID competes with a variety of companies that offer mass spectrometry based systems. Bruker
CALID's competitors in the life science markets and chemical and applied markets include Danaher, Agilent, GE-Healthcare, Waters, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Shimadzu, Hitachi and JEOL. In the
microbiology market, we compete with Biomerieux. Bruker CALID's CBRNE detection customers are highly fragmented, and we compete with a number of companies in this area, of which the most significant
competitor is Smiths Detection. Bruker CALID also competes with a variety of companies that offer molecular spectrometry based systems, including Thermo Fisher Scientific, PerkinElmer, Agilent, Foss,
ABB Bomem, Renishaw, Buchi, Shimadzu and Jasco. In addition, there are several smaller companies, specializing in various markets, with which we compete frequently. Bruker Nano competes with companies
that offer analytical X-ray solutions, OES systems, AFM and SOM systems and optical fluorescence systems, primarily Rigaku, Oxford Instruments, Agilent, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Ametek's Spectro and
Edax divisions, PANalytical, Olympus, Nikon, Zeiss and Danaher's Leica business.  


 


 


BEST Segment   

         BEST competes with Oxford Instruments and Luvata in low temperature superconducting materials. In addition, BEST competes with
Fujikura, AMSC, SuperPower (a Furukawa company), Superconductor Technologies Inc. and SuNam Co., Ltd. in the market for second generation high temperature superconducting
materials. BEST further competes with Zanon, Mitsubishi Electric and AES in the development and supply of accelerator cavities, with Thales, Toshiba and CPI International in the development and supply
of radio frequency couplers, with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in the development and supply of superconducting accelerator modules and with AES and Thales for electron linear accelerators.  

 


 


Manufacturing and Supplies   

         Several of our manufacturing facilities are certified under ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 13485, an international quality
standard. We manufacture and test our magnetic resonance products at our facilities in Faellanden, Switzerland; Wissembourg, France; and Karlsruhe, Germany. We manufacture and test our preclinical
imaging products at our facilities in Ettlingen, Germany; Wissembourg, France; Kontich, Belgium; and Faellanden, Switzerland. We manufacture and test our mass spectrometry products, including CBRNE
detection products, at our facilities in Bremen, Germany; Leipzig, Germany; and Billerica, Massachusetts, U.S.A. We manufacture and test our molecular spectroscopy products at our facilities in
Ettlingen, Germany. We manufacture and test our X-ray, OES and AFM products at our facilities in Karlsruhe, Germany; Berlin, Germany; Kalkar, Germany; Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.; Santa Barbara,
California, U.S.A.; Kennewick, Washington, U.S.A; Migdal Ha'Emek, Israel; Durham, UK.; and Yokohama, Japan. We manufacture and test the majority of our energy and superconducting products at our
facilities in Hanau, Germany; Bergisch Gladbach, Germany; and Perth, Scotland. Manufacturing processes at our facilities in Europe and California, U.S.A. include all phases of manufacturing, such as
machining, fabrication, subassembly,
system assembly, and final testing. Our other facilities primarily perform high-level assembly, system integration, and final testing. We typically manufacture critical components in-house to ensure
key competence. Over the last three years, we have been in the process of outsourcing the manufacturing of various non-critical components such as circuit boards and certain electronics to third party
contract manufacturers as part of our cost saving initiatives.  

         We
purchase materials and components from various suppliers that are either standard products or built to our specifications. We obtain some of the components included in our products
from a limited group of suppliers or from a single-source supplier for items such as charge coupled device area detectors, X-ray tubes, robotics and infrared optics. Bruker AXS has an ongoing
collaboration and joint  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 development
project with the Siemens Medical Solutions Vacuum Technology Division in Germany for the development of X-ray tubes. Some Bruker AXS subsidiaries, Bruker Nano GmbH, Bruker
Elemental GmbH, and Bruker AXS Handheld Inc. presently procure key X-ray detector chips and certain OES optical detectors and miniaturized X-ray sources from single-source suppliers. In
addition, BEST sources niobium titanium and other niobium products from a single supplier.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         We commit substantial capital and resources to internal and collaborative research and development projects in order to provide
innovative products and solutions to our customers. We conduct research primarily to enhance system performance and improve the reliability of existing products, and to develop revolutionary new
products and solutions. We expensed $145.7 million, $174.2 million and $190.5 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for research and development purposes. Our research and
development efforts are conducted for the relevant products within each of the operating segments, as well as in collaboration with others on areas such as microfluidics, automation and workflow
management software. We have been the recipient of government grants from Germany and the U.S. for various projects related to early-stage research and development. We have generally retained, at a
minimum, non-exclusive rights to any items or enhancements we develop under these grants. The German government requires that we use and market technology developed under grants in order to retain our
rights to the technology. We have also accepted some sponsored research contracts from private sources.  


 


 


BSI Segment   

         The research and development performed in the BSI Segment is primarily conducted at our facilities in Bremen, Ettlingen, Karlsruhe and
Leipzig, Germany; Faellanden, Switzerland; Wissembourg, France; Billerica, Massachusetts, U.S.A.; Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.; and Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A.  

         The
Bruker BioSpin Group maintains technical competencies in core magnetic resonance technologies and single- and multimodal imaging technologies and capabilities, including NMR, EPR,
MRI, MPI, PET, CT and OI. Recent projects include the development of solid state dynamic nuclear polarization technologies, an ongoing development that enables gains in sensitivity for NMR, high field
EPR instrumentation with dedicated cryogen free magnets, high field magnet technology for preclinical MRI, basic NMR research and quadrupole tuned cryoprobes for biological research, as well as MPI
imaging for preclinical application.  

         The
Bruker CALID Group maintains technical competencies in core mass spectrometry technologies and capabilities, including: MALDI, ESI, EI/CI ion sources; TOF, TOF/TOF, ion traps, FTMS,
quadrupole and IMS analyzers; and bioinformatics and related software. Recent projects include the rapifleX MALDI Tissuetyper, Bruker Daltonics' all-new high-throughput MALDI imaging solution that
provides enhanced high-resolution molecular information and distribution in tissues. The Bruker CALID Group also maintains technical competencies in core vibrational spectroscopy technologies and
capabilities, including FT-IR, NIR, and Raman. Recent projects include the BRAVO handheld Raman spectrometer for identification of raw materials, which is Bruker Optics' first handheld solution with
patented fluorescence mitigation technology and an intuitive graphical user interface.  

         The
Bruker Nano Group maintains technical competencies in core X-ray technologies and capabilities, including detectors used to sense X-ray and X-ray diffraction patterns, X-ray sources
and optics that generate and focus the X-rays, robotics and sample handling equipment that holds and manipulates the experimental material, and software that generates the structural data. Recent
projects include refining next-generation high brilliancy optics and microsources, developing new high-power X-ray sources for X-ray diffraction and protein crystallography applications, developing a
TXRF system  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 for
trace element analysis in semiconductor metrology, developing a new large solid angle, high-resolution, high-throughput energy dispersive X-ray detector for microanalysis, creating a high
sensitivity area detector system and developing other solution-based technologies and software
applications, including a product for X-ray scattering investigations of protein crystals. The Bruker Nano Group also has competencies in atomic force microscopy (AFM) technology, which involve
sub-angstrom level position and motion control as well as sub-pico newton force control. Recent innovations include faster scanning and higher resolution imaging with new more force sensitive modes
and nano-scale electrical and nano-mechanical characterization. The Bruker Nano Group technologies also include 3D optical inference based microscopy, stylus profilometry, tribology testing,
nano-indentation, optical fluorescence two-photon microscopy, multipoint scanning microscopy and high-speed, 3D super-resolution florescence microscopy.  

 


 


BEST Segment   

         The research and development performed in the BEST Segment is primarily conducted at our facilities in Hanau, Bergisch Gladbach and
Alzenau, Germany. BEST maintains technical competencies in the production and development of low and high temperature superconducting materials and devices.  


 


 


Intellectual Property   

         Our intellectual property consists of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, and trademarks. Protection of our intellectual
property is a strategic priority for our businesses because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and to the marketplace. We have a
substantial patent portfolio, and we intend to file additional patent applications as appropriate. We believe our owned and licensed patent portfolio provides us with a competitive advantage. This
portfolio permits us to maintain access to a number of key technologies. We license our owned patent rights where appropriate. We intend to enforce our patent rights against infringers, if necessary.
The patent positions of life sciences tools companies involve complex legal and factual questions. As a result, we cannot predict the enforceability of our patents with certainty. In addition, we are
aware of the existence from time to time of patents in certain countries, which, if valid, could impair our ability to manufacture and sell products in these countries.  

         We
also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, trademarks, copyright protection, and licensing to develop and maintain our competitive position. We generally require the execution of
confidentiality agreements by our employees, consultants, and other scientific advisors. These agreements provide that all confidential information made known during the course of a relationship with
us will be held in confidence and used only for our benefit. In addition, these agreements provide that we own all inventions generated during the course of the relationship.  

 


 


Government Contracts   

         We are a party to various government contracts. Under some of these government contracts, the government may receive license or similar
rights to intellectual property developed under the contract. However, under government contracts we enter we generally receive at least non-exclusive rights to any items or technologies we develop.
Although we transact business with various government agencies, we believe that no government contract is of such magnitude that a renegotiation of profits or termination of the contract or
subcontracts at the election of the government would have a material adverse effect on our financial results.  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Government Regulation   

         We are required to comply with federal, state, and local environmental protection regulations. We do not expect this compliance to have
a significant impact on our capital spending, earnings or competitive position.  

         Prior
to introducing a product in the U.S., our Bruker AXS subsidiary provides notice to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in the form of a Radiation Safety Initial Product
Abbreviated Report, which provides identification information and operating characteristics of the product. If the FDA finds that the report is complete, it provides approval in the form of what is
known as an accession number. Bruker AXS may not market a product until it has received an accession number. In addition, Bruker AXS submits an annual report to the FDA that includes the radiation
safety history of all products it sells in the U.S. Bruker AXS is required to report to the FDA incidents of accidental exposure to radiation arising from the manufacture, testing, or use of any of
its products. Bruker AXS also reports installations of its products to state government regulatory agencies responsible for the regulation of radiation emitting devices. For sales in Germany, Bruker
AXS registers each system with the local authorities. In some countries where Bruker AXS sells systems, Bruker AXS uses the license we obtained from the federal authorities in Germany to assist it in
obtaining a license from the country in which the sale occurs. In addition, as indicated above, we are subject to various other foreign and domestic environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations in connection with our operations. Apart from these areas, we are subject to the laws and regulations generally applicable to businesses in the jurisdictions in which we operate.  

         Our
Bruker AXS subsidiary possesses low-level radiation materials licenses from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission in agreement with the State of Wisconsin for its facility in
Madison, Wisconsin; from the local radiation safety authority, Gewerbeaufsichtsamt Karlsruhe, for its facility in Karlsruhe, Germany; and from the local radiation safety authority, Kanagawa
Prefecture, for its facility in Yokohama, Japan, as well as from various other countries in which it sells its products. Our Bruker Daltonics subsidiary possesses low-level radiation licenses for
facilities in Billerica, Massachusetts and Leipzig, Germany. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission also has regulations concerning the exposure of our employees to radiation.  

         Certain
of our clinical products, specifically our MALDI Biotyper CA System, are subject to regulation by the FDA. As such, we continually invest in our manufacturing operations and
quality systems infrastructure necessary to maintain our FDA clearance. Our facilities in Billerica, Massachusetts have established quality management systems and manufacturing operations which are
designed and configured to comply with the standards and requirements for in vitro diagnostic medical devices stipulated by FDA 21 CFR Part 820 and by ISO 13485:2003. The Billerica,
Massachusetts manufacturing facility is registered with the FDA as a medical device manufacturing facility, which is the same location where the MALDI Biotyper System is manufactured and distributed.  

 


 


Working Capital Requirements   

         There were no credit terms extended to customers that would have a material adverse effect on our working capital.  

         We
typically recognize revenue from system sales upon customer acceptance. To effectively operate our businesses, we are required to hold a significant number of systems that have been
shipped to customers, but not yet accepted by the customer, as finished goods in-transit. As a result, a significant percentage of our inventory represents finished goods in-transit. Finished goods
in-transit were $44.7 million and $58.6 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We also have well-equipped applications and demonstration facilities and qualified
application personnel who assist customers and provide product demonstrations in specific application areas. In total, we held  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 $38.8 million
and $38.5 million of demonstration inventory at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

 


 


Backlog   

         Our backlog consists of firm orders under non-cancellable purchase orders received from customers. Total system backlog at
December 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $856 million and $877 million, respectively. We anticipate that approximately 82% of the backlog as of December 31, 2015 will
be filled in 2016. We experience variable and fluctuating revenues in the first three quarters of the year, while our fourth quarter revenues have historically been stronger than the rest of the year.
As a result, backlog on any particular date can be indicative of our short-term revenue performance, but is not necessarily a reliable indicator of long-term revenue performance.  

 


 


Employees   

         As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had approximately 6,000 and 6,100 full-time employees worldwide, respectively. Of these
employees, approximately 980 and 1,060 were located in the U.S. as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our employees in the U.S. are not unionized or affiliated with any labor
organizations. Employees based outside the U.S. are primarily located in Europe. Several of our international subsidiaries are parties to contracts with labor unions and workers' councils. We believe
that we have good relationships with our employees and the workers' councils.  

         As
of December 31, 2015, we had approximately 2,880 employees in production and distribution, 1,490 employees in selling and marketing and 950 employees in research and
development with general and administrative employees representing the remainder. As of December 31, 2014, we had approximately 2,980 employees in production and distribution,
1,470 employees in selling and marketing and 960 employees in research and development with general and administrative employees representing the remainder.  

 


 


Financial Information about Geographic Areas and Segments   

         Financial information about our geographic areas and segments may be found in Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included as part of Item 8 to this report, which includes information about our revenues from external customers, measure of profit and total assets
by reportable segment.  


 


 


Available Information   

         We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"). Therefore, we file periodic
reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Such reports, proxy statements and other information may be read and copied by visiting the Public
Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In
addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically.  


         Our
website is located at  www.bruker.com . We make available free of charge through this website our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.  

 17 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 1A     RISK FACTORS 


         The
following risk factors should be considered in conjunction with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report may
include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. In addition to those risk factors discussed elsewhere in this report, we identify the following risk factors, which could
affect our actual results and cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.  

 


 


We may lose money when we exchange foreign currency received from international sales into U.S.
dollars.   

         A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency. As a
result, currency fluctuations among the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused, and will continue to cause, foreign currency translation gains and losses. In addition,
currency fluctuations could cause the price of our products to be more or less competitive than our principal competitors' products. Currency fluctuations will increase or decrease our cost structure
relative to those of our competitors, which could lessen the demand for our products and affect our competitive position. From time to time we enter into certain hedging transactions and/or option and
foreign currency exchange contracts which are intended to offset some of the market risk associated with our sales denominated in foreign currencies. We cannot predict the effectiveness of these
transactions or their impact upon our future operating results, and from time to time they may negatively affect our quarterly earnings.  

 


 


Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.   

         In addition to the foreign currency exposure associated with differences between where our products are manufactured and sold by us and
our competitors, our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations results from the currency translation exposure associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, as well as
from the exposure associated with transactions of our subsidiaries that are denominated in a currency other than the respective subsidiary's functional currency. While our financial results are
reported in U.S. Dollars, the financial statements of many of our subsidiaries outside the U.S. are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency. During consolidation, these results
are translated into U.S. Dollars by applying appropriate exchange rates. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar relative to the local currencies in which our foreign
subsidiaries report could cause significant fluctuations in our reported results. Moreover, as exchange rates vary, revenue and other operating results may differ materially from our expectations. The
unfavorable effects of changes in currency exchange rates decreased our 2015 and 2014 revenues by approximately $184.4 million or 10.2% and $25.4 million, or 1.4%, respectively.
Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as a separate component of shareholders' equity. In the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded net losses from
currency translation adjustments of $63.8 million. In the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded net losses from currency translation of $131.7 million.  

         Additionally,
to the extent monetary assets and liabilities, including debt, are held in a different currency than the reporting subsidiary's functional currency, fluctuations in
currency exchange rates may have a significant impact on our reported financial results, and may lead to increased earnings volatility. We may record significant gains or losses related to both the
translation of assets and liabilities held by our subsidiaries into local currencies and the remeasurement of inter-company receivables and loan balances.  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Unfavorable economic or political conditions in the countries in which we operate may have an
adverse impact on our business results or financial condition.   

         Our businesses and results of operations are affected by international, national and regional economic and political conditions. Many
of the countries in which we operate, including the U.S., China, Japan, Southeast Asia, Russia, and certain countries in Europe, have experienced and will continue to experience uncertain economic
conditions. Our businesses or financial results may be adversely impacted by unfavorable changes in economic or political conditions in these countries, including adverse changes in interest rates or
tax rates, volatile financial and commodity markets, contraction in the availability of credit in the marketplace, and changes in capital spending patterns.  


         Our
revenue from U.S. operations represented approximately 23% and 21% of total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our revenue from operations in Europe
represented approximately 42% and 41% of total consolidated revenue for the corresponding periods. Our revenue from operations in the Asia Pacific region represented approximately 26% and 27% of total
consolidated revenue for the corresponding periods. If economic growth in the U.S. and other countries slows or does not improve, current economic conditions do not improve or deteriorate further, or
if the level of government funding for scientific research is reduced, our current or potential customers may delay or reduce purchases which could, in turn, result in reductions in sales of our
products, materially and adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows.  


         Continued
volatility and disruption of global financial markets could limit our customers' ability to obtain adequate financing to maintain operations and proceed with planned or new
capital spending initiatives, leading to a reduction in sales volume that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Continuation of an economic downturn may also
lead to increased pricing pressure for our products and services and a reduction in our operating margins and profitability. In addition, a decline in our customers' ability to pay as a result of a
slow-down in the general global or local economy may lead to increased difficulties in the collection of our accounts receivable, higher levels of allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of
accounts receivable, and higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues. We cannot predict how current or worsening economic conditions or political instability will affect our customers and
suppliers or how any negative impact on our customers and suppliers might adversely impact our business results or financial condition.  

 


 


We derive a significant portion of our revenue from international sales and are subject to the risks
of doing business in foreign countries.   

         International sales account, and are expected to continue to account, for a significant portion of our total revenues. Our revenue from
non-U.S. operations represented approximately 77% and 79% of our total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our international operations are, and will continue to be, subject
to a variety of risks associated with conducting business internationally, many of which are beyond our control. These risks, which may adversely affect our ability to achieve and maintain
profitability and our ability to sell our products internationally, include: 

 
 
 •  changes in foreign currency translation rates;  
 •  changes in regulatory requirements;  
 •  legislation and regulation, including tariffs, relating to the import or export of high technology products;    
 •  the imposition of government controls;  
 •  political and economic instability, including international hostilities, acts of terrorism and governmental restrictions, inflation,
trade relationships and military and political alliances;  
 •  costs and risks of deploying systems in foreign countries;  
 
 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  compliance with export laws and controls and trade embargoes in multiple jurisdictions;    
 •  limited intellectual property rights;  
 •  the burden of complying with a wide variety of complex foreign laws and treaties, including unfavorable labor regulations,
specifically those applicable to our European operations; and  
 •  compliance with U.S. and local laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad, including the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, or FCPA, and local anti-bribery laws.  
 

         While
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations in the future.  

 


 


If we are not able to successfully integrate the businesses we acquire through mergers, acquisitions
or strategic alliances, we may not be able to realize all of the cost savings and other benefits that we expect to result from the transactions and our financial results may be different than
expected.   

         Our strategy includes expanding our technology base and product offerings through selected mergers, acquisitions and strategic
alliances. For example, since 2011, we have completed the acquisition of five businesses to expand our technologies and product offerings. As a result of such transactions, our financial results may
differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long term.  

         Successful
integration of the businesses we acquire involves a number of risks, including, among others, risks related to: 

 
 
 •  coordinating or consolidating geographically separate organizations and integrating personnel with different business backgrounds and
corporate cultures;  
 •  integrating previously autonomous departments in sales and marketing, distribution, and accounting and administrative functions, and
information and management systems;  
 •  diversion of resources and management time;  
 •  disruption of our ongoing business;  
 •  potential impairment of relationships with customers as a result of changes in management or otherwise arising out of such
transactions; and  
 •  retention of key employees of the acquired businesses within the first one to two years after the acquisition, including the risk that
they may compete with us subsequently.  
 

         We
may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company or business in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or
product lines. As a result, we may not realize the value from expected synergies. Transactions such as acquisitions have resulted, and may in the future result, in unexpected significant costs and
expenses. In the future, we may be required to record charges to earnings during the period if we determine there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, up to the full amount of the value
of the assets.  

 


 


It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving margins, profitability and cash
flow.   

         Since 2012, we have been pursuing a number of strategies to improve our financial performance, including implementing various
productivity improvement initiatives at both BSI and BEST in an effort to streamline our operations. These initiatives include the divestiture of certain non-core businesses, outsourcing of various
manufacturing activities and transferring or ceasing operations at certain facilities.  

 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these efforts may not result in the expected improvement in our margins, profitability or cash flow. Anticipated
benefits to our operating and financial performance might be reduced or delayed as a result of difficulties in implementing these initiatives, which may include complications in the transfer of assets
and production knowledge, loss of key employees and/or customers, the disruption of ongoing business and possible inconsistencies in standards, controls and procedures. Implementation costs also might
exceed our expectations and further cost reduction measures might become necessary, resulting in additional future charges. Our ability to successfully implement these strategies and achieve our
objectives will also depend on our ability to identify, attract and retain management and other personnel with the skills and experience
needed to effectively manage the restructuring process and drive our operating performance improvement during and after implementation of our restructuring initiatives.  


         These
restructuring actions may also have unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond our intended reduction in workforce, reduced employee morale and loss of customer
relationships. We also may undertake additional restructuring activities in the future. Because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether we will realize the purpose and anticipated
benefits of our restructuring and related measures, and if we do not, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.  

 


 


Goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets are subject to impairment.   

         We have recorded goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets which must be periodically evaluated for potential impairment.
We assess the realizability of the reported goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets annually, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be
impaired. These events or circumstances generally include operating losses or a significant decline in the earnings associated with the reporting unit these assets are reported within. A decline in
our stock price and market capitalization may also cause us to consider whether goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets may require an impairment assessment. Our ability to realize the
value of these assets will depend on the future cash flows of the reporting unit in addition to how well we integrate the businesses we acquire. We have recorded impairment losses of
$4.6 million and $11.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. No impairment losses were recorded in the year ended December 31, 2013.  

 


 


If our products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance across their broad intended
range of applications, we will not generate expected revenue.   

         Our business strategy depends on our ability to successfully commercialize a broad range of products based on our technology platforms,
including magnetic resonance technology, mass spectrometry technology, gas chromatography technology, X-ray technology, atomic force microscopy technology, stylus and optical metrology technology,
infrared and superconducting magnet technologies for use in a variety of life science, chemistry and materials analysis applications. Some of our products have only recently been commercially launched
and have achieved only limited sales to date. The commercial success of our products depends on obtaining and expanding market acceptance by a diverse array of industrial, academic, medical research
and governmental customers around the world. We may fail to achieve or sustain substantial market acceptance for our products across the full range of our intended applications or in one or more of
our principal intended applications. Any such failure could decrease our sales and revenue. To succeed, we must convince substantial numbers of potential customers to invest in new systems or replace
their existing techniques with X-ray, magnetic resonance, mass spectrometry and vibrational spectroscopy techniques employing our systems. Limited funding available for capital acquisitions by our
customers, as well as our
customers' own internal purchasing approval policies, could hinder market acceptance of our products. Our intended customers may be reluctant to make the substantial capital investment generally
needed to acquire our products or to incur the training and other costs involved with replacing their existing systems with our products. We  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 also
may not be able to convince our intended customers that our systems are an attractive and cost-effective alternative to other technologies and systems for the acquisition, analysis and management
of molecular information. Additionally, if ethical and other concerns surrounding the use of genetic information, gene therapy or genetically modified organisms become widespread, we may have less
demand for our products. Because of these and other factors, our products may fail to gain or sustain market acceptance.  

 


 


Our products compete in markets that are subject to rapid technological change, and one or more of
the technologies underlying our products could be made obsolete by new technology.   

         The market for discovery and analysis tools is characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product introductions.
Rapidly changing technology could make some or our entire product lines obsolete unless we are able to continually improve our existing products and develop new products. Because substantially all of
our products are based on our technology platforms, including magnetic resonance technology, mass spectrometry technology, gas chromatography technology, X-ray technology, atomic force microscopy
technology, stylus and optical metrology technology and infrared, we are particularly vulnerable to any technological advances that would make these techniques obsolete as the basis for analytical
systems in any of our markets. To meet the evolving needs of our customers, we must rapidly and continually enhance our current and planned products and services and develop and introduce new products
and services. In addition, our product lines are based on complex technologies which are subject to rapid change as new technologies are developed and introduced in the marketplace. We may have
difficulty in keeping abreast of the rapid changes affecting each of the different markets we serve or intend to serve. If we fail to develop and introduce products in a timely manner in response to
changing technology, market demands or the requirements of our customers, our product sales may decline, and we could experience significant losses. Currently in our backlog, we have orders totaling
$100.1 million for ultra-high field magnets. If we are unable to reach the technical feasibility for these magnets, we will be unable to fulfill customer orders where alternate arrangements
have not been provided for in customer contracts. Additional risks include extraordinary warranty expenses, rework and potential inventory write-offs.  

 


 


Our business could be harmed if our collaborations fail to advance our product development.   

         Demand for our products will depend, in part, upon the extent to which our collaborations with pharmaceutical, biotechnology and
proteomics companies are successful in developing, or helping us to develop, new products and new applications for our existing products. In addition, we collaborate with academic institutions and
government research laboratories on product development. We have limited or no control over the resources that any collaborator may devote to our products. Any of our present or future collaborators
may not perform their obligations as expected. If we fail to enter into or maintain appropriate collaboration agreements, or if any of these events occur, we may not be able to develop some of our new
products, which could materially impede our ability to generate revenue or profits.  

 


 


We face substantial competition.   

         We face substantial competition in a consolidating industry and we expect that competition in all of our markets will increase further.
Currently, our principal competition comes from established companies providing products using existing technologies which perform many of the same functions for which we market our products. A number
of our competitors have expanded their market share in recent years through business combinations. Other companies also may choose to enter our fields in the future. Our competitors may develop or
market products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future products or that may render our products obsolete. Competition has in the past subjected, and is likely in
the future to subject, our products to pricing pressure. Many  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 of
our competitors have more experience in the market and substantially greater financial, operational, marketing and technical resources than we do, which could give them a competitive edge in areas
such as research and development, production, marketing and distribution. Our ability to compete successfully will depend, in part, on our ability to develop proprietary products that reach the market
in a timely manner and are technologically superior to, less expensive than, or more cost-effective than, other currently marketed products.  

 


 


If we lose our strategic partners, our marketing efforts could be impaired.   

         A substantial portion of our sales of selected products consists of sales to third parties who incorporate our products into their
systems. These third parties are responsible for the marketing and sales of their systems. We have little or no control over their marketing and sales activities or how they use their resources. Our
present or future strategic partners may or may not purchase sufficient quantities of products from us or perform appropriate marketing and sales activities. In addition, if we are unable to maintain
our relationships with strategic partners, our business may suffer. Failures by our present or future strategic partners, or our inability to maintain or enter into new arrangements with strategic
partners for product distribution, could materially impede the growth of our business and our ability to generate sufficient revenue and profits.  

 


 


We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties that we do not control,
which could harm our business.   

         We sell some products through third party agents, including distributors and value-added resellers. This exposes us to various risks,
including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks and compliance risks. We may rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market, and the loss of these
distributors could reduce our revenue and net earnings. Distributors may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables. Risks related
to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position. Moreover, violations of the FCPA or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third party
agents could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations.  

 


 


Dependence on contract manufacturing may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market
and damage our reputation.   

         As part of our efforts to streamline our operations and reduce our operating costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes
and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to
market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our
customers' orders on a timely basis. The ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. Additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers could cause
disruptions or delays. Problems with outsourced manufacturing could result in lower revenues and unexecuted efficiencies, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

 


 


If investment in life science research spending declines, our ability to generate revenue may
suffer.   

         We are dependent, both directly and indirectly, upon general investment in life science research, particularly in the research and
development budgets of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, as well as upon the financial condition and funding priorities of various governments and government agencies. Since our
inception, both we and our academic collaborators and customers have benefited from various governmental contracts and research grants. Whether we or our academic  

 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 collaborators
will continue to be able to attract these grants depends not only on the quality of our products, but also on general spending patterns of public institutions.  


 


 


Any reduction in the capital resources or government funding of our customers could reduce our sales
and impede our ability to generate revenue.   

         A significant portion of our sales are capital purchases by our customers. The spending policies of our customers could have a
significant effect on the demand for our products. These policies are based on a wide variety of factors, including the resources available to make purchases, the spending priorities among various
types of equipment, policies regarding spending during recessionary periods and changes in the political climate. Any changes in capital spending or changes in the capital budgets of our customers
could significantly reduce demand for our products. The capital resources of our life science and other corporate customers may be limited by the availability of equity or debt financing. Any
significant decline in research and development expenditures by our life science customers could significantly decrease our sales. In addition, a substantial portion of our sales are to non-profit and
government entities, which are dependent on government support for scientific research. Any decline in this support could decrease the ability of these customers to purchase our products.  

 


 


Disruptions at any of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business.   

         We have manufacturing facilities located in the U.S., Europe and Japan. Many of our products are developed and manufactured at single
locations, with limited alternate facilities. If we experience any significant disruption of those facilities for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire,
earthquakes, or other events beyond our control, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. During 2015, we implemented a restructuring plan to close one of
our manufacturing facilities in Germany and move production to existing facilities in Switzerland and France for our high-field magnets. The closure of this facility will be completed in 2016. A
reduction or interruption in manufacturing could harm our customer relationships, impede our ability to generate revenues from our backlog or obtain new orders and could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  

 


 


If we fail to extend or renegotiate our primary collective bargaining contracts with labor unions as
they expire from time to time, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
could be materially adversely affected.   

         We are a party to collective bargaining contracts with labor unions, primarily in Germany and France. Although we believe that our
relations with our employees are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as they expire from time to
time. If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, if disputes with unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption, we
could experience a significant disruption of, or inefficiencies in, our operations or incur higher labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity.  

 


 


Our operations are dependent upon a limited number of suppliers and contract manufacturers.   

         We currently purchase components used in our products from a limited number of outside suppliers. Our reliance on a limited number of
suppliers could result in time delays associated with redesigning a product due to an inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components and reduced control over pricing, quality and timely
delivery. Any of these factors could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. In particular, our X-ray microanalysis business, which manufactures and sells accessories for electron
microscopes, is partially dependent on cooperation from larger manufacturers  

 24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 of
electron microscopes. Additionally, our elemental analysis business purchases certain optical detectors from a single supplier, PerkinElmer, Inc., the sole supplier of these detector
components. Bruker CALID purchases detectors and power supplies from sole or limited source suppliers and its focal plane array detectors from a single supplier, Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Similarly, Bruker BioSpin obtains various components from sole or limited source suppliers and BEST obtains various raw materials and uses key production equipment from sole or limited source
suppliers or contract manufacturers. There are limited, if any, available alternatives to these suppliers. The existence of shortages of these components or the failure of delivery with regard to
these components could have a material adverse effect upon our revenues and margins. In addition, price increases from these suppliers or contract manufacturers could have a material adverse effect
upon our gross margins.  

         Because
of the scarcity of some components, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of components, or we may be required to pay higher prices or to purchase components of lesser
quality. Any delay or interruption in the supply of these or other components could impair our ability to manufacture and deliver our products, harm our reputation and cause a reduction in our
revenues. In addition, any increase in the cost of the components that we use in our products could make our products less competitive and decrease our gross margins. We may not be able to obtain
sufficient quantities of required components on the same or substantially the same terms. Additionally, consolidation among our suppliers could result in other sole source suppliers for us in the
future.  

 


 


Supply shortages and increasing prices of raw materials could adversely affect the gross margins and
profitability of the Bruker BioSpin Group and of our Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies business.   

         The last few years have seen periodic supply shortages and sharp increases in the prices for various raw materials, in part due to high
demand from developing countries. Bruker BioSpin and BEST rely on some of these materials for the production of their products. In particular, for its superconducting magnet production, both for the
horizontal and vertical magnet series, Bruker BioSpin relies on the availability of copper, steel and the metallic raw materials for traditional low-temperature superconducting wires. Similarly, BEST
relies on the availability of niobium titanium for its production of low-temperature superconducting materials and devices. Higher prices for these commodities will increase the production cost of
superconducting wires and superconducting magnets and may adversely affect gross margins.  

         The
prices of copper and certain other raw materials used for superconductors have increased significantly over the last decade. Since copper is a main constituent of low temperature
superconductors, this may affect the price of superconducting wire. This type of increase would have an immediate effect on the production costs of superconducting magnets and may negatively affect
the
profit margins for those products. In addition, an increase in raw material cost affects the production cost of the superconducting wire produced by BEST and of superconducting wire used by Bruker
BioSpin.  

         The
demand for helium has also risen sharply over the last decade, leading to a global supply shortage. The superconducting magnets used in magnetic resonance rely on liquid helium for
their operation. High global demand, in combination with periodic supply shortages, has caused prices for liquid helium to rise significantly. This has an adverse effect on the operating costs for
magnetic resonance equipment, and may impede sales of superconducting magnets, or of systems that use superconducting magnets, such as our NMR, MRI, certain EPR and FTMS systems. Even if our customer
orders are not affected, delayed liquid helium deliveries can lead to delays in systems acceptance, revenue recognition and payment for such magnets or systems which could impact our profitability in
any particular period. If limited helium availability continues to drive up pricing, our margins and profitability could be adversely affected.  

 25 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   


 


 


Regulations related to "conflict minerals" may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit
the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products.   

         Regulations require disclosures by public companies of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the
functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. This requires the performance of due diligence to determine whether or not such minerals originate from the
Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country. These regulations could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals used in the
manufacture of our products, including tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten. The number of suppliers who provide conflict-free minerals may be limited. In addition, there may be material costs associated
with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes
or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. As our supply chain is complex and we use contract manufacturers for some of our products, we may not be able to sufficiently
verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. In addition, we may encounter challenges to
satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our
products be certified as conflict-free, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to do so.  

 


 


Our manufacture and sale of products could lead to product liability claims for which we could have
substantial liability.   

         The manufacture and sale of our products expose us to product liability claims if any of our products cause injury or are found
otherwise unsuitable during manufacturing, marketing, sale or customer use. In particular, if one of our CBRNE detection products malfunctions, this could lead to civilian or military casualties in a
time of unrest, exposing us to increased potential for high-profile liability. If our CBRNE detection products malfunction by generating a false-positive to a potential threat, we could be exposed to
liabilities associated with actions taken that otherwise would not have been required. Additionally, the nuclear magnetic resonance, research magnetic resonance imaging, Fourier transform mass
spectrometry and certain electron paramagnetic resonance magnets of Bruker BioSpin utilize high magnet fields and cryogenics to operate at approximately 4 Kelvin, the temperature of liquid helium.
There is an inherent risk of potential product liability due to the existence of these high magnetic fields, associated stray fields outside the magnet, and the handling of the cryogens associated
with superconducting magnets. In addition, our MALDI Biotyper product has an IVD-CE mark and is used for the identification of microorganisms. Misidentification or a false-negative of certain
bacteria, yeasts or fungi could lead to inappropriate treatment for patients, and could expose us to product liability claims.  

         A
successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of, or outside the coverage of, our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, and insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential
liabilities.  

 


 


Responding to claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of hazardous chemicals and
radioactive and biological materials which we use could be time consuming and costly.   

         We use controlled hazardous and radioactive materials in our business and generate wastes that are regulated as hazardous wastes under
U.S. federal, and Massachusetts, California, Washington and Wisconsin state, environmental and atomic energy regulatory laws and under equivalent provisions of law in those jurisdictions in which our
research and manufacturing facilities are located. Our use of these substances and materials is subject to stringent, and periodically changing, regulation that can impose costly compliance
obligations on us and have the potential to adversely affect our manufacturing activities. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 completely
eliminated. If an accident with these substances occurs, we could be held liable for any damages that result, in addition to incurring clean-up costs and liabilities, which can be
substantial. Additionally, an accident could damage our research and manufacturing facilities resulting in delays and increased costs.  


 


 


In addition to the risks applicable to our life science and materials analysis products, our CBRNE
detection products are subject to a number of additional risks, including lengthy product development and contract negotiation periods and certain risks inherent in long-term government contracts.   

         Our CBRNE detection products are subject to many of the same risks associated with our life science products, including vulnerability
to rapid technological change, dependence on mass spectrometry and other technologies and substantial competition. In addition, our CBRNE detection products and certain FT-IR products are generally
sold to government agencies under long-term contracts. These contracts generally involve lengthy pre-contract negotiations and product development. We may be required to devote substantial working
capital and other resources prior to obtaining product orders. As a result, we may incur substantial costs before we recognize revenue from these products. Moreover, in return for larger, longer-term
contracts, our customers for these products often demand more stringent acceptance criteria. These criteria may also cause delays in our ability to recognize revenue from sales of these products.
Furthermore, we may not be able to accurately predict in advance our costs to fulfill our obligations under these long-term contracts. If we fail to accurately predict our costs, due to inflation or
other factors, we could incur significant losses. Also, the presence or absence of such contracts may cause substantial variation in our results of operations between fiscal periods and, as a result,
our results of operations for any given fiscal period may not be predictive of our results for subsequent fiscal periods. The resulting uncertainty may have an adverse impact on our stock price.  

 


 


We are subject to existing and potential additional regulation and government inquiry, which can
impose burdens on our operations and narrow the markets for our products.   

         We are subject, both directly and indirectly, to the adverse impact of existing and potential future government regulation of our
operations and markets. For example, exportation of our products, particularly our CBRNE detection products, is subject to strict regulatory control in a number of jurisdictions. The failure to
satisfy export control criteria or obtain necessary clearances could delay or prevent shipment of products, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.  

         In
addition, as a result of our international operations, we are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the FCPA and local anti-bribery laws in the
jurisdictions in which we do business, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries or agents from engaging in bribery or making improper payments to foreign officials or their agents.
The FCPA also requires proper record keeping and characterization of such payments in our reports filed with the SEC. Despite maintaining policies and procedures that require our employees to comply
with these laws and our standards of ethical conduct, we cannot ensure that these policies and procedures will always protect us from intentional, reckless or negligent acts committed by our employees
or agents. In December 2014, we resolved an investigation of the SEC into possible violations of the FCPA arising from past conduct of our subsidiaries operating in China, following our voluntary
disclosure to the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC in 2011 of the results of an investigation by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors regarding these matters. In connection with the
resolution, we consented to the entry of an administrative cease-and-desist order by the SEC concerning violations of the books and records and internal controls provisions of the FCPA and paid an
aggregate amount of approximately $2.4 million, consisting of $1.7 million in disgorgement, $0.3 million in prejudgment interest, and a $0.4 million penalty. Additionally,
we incurred legal and professional fees associated with the investigation and settlement of approximately $25.1 million. Any future investigations or violations of  

 27 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 the
FCPA or other anti-bribery laws and regulations could result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, and restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in
one or more countries, and could also materially affect our reputation, our relationships with existing customers, distributors and agents, our ability to obtain new customers and partners and our
operating results.  

         Moreover,
the life sciences industry, which is the market for our principal products, has historically been heavily regulated. There are, for example, laws in several jurisdictions
restricting research in genetic engineering, which can operate to narrow our markets. Given the evolving nature of this industry, legislative bodies or regulatory authorities may adopt additional
regulation that adversely affects our market opportunities. Our business is also directly affected by a wide variety of government regulations applicable to business enterprises generally and to
companies operating in the life sciences industry in particular.  

         As
a result of developing and selling products which are the subject of such regulations, we have been, are, and expect to be in the future, subject to inquiries from the government
agencies which enforce these regulations, including the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of
Defense, among others, as well as from state or foreign governments and their departments and agencies. As a result, from time to time, the attention of our management and other resources may be
diverted to attend to
these inquiries. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations or obtain or maintain necessary permits and licenses could result in a variety of fines or other censures or an interruption in
our business operations which may have a negative impact on our ability to generate revenues and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

         Our
clinical products are subject to regulation by the FDA. These regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to
labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. If we or any of our suppliers or distributors fail to comply with FDA and other applicable regulatory requirements, or are perceived to
potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity affecting both us and our customers; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines,
injunctions, and civil penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; increased difficulty in
obtaining required FDA clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell such products. Any such FDA actions could
disrupt our business and operations, lead to significant remedial costs and have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.  


 


 


Our success depends on our ability to operate without infringing or misappropriating the proprietary
rights of others.   

         Our commercial success depends on avoiding the infringement of other parties' patents and proprietary rights as well as avoiding the
breach of any licenses relating to our technologies and products. Given that there may be patents of which we are unaware, particularly in the U.S. where patent applications are confidential,
avoidance of patent infringement may be difficult. Various third parties hold patents which may relate to our technology, and we may be found in the future to infringe these or other patents or
proprietary rights of third parties, either with products we are currently marketing or developing or with new products which we may develop in the future. If a third party holding rights under a
patent successfully asserts an infringement claim with respect to any of our current or future products, we may be prevented from manufacturing or marketing our infringing product in the country or
countries covered by the patent we infringe, unless we can obtain a license  

 28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 from
the patent holder. We may not be able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, especially if the patent holder is a competitor. In addition, even if we can obtain the
license, it may be non-exclusive, which will permit others to practice the same technology licensed to us. We also may be required to pay substantial damages to the patent holder in the event of an
infringement. Under some circumstances in the U.S., these damages could include damages equal to triple the actual
damages the patent holder incurs. If we have supplied infringing products to third parties for marketing by them or licensed third parties to manufacture, use or market infringing products, we may be
obligated to indemnify these third parties for any damages they may be required to pay to the patent holder and for any losses the third parties may sustain themselves as the result of lost sales or
license payments they are required to make to the patent holder. Any successful infringement action brought against us may also adversely affect marketing of the infringing product in other markets
not covered by the infringement action, as well as our marketing of other products based on similar technology. Furthermore, we will suffer adverse consequences from a successful infringement action
against us even if the action is subsequently reversed on appeal, nullified through another action or resolved by settlement with the patent holder. The damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may
be significant. As a result, any successful infringement action against us may harm our business.  

 


 


If we are unable to effectively protect our intellectual property, third parties may use our
technology, which would impair our ability to compete in our markets.   

         Our continued success will depend in significant part on our ability to obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for our
products throughout the world. We rely on patents to protect a significant part of our intellectual property and to enhance our competitive position. However, our presently pending or future patent
applications may not issue as patents, and any patent previously issued to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. Furthermore, the claims in patents which have been
issued, or which may be issued to us in the future, may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing products similar to our products. In addition, the laws of various
foreign countries in which we compete may not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Failure to obtain adequate patent protection for our proprietary
technology could materially impair our ability to be commercially competitive.  

         In
addition to patent protection, we also rely on the protection of trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. To maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets
and proprietary information, we generally seek to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and strategic partners upon the commencement of a relationship with us. However,
we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances. In the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information, these agreements, even if obtained, may not provide meaningful protection
for our trade secrets or other confidential information. In addition, adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information. The loss or exposure of our
trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and future growth
prospects. Furthermore, others may have, or may in the future independently develop, substantially similar or superior know-how and technology.  


 


 


We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents that are brought by us which could
be expensive and time consuming and, if determined adversely, could adversely affect our patent position.   

         In order to protect or enforce our patent rights, we may initiate patent litigation against third parties, and we may be similarly sued
by others. We may also become subject to interference proceedings conducted in the patent and trademark offices of various countries to determine the priority of inventions. The defense and
prosecution, if necessary, of intellectual property suits, interference proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings is costly and diverts our  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 technical
and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. We may not prevail in any of these suits. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put our patents
at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing.  


         Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could
be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other
interim proceedings or developments in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial negative effect on the trading price of
our common stock.  

 


 


We rely on information technology to support our operations and reporting environments. A security
failure of that technology could impact our ability to operate our businesses effectively, adversely affect our financial results, damage our reputation and expose us to potential liability or
litigation.   

         We use information systems to carry out our operations and maintain our business records. Some systems are internally managed and some
are maintained by third-party service providers. We and our service providers employ what we believe are adequate security measures. Our ability to conduct business could be materially and adversely
affected if these systems or resources are compromised, damaged or fail. This could be a result of a cyber-incident, natural disaster, hardware or software corruption, failure or error,
telecommunications system failure, service provider error or failure, intentional or unintentional personnel actions or other disruption.  

         In
the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, other proprietary information and personally identifiable information. If this
data is compromised, destroyed or inappropriately disclosed, it could have a material adverse effect, including damage to our reputation, loss of customers, significant expenses to address and resolve
the issues, or litigation or other proceedings by affected individuals, business partners or regulatory authorities.  

 


 


Our debt may adversely affect our cash flow and may restrict our investment opportunities or limit
our activities.   

         As of December 31, 2015, we had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of debt totaling approximately $266.7 million,
including $240.0 million of senior unsecured notes, $25.0 million of long-term borrowings under our revolving loan facility and $1.7 million of other debt. We also had the ability
to borrow an additional $474.0 million from our existing credit facilities. Most of our outstanding debt is in the U.S. and there are substantial cash requirements in the U.S. to service debt
interest obligations, fund operations, capital expenditures, our declared dividends, our share repurchase program and finance potential acquisitions. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations and
meet our other liquidity needs depends on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash
flow to meet our debt obligations or provide sufficient funds for our other objectives. If we are unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic
acquisitions, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures, suspend our share repurchase program or dividend payments. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms
acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, a majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is generated from foreign operations, with $420.9 million, or 90% held by foreign
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow in the U.S. to
address our funding requirements through cash from operations, efficient and timely repatriation of cash from overseas or other sources obtained at an acceptable cost.  

 30 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         Additionally,
the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain certain financial ratios related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage and contain negative
covenants, including among others, restrictions on liens, indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, asset sales, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Our ability to comply with these
financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as
foreign currency translation rates and interest rates. Our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which
could permit acceleration of the debt under the facility and require us to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.  

 


 


Various international tax risks could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.   

         We are subject to international tax risks. We could be subject to double taxation on income related to operations in certain countries
that do not have tax treaties with the country of the trading partner. In addition, we may have a higher effective income tax rate than that of other companies in our industry if losses incurred by
one operating company are not available to offset the income of an operating company located in another country. Also, distributions of earnings and other payments received from our subsidiaries may
be subject to withholding taxes imposed by the countries where they are operating or are incorporated. If these foreign countries do not have income tax treaties with the U.S. or the countries where
our subsidiaries are incorporated, we could be subject to high rates of withholding taxes on these distributions and payments. Additionally, the amount of the credit that we may claim against our U.S.
federal income tax for foreign income taxes paid or accrued is subject to many limitations which may significantly restrict our ability to claim a credit for all of the foreign taxes we pay.  


         We
currently have reserves established on the statutory books of certain of our international legal entities. Within our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, the potential tax liabilities associated with these reserves have been recorded as long-term deferred tax
liabilities. If these reserves are challenged, and we are unable to successfully defend the need for such reserves, these liabilities could become current resulting in a negative impact to our
anticipated cash flows from operations over the next twelve months.  

 


 


The unpredictability and fluctuation of our quarterly results may adversely affect the trading price
of our common stock.   

         Our revenues and results of operations have in the past and will in the future vary from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors,
many of which are outside of our control and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. The primary factors that may affect us include the
following: 

 
 
 •  the timing of sales of our products and services;  
 •  the timing of recognizing revenue and deferred revenue under U.S. GAAP;  
 •  changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;  
 •  increases in sales and marketing, product development or administration expenses;  
 •  the mix of services provided by us and third-party contractors;  
 •  our ability to attain and maintain quality levels for our products;  
 •  costs related to acquisitions of technology or businesses; and  
 •  the effectiveness of transactions entered into to hedge the risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations.  
 
 31 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         Historically
we have higher levels of revenue in the fourth quarter of the year compared to the first, second and third quarters, which we believe is due to our customers' budgeting
cycles. Quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. It is likely that in some future quarters, our results of
operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In this event, the price of our common stock may fall.  

 


 


Existing stockholders have significant influence over us.   

         As of February 22, 2016, Laukien family members, including our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Frank Laukien and
Director and Executive Chairman of the Bruker BioSpin Group Joerg Laukien, owned, in the aggregate, approximately 35% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders will be able to
exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This could have the effect of
delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and will make some transactions difficult to accomplish without the support of these stockholders.  


 


 


Other companies may have difficulty acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders,
due to provisions under our corporate charter and bylaws, as well as Delaware law.   

         Provisions in our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws, as well as Delaware law could make it more difficult for
other companies to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws contain the following provisions, among others, which may
inhibit an acquisition of our company by a third party: 

 
 
 •  a staggered Board of Directors, where stockholders elect only a minority of the board each year;    
 •  advance notification procedures for matters to be brought before stockholder meetings;    
 •  a limitation on who may call stockholder meetings; and  
 •  the ability of our Board of Directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock without a stockholder vote.  
 

   
       ITEM 1B     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         We have not received any written comments from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding our periodic or current
reports that (1) we believe are material, (2) were issued not less than 180 days before the end of our 2015 fiscal year end, and (3) remain unresolved.  

   
       ITEM 2     PROPERTIES          

         We believe that our existing principal facilities are well maintained and in good operating condition and that they are adequate for
our foreseeable business needs. During 2015, we implemented a restructuring plan to close one of our manufacturing facilities in Germany and move production to existing facilities in Switzerland and
France for our high-field magnets. The closure of this facility will be completed in 2016 and minimal interruption in our manufacturing process is expected. We will continue to assess restructuring
and outsourcing initiatives and the impact on our properties in the future.  

         In
addition to the principal facilities noted below we lease additional facilities for sales, applications and service support in various countries throughout the world including
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Russia,
Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Kingdom and the  

 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 U.S.
If we should require additional or alternative facilities, we believe that such facilities can be obtained on short notice at competitive rates.  

         The
location and general character of our principal properties by operating segment are as follows:  


 


 


BSI Segment:   

         Bruker BioSpin's six principal facilities are located in Rheinstetten, Ettlingen and Karlsruhe, Germany; Faellanden, Switzerland;
Wissembourg, France; and Billerica, Massachusetts, U.S.A. These facilities, which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and
administration functions for the businesses of Bruker BioSpin, include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 475,000 square foot facility in Rheinstetten, Germany;  
 •  an owned 360,000 square foot facility in Ettlingen, Germany;  
 •  an owned 345,000 square foot facility in Karlsruhe, Germany;  
 •  an owned 300,000 square foot facility and a leased 70,000 square foot facility in Faellanden, Switzerland;    
 •  an owned 185,000 square foot facility and a leased 18,000 square foot facility in Wissembourg, France; and    
 •  a leased 50,000 square foot facility and a leased 30,000 square foot facility in Billerica, Massachusetts, U.S.A.  
 

         Bruker
CALID's four principal facilities are located in Bremen, Ettlingen and Leipzig, Germany; and Billerica, Massachusetts, U.S.A. These facilities, which incorporate manufacturing,
research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the mass spectrometry and CBRNE businesses of Bruker CALID,
include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 270,500 square foot facility in Bremen, Germany;  
 •  an owned 165,000 square foot facility in Ettlingen, Germany;  
 •  an owned 165,000 square foot facility in Leipzig, Germany; and  
 •  an owned 90,000 square foot facility and a leased 26,000 square foot facility in Billerica, Massachusetts, U.S.A.  
 

         Bruker
Nano's six principal facilities are located in Karlsruhe, Berlin and Kalkar, Germany; Migdal Ha'Emek, Israel; Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.; and Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A.
These facilities, which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the businesses of Bruker Nano,
include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 76,000 square foot facility and an owned 46,000 square foot facility in Karlsruhe, Germany;    
 •  an owned 100,000 square foot facility in Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A.;  
 •  an owned 87,000 square foot facility in Berlin, Germany;  
 •  an owned 43,000 square foot facility in Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.;  
 •  an owned 26,000 square foot facility in Kalkar, Germany; and  
 •  a leased 22,000 square foot facility in Migdal Ha'Emek, Israel.  
 
 33 

 
 

 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


BEST Segment:   

         BEST's four principal facilities are located in Hanau, Bergisch Gladbach and Alzenau, Germany and Perth, Scotland. These facilities,
which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the business of BEST,
include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 47,000 square foot facility in Perth, Scotland;  
 •  a leased 170,000 square foot facility in Hanau, Germany;  
 •  a leased 66,000 square foot facility in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany; and  
 •  a leased 31,000 square foot facility in Alzenau, Germany.   
 

   
       ITEM 3     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         We are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including, but not limited to, patent and commercial matters,
which arise in the ordinary course of business. There are no matters pending that we currently believe are reasonably possible of having a material impact on our business or to our consolidated
financial statements.   

   
       ITEM 4     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE          

         Not applicable.  

 34 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          

   
       ITEM 5     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES     
 


 


 


Market Prices   

         Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "BRKR." The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the high and low sales prices for our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   First Quarter 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.06 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.95 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 2015 
   
   
 22.32 
   
   
 18.02 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 2015 
   
   
 21.73 
   
   
 16.22 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 2015 
   
   
 25.23 
   
   
 15.78 
   
 
 
   First Quarter 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 
24.40 
   
 
 
$ 
 
19.06 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 2014 
   
   
 24.93 
   
   
 19.73 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 2014 
   
   
 24.90 
   
   
 18.42 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 2014 
   
   
 21.05 
   
   
 17.26 
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of February 22, 2016, there were approximately 87 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include individual beneficial owners of shares held in nominee
name or within clearinghouse positions of brokerage firms and banks.  

 


 


Dividends   

         As part of our capital allocation strategy, we periodically evaluate how to deploy capital, including evaluating the potential of
initiating a divided in the future. On February 22, 2016, we announced the establishment of a dividend policy and the declaration by our Board of Directors of an initial quarterly cash dividend
in the amount of $0.04 per share of our issued and outstanding common stock. The dividend will be paid on March 24, 2016 to stockholders of record as of March 4, 2016. Under the dividend
policy, we will target a cash dividend to our stockholders in the amount of $0.16 per share per annum, payable in equal quarterly installments. Subsequent dividend declarations and the establishment
of record and payment dates for such future dividend payments, if any, are subject to the Board of Directors' continuing determination that the dividend policy is in the best interests of our
stockholders. The dividend policy may be suspended or cancelled at the discretion of the Board of Directors at any time. We are in compliance with restrictions that the terms of certain debt
facilities place on the amount of cash dividends that we could potentially pay.  

 


 


Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   

         There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2015.  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

         The following table sets forth all purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any "affiliated purchaser," as defined in
Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, of shares of our common stock during each month in the fourth quarter of 2015.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period

 

  
   
 Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased (1)  
   
 Average Price 
Paid per 
Share  
   
 Total Number of 
Shares Purchased as 
Part of Publicly 
Announced Plans or 
Programs (2)  
   
 Maximum Number 
of Shares (or 
approximate dollar 
value) that May Yet 
Be Purchased Under 
the Plans or 
Programs (3)  
   
 
 
   October 1-October 31, 2015 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   November 1-November 30, 2015 
   
   
 889,207 
   
   
 22.34 
   
   
 889,207 
   
   
 205,136,465 
   
 
 
   December 1-December 31, 2015 
   
   
 1,947,835 
   
   
 23.18 
   
   
 1,947,835 
   
   
 159,982,222  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 2,837,042 
   
 
 
$ 
 22.92 
   
   
 2,837,042 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Includes
shares repurchased under a $225 million share repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors and announced on November 13,
2015 (the "Repurchase Program"), under which repurchases of common stock may occur from time to time, in amounts, at prices, and at such times as the Company deems appropriate, subject to market
conditions, legal requirements and other considerations.
 (2) Represents
shares repurchased under the Repurchase Program.
 (3) The
Repurchase Program authorizes purchases of up to $225 million of the Company's common stock over a two-year period commencing November 12,
2015. As of December 31, 2015, approximately $65 million of common shares have been repurchased. The Repurchase Program expires November 11, 2017 and can be suspended, modified or
terminated at any time without prior notice. The Company had previously announced on May 20, 2015 a program approved by the Board of Directors (the "Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program") under
which repurchases were authorized in an amount intended to approximately offset, on an annual basis, the dilutive effect of shares that are or may be issued pursuant to stock option and restricted
stock awards under our long-term incentive plans. The Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program was suspended until January 1, 2017 upon the approval of the Repurchase Program.  
  
  36 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 



 


Stock Price Performance Graph   

         The graph below shows the cumulative stockholder return, assuming the investment of $100 (and the reinvestment of any dividends
thereafter) for the period beginning on December 31, 2010 and ending on December 31, 2015, for our common stock, stocks traded on Nasdaq and a peer group consisting of companies traded
on Nasdaq with Standard Industry Classification, or SIC, codes from 3800 to 3899, representing measuring instruments, photo, medical and optical goods and timepieces and SIC code 3826 Laboratory
Analytical Instruments for U.S. Public Companies for which we will utilize henceforth as we consider this code to most closely align with our peer group. The stock price performance of Bruker
Corporation shown in the following graph is not indicative of future stock price performance.  

 Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return 
Assumes Initial Investment of $100 
December 2015  

 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Cumulative Total Return Index for:


 

  
   
 2010  
   
 2011  
   
 2012  
   
 2013  
   
 2014  
   
 2015  
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 100.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 74.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 91.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 119.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 118.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 146.2 
   
 
 
   NASDAQ Stock Market (US companies) 
   
   
 100.0 
   
   
 100.5 
   
   
 118.9 
   
   
 165.7 
   
   
 191.0 
   
   
 205.8 
   
 
 
   NASDAQ Stock Market (US companies , SIC 3800-3899—measuring instruments, photo, med & optical goods, timepieces) 
   
   
 100.0 
   
   
 103.9 
   
   
 118.0 
   
   
 151.4 
   
   
 174.7 
   
   
 168.6 
   
 
 
   SIC Code 3826 Laborartory Analytical Instruments 
   
   
 100.0 
   
   
 83.7 
   
   
 104.4 
   
   
 148.1 
   
   
 173.0 
   
   
 185.2 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
data for this performance graph was compiled by Zack's Investment Research, Inc. and is used with their permission.  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       ITEM 6     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          

         The consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss) data for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.  

         The
data presented below was derived from consolidated financial statements that were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and should be read with
the consolidated and combined financial statements, including the notes thereto, and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2015 (1)  
   
 2014 (2)  
   
 2013 (3)  
   
 2012 (4)  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions, except per share data) 
   
 
 
   Consolidated/Combined Statements of Income Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,381.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,571.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,611.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,556.5 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,445.6 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 235.5 
   
   
 231.8 
   
   
 219.3 
   
   
 210.0 
   
   
 194.8 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 5.2 
   
   
 8.7 
   
   
 24.9 
   
   
 11.3 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,623.8 
   
   
 1,808.9 
   
   
 1,839.4 
   
   
 1,791.4 
   
   
 1,651.7 
   
 
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
   
   
 1,478.1 
   
   
 1,703.5 
   
   
 1,691.2 
   
   
 1,635.4 
   
   
 1,496.1 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 145.7 
   
   
 105.4 
   
   
 148.2 
   
   
 156.0 
   
   
 155.6 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 101.6 
   
   
 56.7 
   
   
 80.1 
   
   
 77.5 
   
   
 92.3 
   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.34 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.47 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.56 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.46 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.55 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) 2015
includes $29.3 million of restructuring costs and $4.6 million of impairment of goodwill, definite-lived intangible assets and other
long-lived assets.
 (2) 2014
includes $36.1 million of restructuring costs and $11.5 million of impairment of definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived
assets.
 (3) 2013
includes $25.3 million of restructuring costs.
 (4) 2012
includes $23.8 million of an impairment of assets of goodwill, definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets.  
  

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014 (1)  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Consolidated/Combined Balance Sheet Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 267.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 319.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 438.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 310.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 246.0 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 201.2 
   
   
 178.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Working capital 
   
   
 677.0 
   
   
 783.6 
   
   
 783.3 
   
   
 627.9 
   
   
 438.3 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 1,730.9 
   
   
 1,864.8 
   
   
 1,988.3 
   
   
 1,856.4 
   
   
 1,710.5 
   
 
 
   Total debt 
   
   
 266.7 
   
   
 355.0 
   
   
 355.0 
   
   
 337.2 
   
   
 303.1 
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 177.4 
   
   
 156.2 
   
   
 135.2 
   
   
 129.0 
   
   
 110.4 
   
 
 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 732.9 
   
   
 771.7 
   
   
 850.2 
   
   
 709.7 
   
   
 624.9 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) In
2014, the Company commenced a program to enter into time deposits with varying maturity dates as well as call deposits. Based on the call and maturity
dates, certain of these investments have been classified as short-term investments.   
  
  38 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 7     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          


         The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD&A, describes the principal
factors affecting the results of our operations, financial condition and changes in financial condition, as well as our critical accounting policies and estimates. Our MD&A is organized as
follows:  

 
 
 •  Overview.   This section provides a general description of
our business, a brief discussion of our reportable segments, significant recent developments in our business and other opportunities, and challenges and risks that may impact our business in the
future.     
 •  Results of Operations.   This section provides our analysis
of the significant line items on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014
and for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013.     
 •  Liquidity and Capital Resources.   This section provides an
analysis of our liquidity and cash flow and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments.     
 •  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.   This section
discusses the accounting estimates that are considered important to our financial condition and results of operations and require us to exercise subjective or complex judgments in their application.
All of our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    
 •  Recent Accounting Pronouncements.   This section provides a
summary of recent accounting pronouncements and discusses their potential impact on our consolidated financial statements.     
 •  Transactions with Related Parties.   This section
summarizes transactions with related parties.  
 

 


 


OVERVIEW   

         We are organized into four operating segments: the Bruker BioSpin Group, the Bruker CALID Group, the Bruker Nano Group and the Bruker
Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) Segment.  

         For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2015, our revenue decreased by $185.1 million, or 10.2%, to $1,623.8 million, compared to $1,808.9 million for the
comparable period in 2014. The impact of changes in foreign currency translation rates and divestitures in our former Chemical and Applied Markets (CAM) Division, offset by our recent acquisition of
Jordan Valley Semiconductors, Ltd., caused a decline of $221.5 million, or 12.3%. Excluding these items, revenue increased 2.1%, which was driven by growth in the Bruker CALID Group,
Bruker Nano Group and BEST Segment. Revenue growth in these operating segments was offset by a decline in the Bruker BioSpin Group, as discussed in further detail below within Results of Operations.  

         Our
gross profit margin increased to 43.6% from 42.2% during the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2014. The
increase in gross margin percentage was primarily caused by the positive impact of recent operational improvement initiatives, product pricing, outsourcing of various manufacturing activities, the
favorable impact of changes in foreign currency translation rates and recent divestiture and restructuring actions. These factors are further discussed below within Results of Operations. Selling,
general and administrative expenses and research and development costs during the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 decreased by approximately $87.3 million from the prior year,
which was caused by the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency translation rates and recent divestiture and restructuring actions.  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Earnings
per share increased $0.27 to $0.60 per diluted share in the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 when compared to the same period in 2014. The increase was attributable
to operating profit improvements and a favorable effective tax rate due to the release of valuation allowances on certain U.S. deferred tax assets.  

         In
the twelve months ended December 31, 2015, we generated $195.0 million in free cash flow. We calculate free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities of
$229.2 million less purchases of property, plant and equipment of $34.2 million. Our free cash flow was primarily driven by the higher operating results and reduction in working capital
as we progress with our operational improvement initiatives. The time elapsed between the date customer orders are taken, deposits from the customers are received, and our receipt of full payments for
the orders can fluctuate significantly from period to period. This cycle had a significantly positive effect on our free cash flow generation in 2015.  

         As
previously disclosed, we commenced a restructuring initiative in 2015 within the Bruker BioSpin Group, which was developed as a result of a revenue decline that occurred during the
second half of 2014 and continued during the first half of 2015. This initiative is intended to improve Bruker BioSpin Group's operating results. Restructuring actions are expected to result in a
reduction of employee headcount within the Bruker BioSpin Group of approximately 9%. Restructuring expenses related to this initiative recorded during the year ended December 31, 2015 were
$14.1 million, consisting of
$2.1 million for inventory write-downs and $12.0 million of severance and exit costs. The restructuring also includes the closure and consolidation of certain Bruker BioSpin
manufacturing facilities. We performed an evaluation during the year ended December 31, 2015 and determined that certain property, plant and equipment were impaired and recorded an impairment
charge of $2.1 million to reduce those assets to fair value. Total restructuring and other one-time charges related to this initiative continuing into 2016 are expected to be between $3 and
$5 million, which all relate to employee separation and facility exit costs. We expect to generate approximately $10 million in annualized savings when this restructuring initiative is
completed by the end of the first quarter in 2016. Prior restructuring initiatives have been executed as planned and there have been no material changes to initially recorded liabilities other than
payments.  

         During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2015, we outsourced our pension plan in Switzerland to an outside insurance provider, made certain plan design changes, and remeasured
the pension liability. As a result, non-cash pension expenses in 2015 increased by approximately $16.0 million, which included a one-time, non-cash settlement charge of $10.2 million
recorded in the first quarter of 2015 as the plan assets and pension obligations for the retirees and other certain members of the population were transferred to an outside insurance provider. The
settlement charge was recorded as a component of Other Charges, net in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

         We
can experience quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in our operating results as a result of various factors, some of which are outside of our control, such
as: 

 
 
 •  the timing of governmental stimulus programs and academic research budgets;  
 •  the time it takes between the date customer orders and deposits are received, systems are shipped and accepted by our customers and
full payment is received;  
 •  the time it takes for customers to construct or prepare their facilities for our products; and    
 •  the time required to obtain governmental licenses.  
 

         These
factors have in the past affected the amount and timing of revenue recognized on sales of our products and receipt of related payments and will continue to do so in the future.
Accordingly, our operating results in any particular quarter may not necessarily be an indication of any future quarter's operating performance.  

 40 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

 

 


 


Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2014   

 

 


 


Consolidated Results   

         The following table presents our results for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions, except per share
data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,381.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,571.9 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 235.5 
   
   
 231.8 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 5.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,623.8 
   
   
 1,808.9 
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenue 
   
   
 
774.2 
   
   
 
896.0 
   
 
 
   Cost of service revenue 
   
   
 139.7 
   
   
 149.6 
   
 
 
   Cost of other revenue 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost of revenue 
   
   
 915.2 
   
   
 1,045.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 708.6 
   
   
 763.3 
   
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 392.2 
   
   
 451.0 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 145.7 
   
   
 174.2 
   
 
 
   Impairment of assets 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 11.5 
   
 
 
   Other charges 
   
   
 20.4 
   
   
 21.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 562.9 
   
   
 657.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating income 
   
   
 145.7 
   
   
 105.4 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
   
 
(17.7 
 ) 
   
 
(4.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 128.0 
   
   
 101.3 
   
 
 
   Income tax provision 
   
   
 23.1 
   
   
 41.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 104.9 
   
   
 59.6 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 3.3 
   
   
 2.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 101.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.34 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 168.2 
   
   
 167.8 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 169.1 
   
   
 169.5 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Revenue   

         For the year ended December 31, 2015, our revenue decreased by $185.1 million, or 10.2%, to $1,623.8 million,
compared to $1,808.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Included in  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 revenue
was a decrease of approximately $184.4 million from the impact of foreign currency translation caused by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Euro, Japanese Yen and other
currencies, and a decrease of approximately $37.1 million attributable to divestitures, which was partially offset by the acquisition of Jordan Valley Semiconductors, Ltd. Excluding the
effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions and divestitures, revenue increased by $36.4 million, or 2.1%.  


         BSI
Segment revenue decreased by $175.4 million, or 10.5%, to $1,499.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $1,674.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014. BEST Segment revenue decreased by $19.2 million, or 12.6%, to $133.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to
$152.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.  

         Please
see the Segment Results section later in this section for additional discussion of our revenue.  


 


 


Gross Profit   

         Our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $708.6 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 43.6%,
compared to $763.3 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 42.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2014. Included in gross profit were various charges for amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs totaling $42.4 million and $44.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively. Excluding these charges, our gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was 46.2% and 44.7%, respectively. The higher gross profit margin is
primarily attributable to the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency translation rates, the increased business volume in certain product lines, the favorable impact of recent operational
improvement initiatives, product pricing within the Bruker BioSpin Group, outsourcing of various manufacturing activities, and recent divestiture and restructuring actions, including, among others,
those within our former CAM Division.  

 


 


Selling, General and Administrative   

         Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased to $392.2 million, or
24.2% of revenue, from $451.0 million, or 24.9% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to the favorable impact of changes in foreign
currency translation rates and divestitures within our former CAM Division.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         Our research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased to $145.7 million, or 9.0% of
revenue, from $174.2 million, or 9.6% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was attributable to the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency translation
rates, recent divestitures and restructuring actions, primarily within our former CAM Division, lower material costs and improved efficiency of our product development processes.  

 


 


Impairment of Assets   

         We recorded an impairment charge of $4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, comprised of goodwill,
definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets of $0.7 million, $1.8 million and $2.1 million, respectively, related to the restructuring actions within the Bruker
BioSpin Group during the year.  

         We
recorded an impairment charge of $11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, comprising definite-lived intangible asset and other long-lived assets of
$0.9 million and $5.5 million, respectively, relating to our former CAM Division due to restructuring and divestiture actions, and an impairment charge of $5.1 million within our
BEST Segment to reduce the carrying value of certain  

 42 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 long-lived
assets to their fair value due to the projected cash flows of those assets not expected to be sufficient to recover their carrying value.  

         At
December 31, 2015 and 2014, we performed our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment evaluation and concluded the fair values of each of our reporting units
were significantly greater than their carrying amounts, and therefore, no additional impairment is required.  

         We
will continue to monitor goodwill and long-lived intangible assets, as well as long-lived tangible assets, for possible future impairment.  

 


 


Other Charges, Net   

         Other charges, net of $20.4 million recorded in 2015 are almost entirely related to the BSI Segment. The charges consisted
primarily of a $10.2 million one-time, non-cash settlement charge as the plan assets and pension obligations for the retirees and other certain members of the population within our pension plan
in Switzerland were transferred to an outside insurance
provider, $8.1 million of restructuring costs related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives and $8.9 million of costs associated with our
global information technology (IT) transformation initiative, partially offset by ($7.2) million of contingent consideration reversals as it was determined that certain financial targets related to
the applicable products would not meet the required thresholds for payment.  

         Other
charges, net of $21.2 million recorded in 2014 related to the BSI Segment. The charges consisted of $11.1 million of restructuring costs related to closing facilities
and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives, $3.2 million of legal and other professional service fees associated with our internal investigation and review of our
operations in China, $2.9 million of acquisition-related costs and $4.0 million of costs associated with our global IT transformation initiative.  


         In
2016, we expect to incur $6-$8 million of expense related to various outsourcing initiatives and other restructuring activities that were implemented in 2015 or will commence
in 2016.  

 


 


Operating Income   

         Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $145.7 million, resulting in an operating margin of 9.0%,
compared to income from operations of $105.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 5.8% for the year ended December 31, 2014. Operating income included restructuring costs of
$29.3 million and $36.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which were related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other
restructuring initiatives.  

         Operating
income also included $40.2 million and $42.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for various charges for amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs, legal and other professional service fees related to our internal investigation and review of our operations in China,
impairment of long-lived assets, and costs associated with our global IT transformation initiative. Excluding the charges noted above, operating margins were 13.3% and 10.2% for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase in operating margin was caused by the improvements in gross profit margins and reduction of operating expenses as discussed above.  

 


 


Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net   

         Interest and other income (expense), net during the year ended December 31, 2015 was ($17.7) million, compared to ($4.1) million
for the year ended December 31, 2014.  

 43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, the major components within interest and other income (expense), net were net interest expense of $11.8 million and realized and
unrealized losses on foreign currency denominated transactions of $5.5 million. The realized and unrealized losses on foreign currency denominated transactions during the year ended
December 31, 2015 were primarily caused by the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, the Euro and the Swiss Franc. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the major components within
interest and other income (expense), net were net interest expense of $12.5 million, a settlement charge related to the review of our operations in China of $2.4 million and realized and
unrealized losses on foreign currency transactions of $2.0 million. These expenses were partially offset by gains on the sale of product lines of $8.3 million, driven by the divestiture
of product lines within the former CAM Division noted above, an insurance claim reimbursement of $2.5 million and an incentive from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts of $1.1 million.  

         We
expect to incur approximately $13.5 million of interest expense in 2016.  

 



 


Provision for Income Taxes   

         The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $23.1 million compared to an income tax provision of
$41.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, representing effective tax rates of 18.0% and 41.2%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to
a partial release of U.S. valuation allowances previously recorded against deferred tax assets, and by changes in the mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions. Our valuation allowance at
December 31, 2015 decreased $20.2 million as compared to December 31, 2014, including a reduction to the beginning of the year valuation allowance of $20.8 million, to
account for a change in judgment with respect to the realizability of our U.S. deferred tax assets. This decrease was primarily attributable to U.S. net operating loss and foreign tax credit usage as
a result of the
repatriation of $235.3 million of foreign earnings to the United States during 2015 prompted by adverse interest rate conditions in Europe that were unfavorably impacting cash balances. Among
the evidence supporting our conclusion with respect to the realizability of these deferred tax assets was the elimination of recent cumulative U.S. losses as well as expected future near term U.S.
taxable income. Our tax rate may change over time as the amount and mix of jurisdictional income changes.  

 


 


Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   

         Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $3.3 million compared to
$2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents the minority shareholders' proportionate share of the net income
recorded by our majority-owned indirect subsidiaries.  

 


 


Net Income Attributable to Bruker Corporation   

         Our net income attributable to Bruker Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $101.6 million, or $0.60 per
diluted share, compared to net income of $56.7 million, or $0.33 per diluted share, for 2014. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily caused by increased
operating income and a favorable effective tax rate as discussed above.  

 44 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 


 


Segment Results   

 


 


Revenue   

         The following table presents revenue, change in revenue, and revenue growth by reportable segment for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 Dollar Change  
   
 Percentage 
Change  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,499.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,674.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 (175.4 
 ) 
   
  (10.5 
 )% 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 133.7 
   
   
 152.9 
   
   
 (19.2 
 ) 
   
  (12.6 
 )% 
 
 
   Eliminations (a) 
   
   
 (9.1 
 ) 
   
 (18.6 
 ) 
   
 9.5 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,623.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,808.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 (185.1 
 ) 
   
  (10.2 
 )%  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
product and service revenue between reportable segments.   
  
  



 


BSI Segment Revenues   

         For financial reporting purposes, we aggregate the Bruker BioSpin, Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments into the Bruker
Scientific Instruments (BSI) reportable segment, which represented approximately 92% of the Company's revenues during the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. This aggregation reflects these
operating segments' similar economic characteristics, production processes, customer services provided, types and classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments. Our BEST
Segment is our other reportable segment and represents the remainder of our revenues.  


         BSI
Segment revenue decreased by $175.4 million, or 10.5%, to $1,499.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $1,674.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014. Included in revenue was a decrease of approximately $160.9 million from the impact of foreign currency translation caused by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar
versus the Euro, Japanese Yen and other currencies and a decrease of approximately $37.1 million attributable to the divestiture of the former CAM Division, partially offset by the acquisition
of Jordan Valley, Semiconductors, Ltd. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions and divestitures, revenue increased by $22.6 million, or 1.3%, as
further discussed below.  

         Excluding
the effect of foreign currency translation, Bruker BioSpin Group revenue decreased $20.6 million, or 3.3%, to $602.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, compared to $622.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The Bruker BioSpin Group decrease in revenue was primarily attributable to a decline in revenue
for MRI, Molecular Imaging (MI) and EPR products, which was partially offset by increased sales of NMR products predominantly in the second half of 2015. The increase in sales of NMR products of
$54.2 million resulted from increased levels of new order bookings over the comparable period in 2014. In addition, the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 benefited from the
recognition of a significant 21 Tesla high-field magnet sale.  

         Excluding
the effect of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions and divestitures, Bruker CALID Group revenue increased by $37.8 million, or 7.4%, to
$591.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $553.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The Bruker CALID Group experienced higher revenue
levels for certain mass spectrometry products (primarily MALDI-TOF and MALDI Biotyper) caused primarily by strong underlying academic, pharma, biotech and contract research markets. CBRNE products
sales were higher as a result of certain large orders and newly launched explosive trace detection products sold to European airports. The increase in revenue was partially offset by a decline in
sales of MIR products caused by weaker demand in end markets.  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Excluding
the effect of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions and divestitures, Bruker Nano Group revenue increased by $5.5 million, or 1.1%, to
$503.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $498.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The Bruker Nano Group experienced an increase in
revenue levels in the X-ray diffraction, single crystal X-ray diffraction, and electron microscope analyzer markets, which was partially offset by a decrease in revenue caused by continued weakness in
the semiconductor, data storage and industrial markets. Improvements in commercial processes, such as improved sales forecasting resulting in better production planning, improved understanding of
customer site readiness and better scheduling of installation services also contributed to the sales increase.  


         System
revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BSI Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 
 
   System revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,119.7 
   
   
 74.7 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,316.5 
   
   
 78.6 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 379.5 
   
   
 25.3 
 % 
   
 358.1 
   
   
 21.4 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,499.2 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,674.6 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          System
revenue in the BSI Segment included nuclear magnetic resonance systems, magnetic resonance imaging systems, electron paramagnetic imaging systems, mass spectrometry systems, gas
chromatography systems, CBRNE detection systems, X-ray systems, spark-optical emission spectroscopy systems, atomic force microscopy systems, stylus and optical metrology systems, molecular
spectroscopy systems and other systems. Aftermarket revenues in the BSI Segment include accessory sales, consumables, training and services.  

 


 


BEST Segment Revenues   

         BEST Segment revenue decreased by $19.2 million, or 12.6%, to $133.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015,
compared to $152.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decline in revenue was primarily caused by the impact of changes in foreign currency translation, which was partially
offset by increases resulting from the completion of the ROSATOM pilot line and the timing of certain large orders.  


         System
and wire revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BEST Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in
millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 
 
   System and wire revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 129.7 
   
   
 97.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 148.4 
   
   
 97.1 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
 3.0 
 % 
   
 4.5 
   
   
 2.9 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 133.7 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 152.9 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          System
and wire revenue in the BEST Segment includes low and high temperature superconducting wire and superconducting devices, including magnets, linear accelerators and radio frequency
cavities. Aftermarket revenues in the BEST Segment consist primarily of license revenue and consumables sales.  

 46 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Gross Profit and Operating Expenses   

         For the year ended December 31, 2015, gross profit margin in the BSI Segment increased to 45.5% from 43.7% in the comparable
period in 2014. The increase in gross profit margin percentage was primarily caused by the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency translation rates and the positive impact of higher business
volume in certain product lines, recent operational improvement initiatives, increased product pricing, outsourcing of various manufacturing activities, and recent divestiture and restructuring
activities. The BEST Segment gross profit margin increased to 19.5% from 18.8% for the comparable period in 2014. Higher gross margins resulted primarily from the completion of certain large projects
during the year and from changes in foreign currency translation rates.  

         For
the year ended December 31, 2015, selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses in the BSI Segment decreased to $524.2 million, or
35.0% of segment revenue, from $604.8 million, or 36.1% of segment revenue, for the comparable period in 2014. The decrease reflected the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency and
recent divestiture and restructuring actions within the former CAM Division. Selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses in the BEST Segment decreased to
$13.7 million, or 10.2% of segment revenue, in 2015 compared to $20.4 million, or 13.3% of segment revenue, in 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to the reduction in operating
expenses and the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency.  

 


 


Operating Income   

         The following table presents operating income and operating margins on revenue by reportable segment for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 133.2 
   
   
 8.9 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 99.8 
   
   
 6.0 
 % 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
 8.6 
 % 
   
 3.4 
   
   
 2.2 
 % 
 
 
   Corporate, eliminations and other (a) 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
   
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating income 
   
 
 
$ 
 145.7 
   
   
 9.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 105.4 
   
   
 5.8 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
corporate costs and eliminations not allocated to the reportable segments.   
  
          BSI
operating income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $133.2 million, resulting in an operating margin of 8.9%, compared to income from operations of
$99.8 million, resulting in an operating margin of 6.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2014. Income from operations included $68.4 million and $73.7 million in the years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of various charges representing amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related
costs, legal and other professional fees related to our internal investigation and review of our operations in China, restructuring and relocation costs, impairment of definite-lived intangible assets
and other long-lived assets, and costs associated with our global IT transformation initiative. Excluding these costs, operating income for BSI was $201.6 million and $173.5 million,
resulting in operating margins of 13.4% and 10.4%, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. Increases in operating margins were primarily caused by higher gross margin
levels and lower operating expenses as discussed above.  

         BEST
operating income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $11.5 million, resulting in an operating margin of 8.6%, compared to operating income of $3.4 million,
resulting in an operating margin of 2.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in operating margin is primarily the result of the increased gross margins as a result of the
completion of certain large orders during the year.  

 47 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2013   

 



 


Consolidated Results   

         The following table presents our results for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollars in millions, except per share
data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,571.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,611.4 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 231.8 
   
   
 219.3 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 5.2 
   
   
 8.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,808.9 
   
   
 1,839.4 
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenue 
   
   
 896.0 
   
   
 891.7 
   
 
 
   Cost of service revenue 
   
   
 149.6 
   
   
 142.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost of revenue 
   
   
 1,045.6 
   
   
 1,034.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 763.3 
   
   
 805.2 
   
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 451.0 
   
   
 437.9 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 174.2 
   
   
 190.5 
   
 
 
   Impairment of assets 
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other charges 
   
   
 21.2 
   
   
 28.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 657.9 
   
   
 657.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating income 
   
   
 105.4 
   
   
 148.2 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
   
 (4.1 
 ) 
   
 (23.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 101.3 
   
   
 124.6 
   
 
 
   Income tax provision 
   
   
 41.7 
   
   
 42.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 59.6 
   
   
 81.8 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 80.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.34 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48 
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 167.8 
   
   
 166.5 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 169.5 
   
   
 168.5 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Revenue   

         For the year ended December 31, 2014, our revenue decreased by $30.5 million, or 1.7%, to $1,808.9 million,
compared to $1,839.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Included in revenue was a decrease of approximately $25.4 million from the impact of foreign currency
translation caused by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Japanese Yen, Russian Ruble and other currencies, and an increase of approximately $2.9 million attributable to recent
acquisitions and divestitures. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions and divestitures, revenue decreased by $8.0 million, or 0.4%.  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         BSI
Segment revenue decreased by $34.9 million, or 2.0%, to $1,674.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to $1,709.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013. BEST Segment revenue increased by $5.5 million, or 3.7%, to $152.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to $147.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2013.  

         Please
see the Segment Results section later in this section for additional discussion of our revenue.  

 


 


Gross Profit   

         Our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $763.3 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 42.2%,
compared to $805.2 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 43.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2013. Included in gross profit were various charges for amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs totaling $44.4 million and $27.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2014
and 2013, respectively. Excluding these charges, our gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was 44.7% and 45.3%, respectively. The lower gross profit margin was
primarily driven by the negative effects of foreign currency translation rates, including the impact of the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Japanese Yen, as our Yen denominated revenues
substantially exceeded our Yen denominated expenses. In addition, 2013 gross profit margin benefited from license revenue recognized on the sale of technology in the BEST Segment, which had no cost of
revenue. These effects were partially offset by favorable changes in the mix of products sold during 2014, including a 21 Tesla high-field magnet that benefited from higher gross profit margins.  

 


 


Selling, General and Administrative   

         Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014 increased to $451.0 million, or
24.9% of revenue, from $437.9 million, or 23.8% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable
to: increased sales and marketing spending, particularly in our former LSC Division for our MALDI Biotyper product; the hiring of new senior management; general and administrative spending related to
certain investments including financial reporting system improvements and strategic advisory services; higher allowance for doubtful accounts including amounts associated with certain distributor
arrangements in Asia; and expenses relating to recent acquisitions. The increases were partially offset by the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency translation rates.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         Our research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014 decreased to $174.2 million, or 9.6% of
revenue, from $190.5 million, or 10.4% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in research and development expenses was attributable to our efforts to improve the
efficiency of our product development process.  

 


 


Impairment of Assets   

         The Company recorded an impairment charge of $11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, comprising
definite-lived intangible asset and other long-lived assets of $0.9 million and $5.5 million, respectively, relating to our former CAM Division caused by restructuring and divestiture
actions, and an impairment charge of $5.1 million within our BEST Segment to reduce the carrying value of certain long-lived assets to their fair value caused by the projected cash flows of
those assets not expected to be sufficient to recover their carrying value.  

         At
December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company performed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment evaluation by performing a qualitative assessment and concluded
that it is  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 more-likely-than-not
that the fair value of the reporting units are greater than their carrying amount, and therefore, no additional impairment is required.  

         No
impairment losses were recorded related to definite-lived intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2013.  

 


 


Other Charges, Net   

         Other charges, net of $21.2 million recorded in 2014 related to the BSI Segment. The charges consisted of $11.1 million
of restructuring costs related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives, $3.2 million of legal and other professional service fees associated with
our internal investigation and review of our operations in China, $2.9 million of acquisition-related costs and $4.0 million of costs associated with the initial stages of a global IT
transformation initiative.  

         Other
charges, net of $28.6 million recorded in 2013 related primarily to the BSI Segment. The charges consist of $18.2 million of restructuring costs, including
$15.9 million within the BSI Segment and $2.3 million within the BEST Segment, related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives,
$6.1 million of legal and other professional service fees associated with our internal investigation and review of our operations in China, $3.6 million of acquisition-related costs and
$0.7 million related to two factory relocations within the BEST Segment.  

 


 


Operating Income   

         Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $105.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 5.8%,
compared to income from operations of $148.2 million, resulting in an operating margin of 8.1% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Operating income included restructuring costs of
$36.1 million and $25.3 million during the year ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives.  

         Operating
income also included $42.9 million and $32.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for various charges for amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs, legal and other professional service fees related to our internal investigation and review of our operations in China,
impairment of long-lived assets and costs associated with a global information technology transformation initiative. Excluding the charges noted above, operating margins were 10.2% and 11.2% for the
year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The decline in operating margin was driven by the negative effect caused by changes in foreign currency translation rates.  

 


 


Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net   

         Interest and other income (expense), net during the year ended December 31, 2014 was ($4.1) million, compared to ($23.6) million
for the year ended December 31, 2013.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2014, the major components within interest and other income (expense), net were net interest expense of $12.5 million, a settlement
charge related to the review of our operations in China of $2.4 million and realized and unrealized losses on foreign currency transactions of $2.0 million. These expenses were partially
offset by gains on the sale of product lines of $8.3 million driven by the divestiture of product lines within the former CAM Division noted above, an insurance claim reimbursement of
$2.5 million, and an incentive from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts of $1.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the major components within interest and other
income (expense), net were net interest expense of $12.4 million and realized and unrealized losses on foreign currency transactions of $10.4 million.  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Provision for Income Taxes   

         The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $41.7 million compared to an income tax provision of
$42.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, representing effective tax rates of 41.2% and 34.3%, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily caused by
unbenefited losses associated with the actions at our former CAM Division. That impact was offset slightly by changes in the mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions. Our income tax provision for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 reflects amounts for non-U.S. entities only as we maintained a full valuation allowance against all U.S. deferred tax assets, including our U.S. net
operating losses and tax credits, until evidence existed that it is more likely than not that the loss carryforward and credit amounts will be utilized to offset U.S. taxable income.  

 



 


Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   

         Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $2.9 million compared to
$1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents the minority shareholders' proportionate share of the net income
recorded by our majority-owned indirect subsidiaries.  

 



 


Net Income Attributable to Bruker Corporation   

         Our net income attributable to Bruker Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $56.7 million, or $0.33 per
diluted share, compared to net income of $80.1 million, or $0.48 per diluted share, for 2013. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2014 was primarily caused by lower gross margin
levels and a higher effective tax rate, partially offset by gains on the sale of product lines in 2014.  


 


 


Segment Results   

 


 


Revenue   

         The following table presents revenue, change in revenue and revenue growth by reportable segment for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 Dollar Change  
   
 Percentage 
Change  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,674.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,709.5 
   
 

 
$ 
 (34.9 
 ) 
   
  (2.0 
 )% 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 152.9 
   
   
 147.4 
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
 3.7 
 % 
 
 
   Eliminations (a) 
   
   
 (18.6 
 ) 
   
 (17.5 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,808.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,839.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 (30.5 
 ) 
   
  (1.7 
 )%  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
product and service revenue between reportable segments.   
  
  



 


BSI Segment Revenues   

         BSI Segment revenue decreased by $34.9 million, or 2.0%, to $1,674.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2014,
compared to $1,709.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Included in revenue was a decrease of approximately $25.5 million from the impact of foreign currency
translation caused by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Japanese Yen, Russian Ruble and other currencies, and an increase of approximately $2.9 million attributable to recent
acquisitions and divestitures. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions and divestitures, revenue decreased by $12.3 million, or 0.7%.  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Bruker
BioSpin Group revenue decreased $1.6 million, or 0.3%, to $622.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to $624.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013. Bruker BioSpin Group revenue reflected lower sales caused by reduced orders of NMR systems from governmental and academic research customers, partially offset by the
recognition of revenue on the sale of a 21 Tesla high-field magnet and higher sales of MRI, MI and EPR products.  


         Bruker
CALID Group revenue decreased by $27.9 million, or 4.8%, to $553.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to $581.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in revenue was driven by declines in the former CAM Division, in part due to the divestiture and restructuring actions during the third and fourth
quarters of 2014, and delays in obtaining export licenses related to certain CBRNE orders. These declines were partially offset by increased sales of the MALDI Biotyper and MIR and NIR product lines.  

         Bruker
Nano Group revenue decreased by $5.4 million, or 1.1%, to $498.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to $503.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013. The principal drivers of this decline were: continued weakness in end market demand for semiconductor, data storage and microelectronics products; the pricing advantage
our Japanese based competitors have resulting from the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar and Euro against the Japanese Yen; and reduced demand from customers in Russia as a result of the geopolitical
uncertainty in the region. These declines were partially offset by revenue generated from the recently acquired line of fluorescence microscopy products.  


         System
revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BSI Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   System revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,316.5 
   
   
 78.6 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,385.1 
   
   
 81.0 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 358.1 
   
   
 21.4 
 % 
   
 324.4 
   
   
 19.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,674.6 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,709.5 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          System
revenue in the BSI Segment includes nuclear magnetic resonance systems, magnetic resonance imaging systems, electron paramagnetic imaging systems, mass spectrometry systems, gas
chromatography systems, CBRNE detection systems, X-ray systems, spark-optical emission spectroscopy systems, atomic force microscopy systems, stylus and optical metrology systems, molecular
spectroscopy systems, fluorescent microscopy and other systems. Aftermarket revenues in the BSI Segment include accessory sales, consumables, training and services.  

 


 


BEST Segment Revenues   

         BEST Segment revenue increased by $5.5 million, or 3.7%, to $152.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014,
compared to $147.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to higher sales of cavity devices, which more than offset the 2013
license revenue recognized on the sale of technology.  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         System
and wire revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BEST Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollars in
millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   System and wire revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 148.4 
   
   
 97.1 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 137.3 
   
   
 93.1 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket and other revenue 
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
 2.9 
 % 
   
 10.1 
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 152.9 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 147.4 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          System
and wire revenue in the BEST Segment includes low and high temperature superconducting wire and superconducting devices, including magnets, linear accelerators and radio frequency
cavities. Aftermarket revenues in the BEST Segment consist primarily of license revenue and consumables sales.  

 



 


Gross Profit and Operating Expenses   

         For the year ended December 31, 2014, gross profit margin in the BSI Segment decreased to 43.7% from 45.3% in the comparable
period in 2013. Lower gross profit margins resulted primarily from restructuring charges recorded during the year ended December 31, 2014 related to closing facilities and implementing
outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives, and the negative effect of foreign currency translation rates, including the impact of the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Japanese Yen.
These declines were partially offset by an increase caused by changes in the mix of products sold, including a 21 Tesla high-field magnet that benefited from higher gross margins.
The BEST Segment gross profit margin decreased to 18.8% from 21.5% for the comparable period in 2013. Lower gross margins resulted primarily from license revenue recognized in 2013 on the sale of
technology which had no cost of revenue.  

         For
the year ended December 31, 2014, selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses in the BSI Segment decreased to $604.8 million, or
36.1% of segment revenue, from $609.1 million, or 35.6% of segment revenue, for the comparable period in 2013. The decrease in dollars reflects lower research and development expense
attributable to our efforts to improve the efficiency of our product development process. This decrease was offset by: higher sales and marketing spending, particularly for our MALDI Biotyper product;
the hiring of new senior management; general and administrative spending related to certain investments including financial reporting system improvement and strategic advisory services; higher
allowance for doubtful accounts including amounts associated with certain distributor arrangements in Asia; and expenses caused by recent acquisitions. These increases were partially offset by the
effect of changes in foreign currency translation rates. The increase as a percentage of revenue was caused by lower revenue levels in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses and research
and development expenses in the BEST Segment remained relatively consistent at $20.4 million, or 13.3% of segment revenue, in 2014 compared to $19.3 million, or 13.1% of segment revenue,
in 2013.  

 53 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Operating Income   

         The following table presents operating income and operating margins on revenue by reportable segment for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 99.8 
   
   
 6.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 138.9 
   
   
 8.1 
 % 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 2.2 
 % 
   
 9.5 
   
   
 6.4 
 % 
 
 
   Corporate, eliminations and other (a) 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
   
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating income 
   
 
 
$ 
 105.4 
   
   
 5.8 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 148.2 
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
corporate costs and eliminations not allocated to the reportable segments.   
  
          BSI
operating income for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $99.8 million, resulting in an operating margin of 6.0%, compared to income from operations of
$138.9 million, resulting in an operating margin of 8.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2013. Income from operations included $73.7 million and $54.1 million in the years
ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of various charges representing amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs, legal and other
professional fees related to our internal investigation and review of our operations in China, restructuring and relocation costs, impairment of definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived
assets and costs associated with a global IT transformation initiative. Excluding these costs, operating income for BSI was $173.5 million and $193.0 million, resulting in operating
margins of 10.4% and 11.3%, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Operating income, excluding these costs, decreased as a result of the negative effect of changes in
foreign currency translation rates,
including the impact the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Japanese Yen as our Yen denominated revenues substantially exceeded our Yen denominated expenses, lower gross margin levels and an
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in research and development expenses.  

         BEST
operating income for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $3.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 2.2%, compared to operating income of $9.5 million,
resulting in an operating margin of 6.4%, for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decline in operating margin was the result of license revenue recognized in 2013 on the sale of technology
which had no cost of revenue that did not recur, and impairment charges of $5.1 million recorded in 2014 to reduce the carrying value of certain long-lived assets to their estimated fair value.  

 


 


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

         We currently anticipate that our existing cash and credit facilities will be sufficient to support our operating and investing needs
for at least the next twelve months. Our future cash requirements could be affected by acquisitions that we may make, repurchases of our common stock, or the payment of dividends in the future.
Historically, we have financed our growth and liquidity needs through cash flow generation and a combination of debt financings and issuances of common stock. In the future, there are no assurances
that additional financing alternatives will be available to us, if required, or if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to us.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $229.2 million, resulting primarily from consolidated net income adjusted for
non-cash items of $182.9 million, and a decrease in working capital of $46.3 million. The decrease in working capital for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily caused by
improved efficiency in accounts receivable  

 54 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 collections
and an increase in income taxes payable caused, in part by, additional withholding taxes on repatriated funds. The time elapsed between the date customer orders are taken, deposits from
the customers are received, and our receipt of full payments for the orders can fluctuate significantly from period to period. This cycle had a significantly positive effect on our free cash flow
generation in 2015.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2014, net cash provided by operating activities was $114.3 million, which resulted primarily from consolidated net income adjusted for
non-cash items of $153.6 million, partially offset by an increase in working capital of $39.3 million. The increase in working capital for the year ended December 31, 2014 was
primarily due to a decrease in customer advances as the timing between receipt of customer acceptances, such as obtaining acceptance during the year on a 21 Tesla high-field magnet in the Bruker
BioSpin Group and completion of certain orders in the BEST Segment which had relatively large customer advances, and advance payments on new orders received, varied. In addition, there was an increase
in accounts receivable caused by higher shipment levels towards the end of the fourth quarter of 2014. These uses of cash were partially offset by cash generated through an increase in accounts
payable driven by improved vendor payment practices.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $102.4 million, compared to net cash used in investing activities of
$201.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2014. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily caused by purchases, net of
maturities, of short-term investments of $40.7 million, capital expenditures of $34.2 million and cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired of $28.6 million. Cash used in
investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2014 was primarily caused by purchases, net of maturities, of short-term investments of $192.6 million and capital expenditures of
$33.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of product lines of $25.3 million.  

         We
expect capital expenditures in 2016 to amount to approximately $50 million.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, net cash used in financing activities was $168.0 million, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of
$6.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2014. Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily caused by the repayment of the
revolving line of credit from the proceeds of the repatriation of certain non U.S. cash, net of additional proceeds of $87.5 million, and repurchases of common stock of $90.0 million,
partially offset by the issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises of $10.8 million. Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2014
was primarily caused by proceeds of $7.9 million from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises, partially offset by repayment of debt of $0.8 million.  

         In
May 2015, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the "Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program") under which we were authorized to repurchase our common stock in amounts
intended to approximately offset, on an annual basis, the dilutive effect of shares that are, or may be, issued pursuant to option or restricted stock awards under our 2010 Incentive Compensation
Plan. A total of 1,245,000 shares were repurchased at an aggregate cost of $24.9 million prior to the suspension of the Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program in November 2015, as discussed below.  

         In
November 2015, our Board of Directors suspended the Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program until January 1, 2017 and approved an additional share repurchase program (the "Repurchase
Program") under which repurchases of common stock in the amount of up to $225 million may occur from time to time, in amounts, at prices, and at such times as we deem appropriate, subject to
market conditions, legal requirements and other considerations. A total of 2,837,042 shares were repurchased at an
aggregate cost of $65.0 million as of December 31, 2015 under this Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program will continue in 2016 and we intend to fund any additional repurchases from
cash on hand, future cash flows from operations and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  

 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 The
repurchased shares are reflected within Treasury stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015.  


         During
2015, we repatriated $235.3 million of foreign earnings to the United States prompted by adverse interest rate conditions in Europe that were unfavorably impacting cash
balances. No incremental U.S. income tax was incurred as the majority of the repatriation was comprised of previously taxed income and we had sufficient U.S. net operating losses and tax credits to
offset any remaining tax liability. We used $129.5 million of the repatriated funds to repay our outstanding balance on the revolving credit line under the Amended Credit Agreement.  

         Cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments at December 31, 2015 and 2014 totaled $468.3 million and $497.5 million, respectively, of which
$420.9 million and $460.7 million, respectively, related to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside of the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries, most significantly in
the Netherlands and Switzerland.  

         We
regularly evaluate our assertion that our foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. If the cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries are
needed to fund operations in the U.S., or we otherwise elect to repatriate the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the
subsidiaries were sold or transferred, we would likely be subject to additional U.S. income taxes, net of the impact of any available tax credits, which could result in a higher effective tax rate in
the future. Based on our current plans and anticipated cash needs to fund our U.S. operations, it is our current intent to indefinitely reinvest all unremitted foreign earnings, that have not been
previously taxed by the U.S., in our foreign subsidiaries.  

         In
May 2011, we entered into an amendment to, and restatement of, our then existing credit agreement, referred to as the Amended Credit Agreement. The Amended Credit Agreement provided a
maximum commitment on our revolving credit line of $250.0 million and a maturity date of May 2016. Borrowings under the revolving credit line of the Amended Credit Agreement accrued interest,
at our option, at either (a) the greater of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) adjusted LIBOR plus 1.00% or (b) LIBOR, plus margins
ranging from 0.80% to 1.65%. There was also a facility fee ranging from 0.20% to 0.35%. The Amended Credit Agreement was repaid in full in October 2015, as noted above.  

         On
October 27, 2015, we entered into a new revolving credit agreement, referred to as the 2015 Credit Agreement, and terminated the Amended Credit Agreement. The 2015 Credit
Agreement provides a maximum commitment on the Company's revolving credit line of $500 million and a maturity date of October 2020. Borrowings under the revolving credit line of the 2015 Credit
Agreement accrue interest, at the Company's option, at either (a) the greater of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) adjusted LIBOR plus
1.00%, plus margins ranging from 0.00% to 0.30% or (b) LIBOR, plus margins ranging from 0.90% to 1.30%. There is also a facility fee ranging from 0.10% to 0.20%.  

         Borrowings
under the 2015 Credit Agreement are secured by guarantees from certain material subsidiaries, as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement. The 2015 Credit Agreement also requires
the Company to maintain certain financial ratios related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement). Specifically, the Company's leverage ratio cannot
exceed 3.5 and the Company's interest coverage ratio cannot be less than 2.5. In addition to the financial ratios, the 2015 Credit Agreement contains negative covenants, including among others,
restrictions on liens, indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, asset sales, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may
result in an event of default under the terms of the 2015 Credit Agreement, which could permit acceleration of the debt and require the Company to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.  

 56 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         As
of December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the covenants of the 2015 Credit Agreement. Our leverage ratio (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) was 1.0 and our
interest coverage ratio (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) was 14.9.  

         At
December 31, 2015, we had outstanding debt totaling $266.7 million, consisting of $240.0 million outstanding under the Note Purchase Agreement described below,
$25.0 million outstanding under the revolving loan component of the 2015 Credit Agreement described above and $1.7 million under capital lease obligations and other loans. At
December 31, 2014, we had outstanding debt totaling $355.0 million, consisting of $240.0 million outstanding under the Note Purchase Agreement described below,
$112.5 million outstanding under the revolving loan component of the Amended Credit Agreement described above and $2.5 million under capital lease obligations and other loans.  


         The
following is a summary of the maximum commitments and net amounts available to the Company as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Interest Rate  
   
 Total Amount 
Committed 
by Lenders  
   
 Outstanding 
Borrowings  
   
 Outstanding 
Letters 
of Credit  
   
 Total Amount 
Available  
   
 
 
   2015 Credit Agreement 
   
   
 1.5 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 500.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 

 
$ 
 1.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 474.0 
   
 
 
   Other lines of credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 234.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 136.7 
   
   
 97.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revolving loans 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 734.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 137.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 571.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Other
lines of credit are with various financial institutions located primarily in Germany and Switzerland. The Company's other revolving lines of credit are unsecured and are typically
due upon demand with interest payable monthly.  

         In
January 2012, we entered into a note purchase agreement, referred to as the Note Purchase Agreement, with a group of accredited institutional investors. Under the Note Purchase
Agreement we issued and sold $240.0 million of senior notes, which consist of the following: 

 
 
 •  $20.0 million 3.16% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2017;    
 •  $15.0 million 3.74% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2019;    
 •  $105.0 million 4.31% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2022; and    
 •  $100.0 million 4.46% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2024.  
 

         Under
the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, we may issue and sell additional senior notes up to an aggregate principal amount of $600 million, subject to certain conditions.
Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on January 18 and July 18 of each year. The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations of us and are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of repayment with our other senior unsecured indebtedness. We may prepay some or all of the
Senior Notes at any time in an amount not less than 10% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes to be prepaid, at a price equal to the sum of (a) 100% of the principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and (b) the applicable make-whole amount, upon not less than 30 and no more than 60 days written notice to the holders of the Senior
Notes. In the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement, we may be required to prepay the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof,
plus accrued and unpaid interest.  

         The
Note Purchase Agreement contains affirmative covenants, including, without limitation, maintenance of corporate existence, compliance with laws, maintenance of insurance and
properties, payment of taxes, addition of subsidiary guarantors and furnishing notices and other information. The Note Purchase Agreement also contains certain restrictive covenants that restrict our
ability to, among  

 57 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 other
things, incur liens, transfer or sell assets, engage in certain mergers and consolidations and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Note Purchase Agreement also includes customary
representations and warranties and events of default. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all outstanding Senior Notes will become due and
payable immediately without further action or notice. In the case of payment events of defaults, any holder of Senior Notes affected thereby may declare all Senior Notes held by it due and payable
immediately. In the case of any other event of default, a majority of the holders of the Senior Notes may declare all the Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. Pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement, so long as any Senior Notes are outstanding we will not permit (i) our leverage ratio, as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, as of the end of any fiscal quarter to
exceed 3.50 to 1.00, (ii) our interest coverage ratio as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement as of the end of any fiscal quarter for any period of four consecutive fiscal
quarters to be less than 2.50 to 1 or (iii) priority debt at any time to exceed 25% of consolidated net worth, as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.  


         As
of December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the covenants of the Note Purchase Agreement. Our leverage ratio (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) was 1.0 and our
interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) was 14.9.  

         As
of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $3.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce state taxable income; approximately $42.4 million
of German Trade Tax net operating losses that are carried forward indefinitely; and $42.9 million of other foreign net operating losses that are expected to expire at various times beginning in
2018. We also had U.S. federal tax credits of approximately $27.8 million available to offset future tax liabilities that expire at various dates, which include research and development tax
credits of $14.0 million expiring at various times through 2034, foreign tax credits of $13.8 million expiring at various times through 2024, and state research and development tax
credits of $7.1 million. Utilization of these credits and state net operating losses may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership percentage change limitations provided by the
Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and similar state provisions. In the event of a deemed change in control under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, an annual limitation on the
utilization of net operating losses and credits may result in the expiration of all or a portion of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards.  

         Uncertain
tax contingencies are positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return that may result in additional payments to tax authorities. The total amount of uncertain
tax contingencies is included in the "1-3 Years" column of the table below as we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of potential future payments. If a tax authority agrees with the tax
position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary.  

 58 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         The
following table summarizes maturities for our significant financial obligations as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Contractual Obligations

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Less than 
1 Year  
   
 1-3 Years  
   
 4-5 Years  
   
 More than 
5 Years  
   
 
 
   Revolving lines of credit 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Other long-term debt, including current portion 
   
   
 241.7 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 20.3 
   
   
 15.3 
   
   
 205.4 
   
 
 
   Interest payable on long-term debt 
   
   
 67.5 
   
   
 10.2 
   
   
 19.7 
   
   
 18.5 
   
   
 19.1 
   
 
 
   Unconditional purchase commitments (1) 
   
   
 109.5 
   
   
 96.8 
   
   
 9.0 
   
   
 3.7 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Acquisition-related contingent consideration 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Operating lease obligations 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 17.0 
   
   
 20.4 
   
   
 11.0 
   
   
 13.1 
   
 
 
   Pension liabilities 
   
   
 39.1 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 5.1 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 24.4 
   
 
 
   Uncertain tax contingencies 
   
   
 14.9 
   
   
 6.1 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 526.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 108.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 72.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 77.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 268.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Unconditional
purchase commitments include agreements to purchase goods, services, or fixed assets that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify
all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase commitments exclude
agreements that are cancellable at any time without penalty.   
  
          On
February 22, 2016, we announced the establishment of a dividend policy and the declaration by our Board of Directors of an initial quarterly cash dividend in the amount of
$0.04 per share of our issued and outstanding common stock. The dividend will be paid on March 24, 2016 to stockholders of record as of March 4, 2016. Under the dividend policy, we will
target a cash dividend to our stockholders in the amount of $0.16 per share per annum, payable in equal quarterly installments. Subsequent dividend declarations and the establishment of record and
payment dates for such future dividend payments, if any, are subject our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the dividend policy is in the best interests of our stockholders. The
dividend policy may be suspended or cancelled at the discretion of our Board of Directors at any time.  

 


 


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

         This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires that
we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to: revenue recognition; the
expensing and capitalization of software development costs; stock-based compensation expense; restructuring and other related charges; income taxes, including the recoverability of deferred tax
assets; allowances for doubtful accounts; inventory reductions for excess and obsolete inventories; estimated fair values of long-lived assets used to measure the recoverability of long-lived assets;
intangible assets and goodwill; expected future cash flows used to measure the recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived assets; warranty costs; derivative financial instruments; and
contingent liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on our historical experience, current market and economic conditions, industry trends, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
and form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates.  

 59 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         We
believe the following critical accounting policies and estimates to be both those most important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and those that
require the most estimation and subjective judgment.  

          Revenue recognition.     We recognize revenue from system sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or
determinable,
title and risk of loss has been transferred to the customer, and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Title and risk of loss transfers based upon customer acceptance for a
system that has been delivered to the customer and installed at a customer facility or, for certain systems, upon shipping terms. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, we are
required to assess when we can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon customer acceptance and evidence of installation.  

         When
products are sold through an independent distributor or a strategic distribution partner who assumes responsibility for installation, we recognize the system sale when the product
has been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred to the distributor. Our distributors do not have price protection rights or rights of return; however, our products are typically
warranted to be free from defect for a period of one year. Revenue is deferred until cash is received when collectability is not reasonably assured or when the price is not fixed or determinable.  

         For
transactions that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration is allocated to each element using the fair value hierarchy as required by ASU No. 2009-13. We limit the
amount of revenue recognized for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, future performance obligations, or subject to customer-specific
return or refund privileges.  

         We
determine the fair value of products and services based upon vendor specific objective evidence ("VSOE"). We determine VSOE based on normal selling pricing and discounting practices
for the specific product or service when sold on a stand-alone basis. In determining VSOE, our policy requires a substantial majority of selling prices for a product or service to be within a
reasonably narrow range. We also consider the class of customer, method of distribution and the geographies into which products and services are being sold when determining VSOE.  

         If
VSOE cannot be established, we attempt to establish the selling price based on third-party evidence ("TPE"). VSOE cannot be established in instances where a product or service has not
been sold separately, stand-alone sales are too infrequent or product pricing is not within a sufficiently narrow range. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar deliverables when sold
separately.  

         When
we cannot determine VSOE or TPE, we use estimated selling price ("ESP") in our allocation of arrangement consideration. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at which we
would typically transact a stand-alone sale of the product or service. ESP is determined by considering a number of factors including our pricing policies, internal costs and gross profit objectives,
method of distribution, market research and information, recent technological trends, competitive landscape and geographies. We analyze the selling prices used in our allocation of arrangement
consideration, at a minimum, on an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed more frequently if a significant change in our business occurs or other factors necessitate more frequent analysis, or
if we experience significant variances in our selling prices.  

         Revenue
from accessories and parts is recognized upon shipment. Service revenue is recognized as the services are performed or ratably over the contractual obligation and includes
maintenance contracts, extended warranty, training, application support and on-demand services.  

 60 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

         We also have contracts for which we apply the percentage-of-completion model and completed contract model of revenue recognition. Application of the
percentage-of-completion method requires us to make reasonable estimates of the extent of progress toward completion of the contract and the total costs we will incur under the contract and losses are
recorded immediately when we estimate that contracts will ultimately result in a loss. Changes in our estimates could affect the timing of revenue recognition.  

          Income taxes.     The determination of income tax expense requires us to make certain estimates and judgments concerning the annual
effective tax rate,
the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the forecasted profitability of our subsidiaries in certain geographic jurisdictions, as well as the deductions, carryforwards and credits that
are available to reduce taxable income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from differences in the timing of the recognition of revenue and expenses for financial statement and tax purposes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates in effect for the year in which these temporary differences are expected to be settled. We estimate the degree to which tax assets
and loss carryforwards will result in a benefit based on expected profitability by tax jurisdiction, and we provide a valuation allowance for tax assets and loss carryforwards that we believe will
more likely than not go unused. If it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset or loss carryforward will be used for which a valuation allowance has been provided, we
reverse the related valuation allowance. If our actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction differs from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of a valuation allowance may be necessary.
In addition, we only recognize benefits for tax positions that we believe are more likely than not of being sustained upon review by a taxing authority with knowledge of all relevant information. We
reevaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis and any changes to these positions as a result of tax audits, tax laws or other facts and circumstances could result in additional charges
or credits to operations. The expiration of statutes of limitations affecting estimates made for uncertain tax positions can cause higher earnings.  

          Inventories.     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, with costs determined by the first-in, first-out method for a
majority of
subsidiaries and by average cost for certain other subsidiaries. We record provisions to account for excess and obsolete inventory to reflect the expected non-saleable or non-refundable inventory
based on an evaluation of slow moving products or products no longer offered for sale. Inventories also include demonstration units located in our demonstration laboratories or installed at the sites
of potential customers. We consider our demonstration units to be available for sale. We reduce the carrying value of demonstration inventories for differences between cost and estimated net
realizable value, taking into consideration usage in the preceding twelve months, expected demand, technological obsolescence and other information including the physical condition of the unit. If
ultimate usage or demand varies significantly from expected usage or demand, additional write-downs may be required, resulting in additional charges to operations.  


         Goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets.     We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually and when events occur or
circumstances
change. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the operating segment or one level below an operating segment. Under U.S. GAAP, we have the option of performing a
qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary before performing a two-step quantitative assessment. The qualitative assessment requires significant judgments
about macro-economic conditions including the entity's operating environment; its industry and other market considerations; entity-specific events related to financial performance or loss of key
personnel; and other events that could impact the reporting unit. If, as a result of our qualitative assessment, it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. Otherwise, no further testing is required. If a quantitative impairment test is performed, the first step involves comparing the
fair values of the applicable reporting units with their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. We generally determine the fair value of our reporting units using a weighting of  

 61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 both
the market approach and the income approach methodologies. The income approach valuation methodology includes discounted cash flow estimates. Estimating the fair value of the reporting units
requires significant judgment about the future cash flows. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit
exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, we perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment. In the second step of the goodwill impairment test, we
compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill. At December 31, 2015, we performed our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
impairment evaluation using a quantitative impairment test and concluded the fair values of each of our reporting units were significantly greater than their carrying amounts, and therefore, no
additional impairment was required.  

         We
also review definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets when indications of potential impairment exist. Should the fair value of our long-lived assets decline because
of reduced operating performance, market declines or other indicators of an impairment, a charge to operations for impairment may be necessary.  

          Employee benefit plan assumptions.     Substantially all of our employees in Switzerland, France and Japan, as well as certain employees in
Germany, are
covered by defined benefit pension plans. Retirement benefits are generally earned based on years of service and compensation during active employment. Retirement plan costs are a significant cost of
doing business. They represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and, therefore, are subject to estimation. Pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition
of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. To estimate the impact of these future payments and
our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of U.S. GAAP. Two critical assumptions are the discount
rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. Other important assumptions include, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates,
employee turnover, retiree mortality rates and portfolio composition. We evaluate these assumptions at least annually.  

         The
discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date which is December 31. For 2015 and 2014, the discount rates were
determined on the basis of the yield on corporate bonds with a rating of AA or AAA and the projected benefit obligation cash flows. Lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent year
pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent year pension expense. If we changed our discount rates by 1 percent, the impact would be approximately
$4.5 million on annual pension expense.  

         The
expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various asset categories of plan
assets. Plan assets are valued at fair value. We apply the expected rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which stabilizes variability in assets to which the expected return is applied.
If we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be approximately $1.0 million on annual pension expense. For 2015, actual return on assets was below
expectations, which increased the next year's pension cost, net of contributions during the year, as well as decreased the funded status at December 31, 2015.  

         The
net periodic benefit costs recorded in operations were $21.7 million, $5.4 million, and $8.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The net periodic benefit costs for the year ended December 31, 2015 includes a one-time, non-cash settlement loss of $10.2 million as we outsourced our pension plan in
Switzerland to an outside insurance provider, transferred certain plan assets and pension obligations for retirees and other certain members of the population, made certain plan design changes and
re-measured the liability.  

 62 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
use a corridor approach to amortize actuarial gains and losses. Under this approach, net actuarial gains or losses in excess of ten percent of the larger of the projected benefit
obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service of active participants who are expected to receive benefits under the plans.  


         At
December 31, 2015 we expect to contribute $5.6 million to our existing defined benefit pension plans in 2016.  

 


 


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

         In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-17,    Balance Sheet Classification of
Deferred Taxes , which eliminates the current requirement to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as current and
noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, entities will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The guidance is effective for annual periods, and
interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt this standard prospectively and all deferred taxes are
shown as noncurrent in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  

         In
September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an acquirer
will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment, including the effect on earnings of any amounts it would have recorded in previous
periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, including interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2015-16 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.  

         In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . The new guidance eliminates the
measurement of inventory at market value, and inventory will now be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The ASU defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. No other changes were made to the current guidance on inventory measurement. ASU
No. 2015-11 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted and should be applied prospectively. We are evaluating the
provisions of this statement and have not determined what impact the adoption of ASU No. 2015-11 will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

         In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . The new guidance changes the
presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet to a reduction of the related debt liability instead of classifying as an asset. The income statement presentation of debt issuance costs is
unchanged. ASU No. 2015-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years. Early application is permitted and the guidance is
applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs
Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements,  excluding debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements from the scope of ASU No. 2015-03. We do not expect the
adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheet.  

         In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 605. The new guidance was the result of a joint project between the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board to
clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop common  

 63 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 revenue
standards for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The core principle of the new guidance is that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 was originally
effective prospectively for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. Early application was not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB elected to
defer the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early application permitted as of the original effective date. We are
currently assessing the impact the adoption of this standard may have on our consolidated financial statements.  

 



 


TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES   

         We lease certain office space from certain of our principal shareholders, including a director and executive officer and another member
of our Board of Directors, and members of their immediate families, which have expiration dates ranging from 2016 to 2020. Total rent expense under these leases was $1.8 million,
$2.0 million and $2.6 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         During
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we incurred expenses of $2.4 million and $5.3 million, respectively, to a law firm in which one of the former
members of our Board of Directors is a partner.  

         During
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we incurred expenses of $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, to a financial services firm in which one of
the former members of our Board of Directors is a partner.  

         During
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we recorded revenue of $0.9 million and $0.1 million, respectively, from commercial transactions with a life
science supply company in which a member of our Board of Directors is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and another member of our Board of Directors was formerly a director.  


         During
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded revenue of $0.7 million and $1.9 million, respectively, and incurred expenses of $0.1 million
in the year ended December 31, 2014, arising from commercial transactions with a life sciences company in which a member of our Board of Directors, who joined the Board of Directors in 2014, is
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded revenue of $0.5 million from commercial transactions with a thermal analysis company in which a member of our Board of
Directors serves as a consultant.   

   
       ITEM 7A     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

         We are potentially exposed to market risks associated with changes in foreign currency translation rates, interest rates and commodity
prices. We selectively use financial instruments to reduce these risks. All transactions related to risk management techniques are authorized and executed pursuant to our policies and procedures.
Analytical techniques used to manage and monitor foreign currency translation and interest rate risk include market valuations and sensitivity analysis.  

 


 


Impact of Foreign Currencies   

         We generate a substantial portion of our revenues in international markets, principally Germany and other countries in the European
Union, Switzerland and Japan, which exposes our operations to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. The impact of currency exchange rate movement can be positive or negative in any period. Our costs
related to sales in foreign currencies are largely denominated in the same respective currencies, limiting our transaction risk exposure. However, for foreign currency  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 denominated
sales in certain regions, such as Japan, where we do not incur significant costs denominated in that foreign currency, we are more exposed to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
For sales not denominated in U.S. Dollars, if there is an increase in the rate at which a foreign currency is exchanged for U.S. Dollars, it will require more of the foreign currency to equal a
specified amount of U.S. Dollars than before the rate increase. In such cases, if we price our products in the foreign currency, we will receive less in U.S. Dollars than we would have received before
the rate increase went into effect. If we price our products in U.S. Dollars and competitors price their products in local currency, an increase in the relative strength of the U.S. Dollar could
result in our prices not being competitive in a market where business is transacted in the local currency. In the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 our revenue by geography was as follows
(dollars in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 

 
$ 
 380.4 
   
   
 23.4 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 387.6 
   
   
 21.4 
 % 
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 678.5 
   
   
 41.8 
 % 
   
 738.0 
   
   
 40.8 
 % 
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 414.9 
   
   
 25.6 
 % 
   
 495.5 
   
   
 27.4 
 % 
 
 
   Rest of world 
   
   
 150.0 
   
   
 9.2 
 % 
   
 187.8 
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,623.8 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,808.9 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Changes
in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our revenue by approximately 10.2% and 1.4% in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

         Assets
and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries, where the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into U.S. dollars using year-end exchange rates, or historical
rates, as appropriate. Revenues and expenses of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the year. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations
are included as a separate component of shareholders' equity. In the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded net losses from currency translation adjustments of $63.8 million. In the
year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded net losses from currency translation of $131.7 million. A 10% depreciation in functional currencies, relative to the U.S. dollar, at
December 31, 2015, would result in a reduction of shareholders' equity of approximately $90 million.  

         Gains
and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are reported in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
(loss). Our foreign currency translation losses, net were $5.5 million and $2.0 million for years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  


         From
time to time, we have entered into foreign currency contracts in order to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in exchange rates have on our cash flows related to purchases and
sales denominated in foreign currencies. Under these arrangements, we agree to purchase a fixed amount of a foreign currency in exchange for a fixed amount of U.S. Dollars or other currencies on
specified dates, typically with maturities of less than twelve months. These transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting and, accordingly, the instrument is recorded at fair value with the
corresponding gains and losses recorded in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         At
December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had foreign currency contracts with notional amounts aggregating $36.2 million and $99.8 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2015, the Company had the following notional amounts outstanding under foreign currency contracts (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Buy

 

  
   
 Notional 
Amount in Buy 
Currency  
   
 Sell  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Notional 
Amount in U.S. 
Dollars  
   
 Fair Value of 
Assets  
   
 Fair Value of 
Liabilities  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2015: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 21.1 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 24.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 1.2 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 
5.9 
   
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   April 2016 
   
   
 
6.0 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
0.1 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 
6.0 
   
   Israel Shekel 
   
   April 2016 
   
   
 
6.0 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
—  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 36.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Based
on the contractual maturities of these contracts and exchange rates as of December 31, 2015, we anticipate that these contracts will result in net cash outflows of
$1.3 million in 2016. At December 31, 2015, assuming all other variables are constant, if the U.S. Dollar weakened by 10%, the market value of our foreign currency contracts would
increase by approximately $2.3 million and if the U.S. Dollar strengthened by 10%, the market value of our foreign currency contracts would decrease by approximately $2.3 million.  


         We
will continue to evaluate our currency risks and in the future may utilize foreign currency contracts more frequently as part of a transactional hedging program.  

 


 


Impact of Interest Rates   

         We regularly invest excess cash in short-term investments that are subject to changes in interest rates. We believe that the market
risk arising from holding these financial instruments is minimal because of our policy of investing in short-term financial instruments issued by highly rated financial institutions.  


         Our
exposure related to adverse movements in interest rates is derived primarily from outstanding floating rate debt instruments that are indexed to short-term market rates. We currently
have a higher level of fixed rate debt than variable rate debt, which limits our exposure to adverse movements in interest rates.  

 


 


Impact of Commodity Prices   

         We are exposed to certain commodity risks associated with prices for various raw materials. The prices of copper and certain other raw
materials, particularly niobium-tin, used to manufacture superconductors have increased significantly over the last decade. Copper and niobium-tin are the main components of low temperature
superconductors and continued commodity price increases for copper and niobium, as well as other raw materials, may negatively affect our profitability. Periodically, we enter into commodity forward
purchase contracts to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in the price of copper have on our sales of these products. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had fixed price commodity contracts
with notional amounts aggregating $2.0 million and $2.7 million, respectively. The fair value of the fixed price commodity contracts at December 31, 2015 and 2014 was ($0.4)
million and ($0.2) million, respectively. We will continue to evaluate our commodity risks and may utilize commodity forward purchase contracts more frequently in the future.  


 


 


Inflation   

         We do not believe inflation had a material impact on our business or operating results during any of the periods presented.  

 66 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   


       ITEM 8     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Page  
 
 
   Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 68 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 
   
 
69 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013 
   
 
70 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
   
 
71 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
   
 
72 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 
73 
 
 
 
 
  
  67 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Bruker Corporation  

         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bruker Corporation as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Bruker Corporation at December 31, 2015
and 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Bruker Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and
our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 
 
  
  Boston,
Massachusetts 
February 26, 2016  

 68 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       BRUKER CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS              (In millions, except share and per share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 267.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 319.5 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 201.2 
   
   
 178.0 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 234.7 
   
   
 293.2 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 422.0 
   
   
 477.4 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.3 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 106.6 
   
   
 88.9  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 1,231.6 
   
   
 1,366.3 
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
   
   
 
231.1 
   
   
 
249.9 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 130.6 
   
   
 127.8 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets, net 
   
   
 74.7 
   
   
 83.8 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
 53.0 
   
   
 29.7 
   
 
 
   Other long-term assets 
   
   
 9.9 
   
   
 7.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,730.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,864.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 72.1 
   
   
 76.0 
   
 
 
   Customer advances 
   
   
 178.3 
   
   
 189.5 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15.0 
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 303.5 
   
   
 301.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 554.6 
   
   
 582.7 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
   
 
266.0 
   
   
 
354.2 
   
 
 
   Long-term deferred revenue 
   
   
 44.4 
   
   
 37.1 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 9.5 
   
   
 17.8 
   
 
 
   Accrued pension 
   
   
 91.6 
   
   
 66.2 
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 31.9 
   
   
 35.1 
   
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value 260,000,000 shares authorized, 169,644,644 and 168,582,988 shares issued and 165,354,180 and 168,527,584 outstanding at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 1.7 
   
 
 
   Treasury stock at cost, 4,290,527 and 55,404 shares at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
   
   
 (90.9 
 ) 
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 102.1 
   
   
 81.1 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 757.4 
   
   
 655.8 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (44.2 
 ) 
   
 28.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total shareholders' equity attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 726.1 
   
   
 765.9 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 5.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 732.9 
   
   
 771.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,730.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,864.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 69 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       BRUKER CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)              (In millions, except per share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,381.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,571.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,611.4 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 235.5 
   
   
 231.8 
   
   
 219.3 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 5.2 
   
   
 8.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,623.8 
   
   
 1,808.9 
   
   
 1,839.4 
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenue 
   
   
 
774.2 
   
   
 
896.0 
   
   
 
891.7 
   
 
 
   Cost of service revenue 
   
   
 139.7 
   
   
 149.6 
   
   
 142.5 
   
 
 
   Cost of other revenue 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost of revenue 
   
   
 915.2 
   
   
 1,045.6 
   
   
 1,034.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 708.6 
   
   
 763.3 
   
   
 805.2 
   
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 392.2 
   
   
 451.0 
   
   
 437.9 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 145.7 
   
   
 174.2 
   
   
 190.5 
   
 
 
   Impairment of assets 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other charges, net 
   
   
 20.4 
   
   
 21.2 
   
   
 28.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 562.9 
   
   
 657.9 
   
   
 657.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating income 
   
   
 145.7 
   
   
 105.4 
   
   
 148.2 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
   
 
(17.7 
 ) 
   
 
(4.1 
 ) 
   
 
(23.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 128.0 
   
   
 101.3 
   
   
 124.6 
   
 
 
   Income tax provision 
   
   
 23.1 
   
   
 41.7 
   
   
 42.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 104.9 
   
   
 59.6 
   
   
 81.8 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 3.3 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 101.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 80.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.34 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48 
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 168.2 
   
   
 167.8 
   
   
 166.5 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 169.1 
   
   
 169.5 
   
   
 168.5 
   
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 
104.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 
59.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 
81.8 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 (63.8 
 ) 
   
 (131.7 
 ) 
   
 27.3 
   
 
 
   Pension liability adjustments (net of tax of $2.1 million, $6.5 million and $4.6 million, respectively) 
   
   
 (9.6 
 ) 
   
 (22.6 
 ) 
   
 17.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 31.5 
   
   
 (94.7 
 ) 
   
 126.4 
   
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 2.8 
   
   
 1.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 29.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (97.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 124.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 70 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   


 

 BRUKER CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
(In millions, except share data)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Common 
Shares  
   
 Common 
Stock 
Amount  
   
 Treasury 
Shares  
   
 Treasury 
Stock 
Amount  
   
 Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital  
   
 Retained 
Earnings  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income  
   
 Total 
Shareholders' 
Equity 
Attributable to 
Bruker 
Corporation  
   
 Noncontrolling 
Interests in 
Consolidated 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Total 
Shareholders' 
Equity  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 166,604,427 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 21,549 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 48.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 519.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 137.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 706.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 709.7 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares issued 
   
   
 
121,072 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 871,991 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.4 
   
 
 
   Stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.6 
   
 
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
   
   
 (18,286 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 18,286 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 0.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80.1 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 81.8 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 44.6 
   
   
 44.6 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 44.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 167,579,204 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 39,835 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 63.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 599.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 182.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 846.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.1 
   
 

 
$ 
 850.2 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares issued 
   
   
 
112,129 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 851,820 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.2 
   
 
 
   Stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.4 
   
 
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
   
   
 (15,569 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 15,569 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 56.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 56.7 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 59.6 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (154.2 
 ) 
   
 (154.2 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (154.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 168,527,584 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 55,404 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 81.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 655.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 28.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 765.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.8 
   
 

 
$ 
 771.7 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares issued 
   
   
 
135,677 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares terminated 
   
   
 (145,857 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 145,857 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 926,042 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.8 
   
 
 
   Stock based compensation 
   
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.0 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit related to exercise of stock awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.2 
   
 
 
   Share repurchase 
   
   
 (4,082,042 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 4,082,042 
   
   
 (89.9 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (89.9 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (89.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
   
   
 (7,224 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 7,224 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 101.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 101.6 
   
   
 3.3 
   
   
 104.9 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (72.4 
 ) 
   
 (72.4 
 ) 
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 (73.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 165,354,180 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 4,290,527 
   
 
 
$ 
 (90.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 102.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 757.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 (44.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 726.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 732.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 71 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       BRUKER CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS              (In millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 104.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 59.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 81.8 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to cash flows 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 53.3 
   
   
 59.7 
   
   
 61.3 
   
 
 
   Write-down of demonstration inventories to net realizable value 
   
   
 19.4 
   
   
 28.2 
   
   
 32.7 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 6.6 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 (29.4 
 ) 
   
 (9.2 
 ) 
   
 7.4 
   
 
 
   Gain (loss) on disposal of product lines 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 (8.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Impairment and other non-cash expenses, net 
   
   
 26.5 
   
   
 14.2 
   
   
 2.1 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 45.0 
   
   
 (14.5 
 ) 
   
 (19.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (5.4 
 ) 
   
 4.6 
   
   
 5.7 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 12.6 
   
   
 9.0 
   
   
 7.0 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable, net 
   
   
 22.7 
   
   
 5.6 
   
   
 (28.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 3.8 
   
   
 12.9 
   
   
 4.6 
   
 
 
   Customer advances 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 (48.2 
 ) 
   
 (12.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Other changes in operating assets and liabilities, net 
   
   
 (33.8 
 ) 
   
 (8.7 
 ) 
   
 (3.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 229.2 
   
   
 114.3 
   
   
 145.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchase of short-term investments 
   
   
 (159.4 
 ) 
   
 (211.6 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Maturity of short-term investments 
   
   
 118.7 
   
   
 19.0 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 (28.6 
 ) 
   
 (3.9 
 ) 
   
 (11.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from disposal of product lines 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 25.3 
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
 
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 (34.2 
 ) 
   
 (33.8 
 ) 
   
 (50.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 3.1 
   
   
 1.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (102.4 
 ) 
   
 (201.9 
 ) 
   
 (60.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Repayments of revolving lines of credit 
   
   
 (129.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from revolving lines of credit 
   
   
 42.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 19.5 
   
 
 
   Repayment of other debt, net 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
   
 (1.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 
   
   
 10.8 
   
   
 7.9 
   
   
 8.2 
   
 
 
   Payment of contingent consideration 
   
   
 (3.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
   
 (90.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Changes in restricted cash 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Cash payments to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Excess tax benefits related to stock option awards 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (168.0 
 ) 
   
 6.7 
   
   
 26.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (11.2 
 ) 
   
 (38.3 
 ) 
   
 16.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (52.4 
 ) 
   
 (119.2 
 ) 
   
 128.1 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
   
   
 319.5 
   
   
 438.7 
   
   
 310.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 267.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 319.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 438.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for interest 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Cash paid for taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 84.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 72 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

   BRUKER CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

 



 


Note 1—Description of Business   

         Bruker Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries ("Bruker" or the "Company"), is a designer and manufacturer of
high-performance scientific instruments and analytical and diagnostic solutions that enable our customers to explore life and materials at microscopic, molecular and cellular levels. Many of our
products are used to detect, measure and visualize structural characteristics of chemical, biological and industrial material samples. Our products address the rapidly evolving needs of a diverse
array of customers in life science research, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, applied markets, cell biology, clinical research, microbiology, in-vitro diagnostics, nanotechnology and materials science
research.  

         The
Company has two reportable segments,  Bruker Scientific Instruments (BSI) , which represents approximately 92% of the Company's revenues
during the year ended December 31, 2015, and  Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) , which represents the remainder of the business.
Within BSI, the Company is organized into three operating segments: the Bruker BioSpin Group, the Bruker CALID Group and the Bruker Nano Group. For financial reporting purposes, the Bruker BioSpin,
Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments are aggregated into the BSI reportable segment because each has similar economic characteristics, production processes, service offerings, types and
classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments.  

 

          Bruker BioSpin —
Bruker BioSpin designs, manufactures and distributes enabling life science tools based on magnetic resonance and preclinical imaging technologies. Bruker BioSpin sells
various systems utilizing magnetic resonance technology, including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) systems, nuclear magnetic resonance systems (NMR) and electron paramagnetic resonance systems (EPR),
as well as OEM MRI magnets sold to medical device manufacturers. Bruker BioSpin also sells single and multiple modality systems using MRI, position emission tomography (PET), single photon emission
tomography (SPECT), computed tomography (CT), magnetic particle imaging (MPI) and optical imaging (fluorescence and bioluminescence) technologies to preclinical markets.  

          Bruker CALID ( C hemicals,  A pplied Markets,  L ife Science,
 I n-Vitro Diagnostics,  D etection) —
Bruker CALID designs, manufactures and distributes life science mass spectrometry instruments that can be integrated and used along with other sample preparation or
chromatography instruments, as well as Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosive (CBRNE) detection products. Bruker CALID also designs, manufactures and distributes instruments based
on Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies. Bruker CALID's mass spectrometry units are typically used in applications of expression proteomics, clinical proteomics, metabolic and peptide biomarker
profiling, drug discovery and development, molecular diagnostics research, molecular and systems biology, basic molecular medicine research and clinical microbiology.  

          Bruker Nano —
Bruker Nano designs, manufactures and distributes spectroscopy and microscopy instruments for the understanding of composition and structure in material science and life
science samples. The instruments are based on advanced technologies in X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy (XRF), X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray micro computed tomography
( m CT), atomic force microscopy (AFM), stylus and optical metrology (SOM) and fluorescence microscopy (FM), and also include analytical tools for electron
microscopes, handheld, portable and mobile X-ray fluorescence and spark optical emission spectroscopy systems.  

 

         The
Company's BEST reportable segment develops and manufactures superconducting and non-superconducting materials and devices for use in renewable energy, energy infrastructure,
healthcare and "big science" research. The segment focuses on metallic low temperature superconductors for use in magnetic resonance imaging, nuclear magnetic resonance, fusion energy  

 73 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 research
and other applications, as well as ceramic high temperature superconductors primarily for energy grid and magnet applications.  

 


 


Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   


         The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described
below and elsewhere in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

 


 


Principles of Consolidation   

         The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all majority and wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  

 



 


Noncontrolling Interests   

         Noncontrolling interests represents the minority shareholders' proportionate share of the Company's majority-owned subsidiaries. The
portion of net income or net loss attributable to non-controlling interests is presented as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries in the consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income (loss), and the portion of other comprehensive income (loss) of these subsidiaries is presented in the consolidated statements of shareholders' equity.  


 


 


Subsequent Events   

         The Company has evaluated all subsequent events and determined that there are no material recognized or unrecognized subsequent events,
or any subsequent events required to be mentioned in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements, other than the item disclosed in Note 23—Subsequent Event.  

 


 


Cash and Cash Equivalents   

         Cash and cash equivalents primarily include cash on hand, money market funds and time deposits with original maturities of three months
or less at the date of acquisition. Time deposits represent amounts on deposit in banks and temporarily invested in instruments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Certain
of these investments represent deposits which
are not insured by the FDIC or any other government agency. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.  

 


 


Short-term Investments   

         Short-term investments represent time and call deposits with original maturities of greater than three months at the date of
acquisition. Short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains (losses) excluded from earnings and reported, net of tax, in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. There were no unrealized gains (losses) recorded as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, as cost approximates
fair value.  

 


 


Restricted Cash   

         The Company has certain subsidiaries which are required by local governance to maintain restricted cash balances to cover future
employee benefit payments. Restricted cash balances are classified as non-current unless, under the terms of the applicable agreements, the funds will be released from restrictions within one year
from the balance sheet date. The current and non-current portion of restricted cash is recorded within other current assets and other long-term assets, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.  

 74 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   

         All derivatives, whether designated in a hedging relationship or not, are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
The accounting for changes in fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging
relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, the Company must designate the hedging instrument, based on the exposure being hedged, as a fair
value hedge, cash flow hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.  


         A
fair value hedge is a derivative instrument designated for the purpose of hedging the exposure of changes in fair value of an asset or a liability resulting from a particular risk. If
the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are both recognized in the same caption in
the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

 


 


Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

         The Company applies the following hierarchy to determine the fair value of financial instruments, which prioritizes the inputs used to
measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. The levels in the
hierarchy are defined as follows:  

 
 
 •  Level 1:   Inputs to the valuation methodology are
quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.     
 •  Level 2:   Inputs to the valuation methodology
include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of
the financial instrument.     
 •  Level 3:   Inputs to the valuation methodology are
unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.  
 

         The
valuation techniques that may be used by the Company to determine the fair value of Level 2 and Level 3 financial instruments are the market approach, the income
approach and the cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income
approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value based on current market expectations about those future amounts, including present value techniques,
option-pricing models and the excess earnings method. The cost approach is based on the amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost).  

         The
Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash, derivative instruments consisting of forward foreign exchange
contracts, commodity contracts, derivatives embedded in certain purchase and sale contracts, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings, accounts payable, contingent consideration and long-term debt.
The carrying amounts of the Company's cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings and accounts payable approximate fair value caused by
their short-term nature. Derivative assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company's long-term debt consists principally of a private placement arrangement entered
into in 2012 with various fixed interest rates based on the maturity date.  

         The
Company has evaluated the estimated fair value of financial instruments using available market information and management's estimates. The use of different market assumptions and/or
estimation methodologies could have a significant effect on the estimated fair value amounts.  

 75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Concentration of Credit Risk   

         Financial instruments which subject the Company to credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, derivative
instruments, accounts receivables and restricted cash. The risk with respect to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is minimized
by the Company's policy of investing in short-term financial instruments issued by highly-rated financial institutions. The risk with respect to derivative instruments is minimized by the Company's
policy of entering into arrangements with highly-rated financial institutions. The risk with respect to accounts receivables is minimized by the creditworthiness and diversity of the Company's
customers. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and generally requires an advanced deposit for a portion of the purchase price. Credit losses have
been within management's expectations and the allowance for doubtful accounts totaled $9.1 million and $10.1 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, no single customer represented 10% or more of the Company's accounts receivable. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, no single customer
represented 10% or more of the Company's total revenue.  

 


 


Inventories   

         Components of inventory include raw materials, work-in-process, demonstration units and finished goods. Demonstration units include
systems which are located in the Company's demonstration laboratories or installed at the sites of potential customers and are considered available for sale. Finished goods include in-transit systems
that have been shipped to the Company's customers, but not yet installed and accepted by the customer. All inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined principally by the
first-in, first-out method for a majority of subsidiaries and by average-cost for certain other subsidiaries. The Company reduces the carrying value of its inventories for differences between cost and
estimated net realizable value, taking into consideration usage in the preceding twelve months, expected demand, technological obsolescence and other information including the physical condition of
demonstration inventories. The Company records a charge to cost of revenue for the amount required to reduce the carrying value of inventory to net realizable value. Costs associated with the
procurement of inventories, such as inbound freight charges and purchasing and receiving costs, are capitalized as part of inventory and are also included in the cost of revenue line item within the
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

 


 


Property, Plant and Equipment   

         Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Major improvements are capitalized
while expenditures for maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the assets and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). Depreciation and amortization
are calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 Buildings 
   
 25-40 years 
 
 
   
 Machinery and equipment 
   
 3-10 years 
 
 
   
 Computer equipment and software 
   
 3-5 years 
 
 
   
 Furniture and fixtures 
   
 3-10 years 
 
 
   
 Leasehold improvements 
   
 Lesser of 15 years or the remaining lease term 
 
 
 
  
  


 


Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

         Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, or on an
interim basis when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the  

 76 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 carrying
value may not be recoverable. In assessing the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company must make assumptions regarding the estimated future cash flows,
and other factors, to determine the fair value of these assets. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to record impairment charges against
these assets in the reporting period in which the impairment is determined.  


         The
Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The Company has the option of performing a
qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary before performing the
two-step quantitative assessment. If as a result of the qualitative assessment, it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative
impairment test will be required. Otherwise, no further testing will be required. If a quantitative impairment test is performed, the first step involves comparing the fair values of the applicable
reporting units with their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. The Company generally determines fair value of reporting units using a weighting of both the market and the income
methodologies. Estimating the fair value of the reporting units requires significant judgment by management. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit,
the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment. In the second step of the goodwill impairment test the Company compares the implied fair
value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill.  

         In
process research and development, or IPR&D, acquired as part of business combinations under the acquisition method represents ongoing development work associated with enhancements to
existing products, as well as the development of next generation products. IPR&D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment on an
annual basis, or when indicators of impairment are identified. When the IPR&D project is complete, it is reclassified as a finite-lived intangible asset and is amortized over its estimated useful
life, typically seven to ten years. If an IPR&D project is abandoned before completion or is otherwise determined to be impaired, the value of the asset or the amount of the impairment is charged to
the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss) in the period the project is abandoned or impaired.  


         Intangible
assets with a finite useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 Existing technology and related patents 
   
 3-10 years 
 
 
   
 Customer and distributor relationships 
   
 5-12 years 
 
 
   
 Trade names 
   
 5-10 years 
 
 
 
  
  


 


Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

         Impairment losses are recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the quoted market
price, if available, or the estimated fair value of those assets are less than the assets' carrying value. Impairment losses are charged to the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income (loss) for the difference between the fair value and carrying value of the asset.  

 


 


Warranty Costs and Deferred Revenue   

         The Company typically provides a one year parts and labor warranty with the purchase of equipment. The anticipated cost for this
warranty is accrued upon recognition of the sale and is included as a current liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company's warranty reserve reflects estimated material and
labor costs for potential product issues for which the Company expects to incur an obligation. The Company's estimates of anticipated rates of warranty  

 77 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 claims
and costs are primarily based on historical information. The Company assesses the adequacy of the warranty reserve on a quarterly basis and adjusts the amount as necessary. If the historical
data used to calculate the adequacy of the warranty reserve is not indicative of future requirements, additional or reduced warranty reserves may be required.  


         The
Company also offers to its customers extended warranty and service agreements extending beyond the initial warranty for a fee. These fees are recorded as deferred revenue and
recognized ratably into income over the life of the extended warranty contract or service agreement.  

 


 


Income Taxes   

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts and the income tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is applied against any net deferred tax asset if, based on the available evidence, it is
more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

         The
Company records liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in accordance with the guidance that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a Company's
financial statements. This guidance prescribes a minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to
be taken in a tax return.  


 


 


Customer Advances   

         The Company typically requires an advance deposit under the terms and conditions of contracts with customers. These deposits are
recorded as a liability until revenue is recognized on the specific contract in accordance with the Company's revenue recognition policy.  

 


 


Revenue Recognition   

         The Company recognizes revenue from system sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable,
title and risk of loss has been transferred to the customer and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Title and risk of loss transfers based upon customer acceptance for a
system that has been delivered and installed at a customer facility or, for certain systems, upon shipping terms. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, the Company is
required to assess when it can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon customer acceptance and evidence of installation.  

         When
products are sold through an independent distributor or a strategic distribution partner who assumes responsibility for installation, the Company recognizes the system sale when the
product has been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred to the distributor. The Company's distributors do not have price protection rights or rights of return; however, the Company's
products are typically warranted to be free from defect for a period of one year. Revenue is deferred until cash is received when collectability is not reasonably assured or when the price is not
fixed or determinable.  

         For
transactions that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration is allocated to each element using the fair value hierarchy as required by ASU No. 2009-13. The Company
limits the amount of revenue recognized for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, future performance obligations, or subject to
customer-specific return or refund privileges.  

 78 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

         The Company determines the fair value of its products and services based upon vendor specific objective evidence ("VSOE"). The Company determines VSOE based on
its normal selling pricing and discounting practices for the specific product or service when sold on a stand-alone basis. In determining VSOE, the Company's policy requires a substantial majority of
selling prices for a product or service to be within a reasonably narrow range. The Company also considers the class of customer, method of distribution and the geographies into which products and
services are being sold when determining VSOE.  

         If
VSOE cannot be established, the Company attempts to establish the selling price based on third-party evidence ("TPE"). VSOE cannot be established in instances where a product or
service has not been sold separately, stand-alone sales are too infrequent or product pricing is not within a sufficiently narrow range. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar
deliverables when sold separately.  

         When
the Company cannot determine VSOE or TPE, it uses estimated selling price ("ESP") in its allocation of arrangement consideration. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at
which the Company would typically transact a stand-alone sale of the product or service. ESP is determined by
considering a number of factors including the Company's pricing policies, internal costs and gross profit objectives, method of distribution, market research and information, recent technological
trends, competitive landscape and geographies. The Company analyzes the selling prices used in its allocation of arrangement consideration, at a minimum, on an annual basis. Selling prices will be
analyzed more frequently if a significant change in the Company's business or other factors necessitate more frequent analysis or if the Company experiences significant variances in its selling
prices.  

         Revenue
from accessories and parts is recognized upon shipment. Service revenue is recognized as the services are performed or ratably over the contractual obligation and includes
maintenance contracts, extended warranty, training, application support and on-demand services.  

         The
Company also has contracts for which it applies the percentage-of-completion model and completed contract model of revenue recognition. Application of the percentage-of-completion
method requires the Company to make reasonable estimates of the extent of progress toward completion of the contract and the total costs the Company will incur under the contract and losses are
recorded immediately when we estimate that contracts will ultimately result in a loss. Changes in the estimates could affect the timing of revenue recognition.  

         Other
revenues are primarily comprised of licensing arrangements, which is recognized ratably over the term of the related contracts.  

 


 


Shipping and Handling Costs   

         The Company includes costs incurred in connection with shipping and handling of products within selling, general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). Shipping and handling costs were $20.6 million, $26.2 million and $26.7 million in
the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Amounts billed to customers in connection with these costs are included in total revenues.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and include salaries, wages and other personnel related costs, material costs
and depreciation, consulting costs and facility costs.  


 


 


Software Costs   

         Purchased software is capitalized at cost and is amortized over the estimated useful life, generally three years. Software developed
for use in the Company's products is expensed as incurred until  

 79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 technological
feasibility is reasonably assured and is classified as research and development expense. Subsequent to the achievement of technological feasibility, amounts are capitalizable, however,
to date such amounts have not been material.  

 


 


Advertising   

         The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses were $12.9 million, $10.7 million and
$9.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 



 


Stock-Based Compensation   

         The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss) based
on the fair value of the share-based award at the grant date. The Company's primary types of share-based compensation are stock options and restricted stock units. The Company recorded stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Stock options 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.3 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 2.7 
   
   
 1.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Compensation
expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the underlying vesting terms of the share-based award. Stock options to purchase the Company's common stock are
periodically awarded to executive officers and other employees of the Company, and members of the Company's Board of Directors, subject to a vesting period of three to five years. The fair value of
each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Assumptions regarding volatility, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rates are
required for the Black-Scholes model and are presented in the table below:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Risk-free interest rates 
   
   
 1.58%-1.91% 
   
   
 1.78%-2.10% 
   
   
 1.07%-2.45% 
   
 
 
   Expected life 
   
   
 6.0-6.25 years 
   
   
 6.0-6.25 years 
   
   
 6.5 years 
   
 
 
   Volatility 
   
   
 35.10%-52.23% 
   
   
 53.07%-56.24% 
   
   
 54.9% 
   
 
 
   Expected dividend yield 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
risk-free interest rate is based on the yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury securities for a period that is commensurate with the expected life assumption. Expected life is determined
through the simplified method as defined in the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110. The Company believes that this is the best estimate of the expected term of
a new option. Expected volatility is based on a number of factors, but the Company currently believes that the exclusive use of its historical volatility results in the best estimate of the grant-date
fair value of employee stock options because it reflects the market's current expectations of future volatility. The expected dividend yield was not considered in the option pricing formula since the
Company had not historically paid dividends and had no plan to do so as of December 31, 2015. In addition, the Company utilizes an estimated forfeiture rate when calculating the stock-based
compensation expense for the period. The Company has applied estimated forfeiture rates derived from an analysis of historical data of 5.8%, 5.1% and 7.0% for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013, respectively, in determining the expense recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Earnings Per Share   

         Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders is calculated by dividing net income attributable to Bruker
Corporation by the weighted-average shares outstanding during the period. The diluted net income per share computation includes the effect of shares which would be issuable upon the exercise of
outstanding stock options and the vesting of restricted stock, reduced by the number of shares which are assumed to be purchased by the Company under the treasury stock method.  

         The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation, as reported 
   
 
 
$ 
 101.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 80.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding-basic 
   
   
 168.2 
   
   
 167.8 
   
   
 166.5 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Stock options and restricted stock units 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 2.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 169.1 
   
   
 169.5 
   
   
 168.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.34 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.48  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Stock
options to purchase approximately 1.3 million shares, 0.1 million shares and 0.4 million shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
share for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.  

         In
May 2015, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the "Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program") under which the Company may repurchase the Company's common
stock in amounts intended to approximately offset, on an annual basis, the dilutive effect of shares that have been, or may be, issued pursuant to option or restricted stock awards under the Company's
2010 Incentive Compensation Plan. A total of 1,245,000 shares were repurchased at an aggregate cost of $24.9 million under the Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program.  

         In
November 2015, the Company's Board of Directors suspended the Anti-Dilutive Repurchase Program until January 1, 2017 and approved an additional share repurchase program (the
"Repurchase Program") under which repurchases of common stock up to $225 million may occur from time to time, in amounts, at prices, and at such times as the Company deems appropriate, subject
to market conditions, legal requirements and other considerations. A total of 2,837,042 shares were repurchased at an aggregate cost of $65.0 million as of December 31, 2015 under the
Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program will continue in 2016 and the Company intends to fund any additional repurchases from cash on hand, future cash flows from operations and available
borrowings under the revolving credit facility.  

         The
repurchased shares are reflected within Treasury stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015.  


 


 


Employee Benefit Plans   

         The Company recognizes the over-funded or under-funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
as an asset or liability, respectively, in its consolidated  

 81 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 balance
sheets and recognizes changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through other comprehensive income (loss).  

 


 


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

         Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are excluded from net income as these amounts are
recorded directly as an adjustment to shareholders' equity, net of tax. The Company's other comprehensive income (loss) was composed of foreign currency translation adjustments and pension liability
adjustments.  

 



 


Foreign Currency Translation   

         Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign subsidiaries, where the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into
U.S. dollars using year-end exchange rates, or historical rates, as appropriate. Revenues and expenses of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the year.
Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as a separate component of shareholders' equity. Gains and losses resulting from translation of foreign currency monetary
transactions are reported in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss) for all periods presented. The Company has certain
intercompany foreign currency transactions that are deemed to be of a long-term investment nature. Exchange adjustments related to those transactions are made directly to a separate component of
shareholders' equity.  

 


 


Risk and Uncertainties   

         The Company is subject to risks common to its industry including, but not limited to, global economic conditions, rapid technological
change, government and academic funding levels, changes in commodity prices, spending patterns from its customers, protection of its intellectual property, availability of key raw materials and
components, compliance with existing and future regulation by government agencies and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  

 


 


Contingencies   

         The Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims related to patents, product and other matters. The Company assesses
the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. A determination of the amount of reserves required, if any, for these contingencies
is made after analysis of each individual issue. The required reserves may change in the future because of new developments in each situation or changes in settlement strategy in assessing these
matters.  

 


 


Use of Estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  


         Significant
estimates and judgments made by management in preparing these financial statements include revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, write-downs for excess and
obsolete inventory, estimated fair values used to record impairment charges related to intangible assets, goodwill, and other long-lived assets, amortization periods, expected future cash flows used
to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets, stock-based compensation expense, warranty allowances,  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 restructuring
and other related charges, contingent liabilities and the recoverability of the Company's net deferred tax assets.  

         Although
the Company regularly reassesses the assumptions underlying these estimates, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Changes in estimates are recorded in
the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from management's estimates if these results differ from historical experience or other assumptions prove not to be substantially accurate, even if such assumptions are reasonable when
made.  

 


 


Note 3—Acquisitions   

         In October 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of Jordan Valley Semiconductors, Ltd. ("Jordan Valley"), a company
headquartered in Israel that provides X-ray metrology and defect-detection equipment for semiconductor process control. The acquisition of Jordan Valley was accounted for under the acquisition method.
The components and fair value allocation of the consideration transferred in connection with the acquisition of Jordan Valley were as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Consideration Transferred: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid 
   
 
 
$ 
 35.4 
   
 
 
   Cash acquired 
   
   
 (6.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
   
 4.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total consideration transferred 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
   Allocation of Consideration Transferred: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.8 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 10.5 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 2.2 
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 6.8 
   
 
 
   Existing technology 
   
   
 6.0 
   
 
 
   Trade name 
   
   
 1.5 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 6.3 
   
 
 
   Liabilities assumed 
   
   
 (6.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total consideration transferred 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
fair value allocation included contingent consideration in the amount of $4.1 million, which represented the estimated fair value of future payments to the former shareholders
of Jordan Valley based on achieving annual revenue and gross margin targets for the years 2016-2017. The maximum potential future payments related to the contingent consideration is
$15 million. The Company completed the fair value allocation in the fourth quarter of 2015. The amortization period for intangible assets acquired in connection with Jordan Valley is
7 years for customer relationships, existing technology and trade name.  


         The
results of Jordan Valley, including the amount allocated to goodwill which is attributable to expected synergies and not expected to be deductible for tax purposes, have been
included in the BSI Segment from the date of acquisition. Pro forma financial information reflecting the acquisition of Jordan Valley has not been presented because the impact on revenues, net income
and total assets is not material.  

 83 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Note 4—Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

         The Company measures the following financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The following tables set forth
the Company's financial instruments and presents them within the fair value hierarchy using the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement at December 31, 2015 and
2014 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2015

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
Available 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
 
 
$ 
 201.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 201.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Long-term restricted cash 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 205.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 205.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 4.6 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2014

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
Available 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 67.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 67.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 178.0 
   
   
 178.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Long-term restricted cash 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 251.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 251.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 11.9 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 5.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Derivative
financial instruments are classified within level 2 because there is not an active market for each derivative contract. However, the inputs used to calculate the value
of the instruments are obtained from active markets.  

 84 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         The
fair value of the long-term fixed interest rate debt, which has been classified as Level 2, was $252.1 million and $257.2 million at December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively, based on market and observable sources with similar maturity dates.  

         The
Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Fair value treatment may be elected either upon initial recognition
of an eligible asset or liability or, for an existing asset or liability, if an event triggers a new basis of accounting. The Company did not elect to remeasure any of its existing financial assets or
liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2015.  

         As
part of certain acquisitions in 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded contingent consideration liabilities that have been classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
The contingent consideration represents the estimated fair value of future payments to the former shareholders of applicable acquired companies based on achieving annual revenue and gross margin
targets in certain years as specified in the purchase and sale agreements. The Company initially valued the contingent consideration by using a Monte Carlo simulation which models future revenue and
costs of goods sold projections and discounts the average results to present value. Changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration recognized in earnings for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 were ($7.7) million and $0.8 million, respectively, and were recorded to other charges, net in the consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income (loss). The adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2015 included a reversal of certain contingent consideration, as it was determined that certain financial targets
related to the applicable products would not meet the required thresholds for payment. The following table sets forth the changes in contingent consideration liabilities for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.0 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
   Current period adjustments 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Current period settlements 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency effect 
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 11.9 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 4.1 
   
 
 
   Current period adjustments 
   
   
 (7.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Current period settlements 
   
   
 (3.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency effect 
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          During
the second quarter of 2014, the Company commenced a program to enter into time deposits with varying maturity dates ranging from one to twelve months, as well as call deposits for
which the Company has the ability to redeem the invested amounts over a period of 31 to 95 days. The Company has classified these investments within cash and cash equivalents or short-term
investments within the consolidated balance sheets based on the call and maturity dates. There are no cash equivalents and $201.2 million of short-term investments outstanding as of
December 31, 2015.  

         Short-term
investments are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains (losses) excluded from earnings and reported, net of tax, in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. There were no unrealized gains (losses) recorded as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. On a quarterly basis,
the Company reviews its short-term investments to determine if there have been any events that could create an impairment. None were noted for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  

 85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Note 5—Accounts Receivable   

         The following is a summary of trade accounts receivable at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Gross accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 243.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 303.3 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (9.1 
 ) 
   
 (10.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 234.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 293.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
allowance for doubtful accounts is management's estimate of credit losses in the accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on a number of factors, including
an evaluation of customer credit worthiness, the age of the outstanding receivable, economic trends and historical experience. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed on a quarterly basis and
changes in estimates are reflected in the period in which they become known. The Company records account balances against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the
potential for recovery is considered remote. Provisions for doubtful accounts are recorded in selling, general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  


         The
following is a summary of the activity in the Company's allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Balance at 
Beginning of 
Period  
   
 Additions 
Charged to 
Expense  
   
 Deductions 
Amounts 
Written Off  
   
 Foreign 
Currency 
Impact  
   
 Balance at 
End of Period  
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2.5 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 9.1 
   
 
 
   2014 
   
   
 7.9 
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
 (2.5 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
   
 10.1 
   
 
 
   2013 
   
   
 7.9 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 7.9 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 6—Inventories   

         Inventories consisted of the following at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Raw materials 
   
 
 
$ 
 158.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 159.5 
   
 
 
   Work-in-process 
   
   
 131.1 
   
   
 169.5 
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
   
 93.3 
   
   
 109.9 
   
 
 
   Demonstration units 
   
   
 38.8 
   
   
 38.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Inventories 
   
 
 
$ 
 422.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 477.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Finished
goods include in-transit systems that have been shipped to the Company's customers but not yet installed and accepted by the customer. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
inventory-in-transit was $44.7 million and $58.6 million, respectively.  

         The
Company reduces the carrying value of its demonstration inventories for differences between its cost and estimated net realizable value through a charge to cost of product revenue
that is based on a number of factors including the age of the unit, the physical condition of the unit and an assessment of technological obsolescence. Amounts recorded in cost of revenue related to
the write-down of demonstration units to net realizable value were $19.4 million, $28.2 million and $32.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.  

 86 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Note 7—Property, Plant and Equipment, Net   

         The following is a summary of property, plant and equipment, net by major asset class at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 
 
$ 
 27.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 29.7 
   
 
 
   Building and leasehold improvements 
   
   
 261.9 
   
   
 272.1 
   
 
 
   Machinery, equipment, software and furniture and fixtures 
   
   
 314.0 
   
   
 320.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 603.5 
   
   
 622.7 
   
 
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (372.4 
 ) 
   
 (372.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
   
 

 
$ 
 231.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 249.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Depreciation
expense, which includes the amortization of leasehold improvements, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $32.6 million,
$39.5 million and $40.5 million, respectively.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $2.1 million representing the write down to fair value of certain property, plant and
equipment, net in the Bruker BioSpin Group related to restructuring and outsourcing activities during the year. These impairment charges are recorded within "Impairment of assets" in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). Please see Note 17—Other Charges, net, for additional details on the Bruker BioSpin Group restructuring
activities.  

         In
July 2014, the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan (the "Plan") to divest certain assets and implement a restructuring program in the former Chemical and Applied Markets
(CAM) Division within the Bruker CALID Group. The Plan was developed as a result of management's conclusion that the former CAM business would be unable to achieve acceptable financial performance in
the next two years. Please see Note 17—Other Charges, net, for additional details on the Plan. The Company determined the Plan was an indicator requiring the evaluation of property,
plant and equipment within that reporting unit for recoverability. The Company performed a valuation during 2014 and determined that the property, plant and equipment within the former CAM Division
were impaired. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $5.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2014 to reduce the remaining value of those assets to fair value. In addition, the
Company determined, based upon projected cash flows generated by certain assets in the BEST Segment, that an impairment charge of $5.1 million was necessary during the year ended
December 31, 2014 to reduce the carrying value of those assets to their estimated fair values. These impairment charges are recorded within "Impairment of assets" in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

 87 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Note 8—Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

         The following table sets forth the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (in
millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 127.4 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 5.1 
   
 
 
   Current period adjustments 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (4.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 127.8 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 6.3 
   
 
 
   Current period adjustments 
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
 
   Impairment 
   
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (3.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 130.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          At
December 31, 2015 and 2014, all goodwill was allocated within the BSI Segment. The goodwill acquired in 2015 relates to the acquisition of Jordan Valley. The goodwill acquired
in 2014 relates to the acquisition of Vutara, Inc., a provider of high-speed, three-dimensional (3D), super-resolution fluorescence microscopy for life science applications.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $0.7 million representing the impairment of goodwill in the Bruker BioSpin Group
related to certain restructuring and outsourcing activities during the year. The Company performed its annual impairment evaluation using a quantitative and qualitative approach at December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively, and concluded the fair values of each of our reporting units was significantly greater than their carrying amounts, and therefore, no additional impairment was required.  


         The
following is a summary of intangible assets at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Existing technology and related patents 
   
 
 
$ 
 154.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 (95.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 59.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 149.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 (81.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 68.1 
   
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 18.4 
   
   
 (5.9 
 ) 
   
 12.5 
   
   
 13.4 
   
   
 (5.6 
 ) 
   
 7.8 
   
 
 
   Non compete conracts 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 1.2 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Trade names 
   
   
 1.6 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 1.4 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Intangible assets subject to amortization 
   
   
 176.3 
   
   
 (102.2 
 ) 
   
 74.1 
   
   
 165.2 
   
   
 (87.7 
 ) 
   
 77.5 
   
 
 
   In-process research and development 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Intangible assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 176.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 (102.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 74.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 171.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 (87.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 83.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          For
the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded amortization expense of approximately $20.7 million, $20.2 million and
$20.8 million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge
of $1.8 million representing the impairment of intangible assets in the Bruker BioSpin Group related to certain restructuring and outsourcing activities during the year. During the year ended
December 31, 2014, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $0.9 million representing the impairment of intangible assets in the former CAM Division related to the Plan described
above.  

 88 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         The
estimated future amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets at December 31, 2015 is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.3 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 21.1 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 16.8 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 4.0 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 6.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 74.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 9—Other Current Liabilities   

         The following is a summary of other current liabilities at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 77.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 89.0 
   
 
 
   Accrued compensation 
   
   
 88.5 
   
   
 87.7 
   
 
 
   Accrued warranty 
   
   
 19.6 
   
   
 21.6 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 25.1 
   
   
 19.2 
   
 
 
   Other taxes payable 
   
   
 25.4 
   
   
 17.6 
   
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 5.7 
   
 
 
   Other accrued expenses 
   
   
 65.7 
   
   
 60.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 303.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 301.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table sets forth the changes in accrued warranty for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 26.7 
   
 
 
   Accruals for warranties issued during the year 
   
   
 19.5 
   
 
 
   Settlements of warranty claims 
   
   
 (22.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (2.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 21.6 
   
 
 
   Accruals for warranties issued during the year 
   
   
 21.1 
   
 
 
   Settlements of warranty claims 
   
   
 (21.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (1.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  89 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Note 10—Debt   

         The Company's debt obligations consist of the following as of December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   US Dollar revolving loan under the 2015 Agreement 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   US Dollar revolving loan under the Amended Credit Agreement 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 112.5 
   
 
 
   US Dollar notes under the Note Purchase Agreement 
   
   
 240.0 
   
   
 240.0 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations and other loans 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 2.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total debt 
   
   
 266.7 
   
   
 355.0 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
   
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total long-term debt, less current portion 
   
 
 
$ 
 266.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 354.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
May 2011, the Company entered into an amendment to, and restatement of, its credit agreement, referred to as the Amended Credit Agreement. The Amended Credit Agreement provided a
maximum commitment on the Company's revolving credit line of $250.0 million and a maturity date of May 2016. Borrowings under the revolving credit line of the Amended Credit Agreement accrued
interest, at the Company's option, at either (a) the greater of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) adjusted LIBOR plus 1.00% or
(b) LIBOR, plus margins ranging from 0.80% to 1.65%. There was also a facility fee ranging from 0.20% to 0.35%. The Amended Credit Agreement was repaid in full in October 2015.  

         On
October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a new revolving credit agreement, referred to as the 2015 Credit Agreement, and terminated the Amended Credit Agreement. The 2015
Credit Agreement provides a maximum commitment on the Company's revolving credit line of $500 million and a maturity date of October 2020. Borrowings under the revolving credit line of the 2015
Credit Agreement accrue interest, at the Company's option, at either (a) the greater of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) adjusted LIBOR
plus 1.00%, plus margins ranging from 0.00% to 0.30% or (b) LIBOR, plus margins ranging from 0.90% to 1.30%. There is also a facility fee ranging from 0.10% to 0.20%.  

         Borrowings
under the 2015 Credit Agreement are secured by guarantees from certain material subsidiaries, as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement. The 2015 Credit Agreement also requires
the Company to maintain certain financial ratios related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement). Specifically, the Company's leverage ratio cannot
exceed 3.5 and the Company's interest coverage ratio cannot be less than 2.5. In addition to the financial ratios, the 2015 Credit Agreement contains negative covenants, including among others,
restrictions on liens, indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, asset sales, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may
result in
an event of default on the 2015 Credit Agreement, which could permit acceleration of the debt and require the Company to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.  

         As
of December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of the 2015 Credit Agreement. The Company's leverage ratio (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) was
1.0 and interest coverage ratio (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) was 14.9.  

 90 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   


         The following is a summary of the maximum commitments and the net amounts available to the Company at December 31, 2015 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Interest 
Rate  
   
 Total Amount 
Committed by 
Lenders  
   
 Outstanding 
Borrowings  
   
 Outstanding 
Letters of 
Credit  
   
 Total 
Amount 
Available  
   
 
 
   2015 Credit Agreement 
   
   
 1.5 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 500.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 

 
$ 
 1.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 474.0 
   
 
 
   Other lines of credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 234.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 136.7 
   
   
 97.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revolving loans 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 734.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 137.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 571.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Other
lines of credit are with various financial institutions located primarily in Germany and Switzerland. The Company's other revolving lines of credit are unsecured and typically due
upon demand with interest payable monthly.  

         In
January 2012, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement, referred to as the Note Purchase Agreement, with a group of accredited institutional investors. Pursuant to the Note
Purchase
Agreement, the Company issued and sold $240.0 million of senior notes, referred to as the Senior Notes, which consist of the following: 

 
 
 •  $20 million 3.16% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche A, due January 18, 2017;    
 •  $15 million 3.74% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche B, due January 18, 2019;    
 •  $105 million 4.31% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche C, due January 18, 2022; and    
 •  $100 million 4.46% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche D, due January 18, 2024.  
 

         Under
the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may issue and sell additional senior notes up to an aggregate principal amount of $600 million, subject to certain
conditions. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on January 18 and July 18 of each year. The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of repayment with the Company's other senior unsecured indebtedness.
The Company may prepay some or all of the Senior Notes at any time in an amount not less than 10% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes to be prepaid, at a price equal to the
sum of (a) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and (b) the applicable make-whole amount, upon not less than 30 and no more than 60 days written
notice to the holders of the Senior Notes. In the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may be required to prepay the Notes at a price
equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  

         The
Note Purchase Agreement contains affirmative covenants, including, without limitation, maintenance of corporate existence, compliance with laws, maintenance of insurance and
properties, payment of taxes, addition of subsidiary guarantors and furnishing notices and other information. The Note Purchase Agreement also contains certain restrictive covenants that restrict the
Company's ability
to, among other things, incur liens, transfer or sell assets, engage in certain mergers and consolidations and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Note Purchase Agreement also includes
customary representations and warranties and events of default. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all outstanding Senior Notes will become
due and payable immediately without further action or notice. In the case of payment events of defaults, any holder of Senior Notes affected thereby may declare all Senior Notes held by it due and
payable immediately. In the case of any other event of default, a majority of the holders of the Senior Notes may declare all the Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. Pursuant to the Note
Purchase Agreement, so long as any Senior Notes are outstanding the Company will not permit (i) its leverage ratio, as determined  

 91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 pursuant
to the Note Purchase Agreement, as of the end of any fiscal quarter to exceed 3.50 to 1.00, (ii) its interest coverage ratio as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement as of
the end of any fiscal quarter for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be less than 2.50 to 1 or (iii) priority debt at any time to exceed 25% of consolidated net worth, as
determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.  

         As
of December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company's leverage ratio (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement)
was 1.0 and interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) was 14.9.  

         Annual
maturities of debt outstanding at December 31, 2015 are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.7 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 20.1 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 15.2 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 25.1 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 205.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 266.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Interest
expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, was $13.0 million, $13.3 million and $13.4 million, respectively.  

 


 


Note 11—Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   


 


 


Interest Rate Risks   

         The Company's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to outstanding variable rate debt and adverse movements in the related
short-term market rates. The most significant component of the Company's interest rate risk relates to amounts outstanding under the 2015 Credit Agreement, which totaled $25.0 million at
December 31, 2015. The Company currently has a higher level of fixed rate debt than variable rate debt, which limits the exposure to adverse movements in interest rates.  

 



 


Foreign Exchange Rate Risk Management   

         The Company generates a substantial portion of its revenues and expenses in international markets, principally Germany and other
countries in the European Union, Switzerland and Japan, which subjects its operations to the exposure of exchange rate fluctuations. The impact of currency exchange rate movement can be positive or
negative in any period. The Company periodically enters into foreign currency contracts in order to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in currency translation have on its monetary transactions.
Under these arrangements, the Company typically agrees to purchase a fixed amount of a foreign currency in exchange for a fixed amount of U.S. Dollars or other currencies on specified dates with
maturities of less than twelve months. These transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting and, accordingly, the instrument is recorded at fair value with the corresponding gains and losses
recorded in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive  

 92 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 income
(loss). The Company had the following notional amounts outstanding under foreign currency contracts at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Buy

 

  
   
 Notional 
Amount in 
Buy Currency  
   
 Sell  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Notional 
Amount in 
U.S. Dollars  
   
 Fair Value 
of Assets  
   
 Fair Value 
of Liabilities  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2015: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 21.1 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 24.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.2 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 5.9 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 April 2016 
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 6.0 
   
 Israel Shekel 
   
 April 2016 
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 36.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   December 31, 2014: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 43.3 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2015 to September 2015 
   
 

 
$ 
 55.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.9 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 Euro 
   
 February 2015 to December 2015 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 British Pounds 
   
 January 2015 to June 2015 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Yen 
   
   
 5.7 
   
 Euro 
   
 March 2015 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 41.4 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2015 
   
   
 43.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 99.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.1  
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
addition, the Company periodically enters into purchase and sales contracts denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the parties to the transaction. The Company
accounts for these transactions separately valuing the "embedded derivative" component of these contracts. The contracts, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the
transacting parties, amounted to $59.0 million for the delivery of products and $4.1 million for the purchase of products at December 31, 2015 and $41.1 million for the
delivery of products and $8.7 million for the purchase of products at December 31, 2014. The changes in the fair value of these embedded derivatives are recorded in interest and other
income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

 


 


Commodity Price Risk Management   

         The Company has an arrangement with a customer under which it has a firm commitment to deliver copper based superconductors at a fixed
price. In order to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in the price of copper have on the Company's sales of these commodities, the Company enters into commodity hedge contracts. At
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has fixed price commodity contracts with notional amounts aggregating $2.0 million and $2.7 million, respectively. The changes in the fair
value of these commodity contracts are recorded in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  

         The
fair value of the derivative instruments described above are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 as follows (in
millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Derivative assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.6 
   
 
 
   Derivative liabilities: 
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.1 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
impact on net income of unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments for the years ending December 31 are as follows (in
millions) and are  

 93 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 recorded
within interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 0.5 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 0.4 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 0.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income (expense), net 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7.3 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 0.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 12—Income Taxes   


         The domestic and foreign components of income before taxes are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 

 
$ 
 31.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 (83.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (42.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 96.4 
   
   
 184.5 
   
   
 167.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 128.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 101.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 124.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
components of the income tax provision are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Current income tax (benefit) expense: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
   State 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 50.0 
   
   
 50.8 
   
   
 35.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current income tax expense 
   
   
 57.0 
   
   
 50.1 
   
   
 35.4 
   
 
 
   Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
   
 (31.1 
 ) 
   
 0.7 
   
   
 (1.8 
 ) 
 
 
   State 
   
   
 (2.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (9.0 
 ) 
   
 9.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
   
   
 (33.9 
 ) 
   
 (8.4 
 ) 
   
 7.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income tax provision 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 41.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  94 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         The
income tax provision differs from the tax provision computed at the U.S federal statutory rate due to the following significant components for the years ended December 31,:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Statutory tax rate 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   Foreign tax rate differential 
   
   
 (3.6 
 ) 
   
 (12.1 
 ) 
   
 (10.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Permanent differences 
   
   
 (2.0 
 ) 
   
 9.6 
   
   
 12.0 
   
 
 
   Tax contingencies 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Change in tax rates 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (1.6 
 ) 
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Withholding taxes 
   
   
 8.1 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   State income taxes, net of federal benefits 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Purchase accounting 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
   
 (8.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (2.7 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   Change in valuation allowance for unbenefited losses 
   
   
 (19.2 
 ) 
   
 15.2 
   
   
 5.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effective tax rate 
   
   
 18.0 
 % 
   
 41.2 
 % 
   
 34.3 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
tax effect of temporary items that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows as of December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 4.7 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 30.1 
   
   
 21.0 
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 3.9 
   
 
 
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
   
 16.0 
   
   
 30.3 
   
 
 
   Fixed assets 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign tax and other tax credit carryforwards 
   
   
 32.3 
   
   
 21.8 
   
 
 
   Unrealized currency gain/loss 
   
   
 6.1 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
   Warranty reserve 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.1 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 7.5 
   
   
 5.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
   
   
 104.0 
   
   
 86.4 
   
 
 
   Less valuation allowance 
   
   
 (37.2 
 ) 
   
 (57.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 66.8 
   
   
 29.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 2.9 
   
 
 
   Fixed assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Foreign statutory reserves 
   
   
 5.3 
   
   
 4.5 
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
   Intangibles 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 13.1 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 23.3 
   
   
 22.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
Company uses the liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences between the tax
and financial accounting bases of assets and liabilities at each reporting period. Deferred income taxes are based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the period in which these
differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the expected realized amounts.  

         The
Company can only recognize a deferred tax asset to the extent this it is "more likely than not" that these assets will be realized. Judgments around realizability depend on the
availability and weight of both positive and negative evidence. After considering all available evidence at December 31, 2015 the Company established valuation allowances against a portion of
its deferred tax assets in the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions as it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. In particular, the Company recorded a partial valuation
allowance against its U.S. net deferred tax assets, which was comprised of deductible temporary differences and tax credit carryforwards. In determining the realizability of these assets, the Company
considered numerous factors including historical profitability, the character and amount of estimated future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  

         The
Company's valuation allowance at December 31, 2015 decreased $20.1 million as compared to December 31, 2014, including a reduction to the beginning of the year
valuation allowance of $20.8 million, to account for a change in judgment with respect to the realizability of the Company's U.S. deferred tax assets. This decrease was primarily attributable
to U.S. net operating loss and foreign tax credit usage as a result of the repatriation of $235.3 million of foreign earnings to the United States during 2015 prompted by adverse interest rate
conditions in Europe that were unfavorably impacting cash balances. Among the evidence supporting the Company's conclusion around realizability of these deferred tax assets was the elimination of
recent cumulative U.S. losses as well as expected future near term U.S. taxable income.  

         As
of December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately $3.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce state taxable income; approximately
$42.4 million of German Trade Tax net operating losses that are carried forward indefinitely; and $42.9 million of other foreign net operating losses that are expected to expire at
various times beginning in 2018. The Company also had U.S. federal tax credits of approximately $27.8 million available to offset future tax liabilities that expire at various dates, which
include research and development tax credits of $14.0 million expiring at various times through 2034, foreign tax credits of $13.8 million expiring at various times through 2024, and
state research and development tax credits of $7.1 million. Utilization of these credits and state net operating losses may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership percentage
change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and similar state provisions. In the event of a deemed change in control under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, an
annual limitation on the utilization of net operating losses and credits may result in the expiration of all or a portion of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards.  

         The
Company reflects certain foreign statutory reserves in its tabular reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits. These unrecognized tax benefits are presented as a reduction of the
associated net deferred tax assets.  

         The
Company has indefinitely reinvested the earnings of its subsidiaries in the cumulative amount of approximately $1,456.1 million as of December 31, 2015, and therefore,
has not provided for U.S. income taxes that could result from the distribution of such earnings to the U.S. parent. If these earnings were ultimately distributed to the U.S. in the form of dividends
or otherwise, or if the shares of the subsidiaries were sold or transferred, the Company would likely be subject to additional U.S. income taxes, net of the impact of any available foreign tax
credits. The Company estimates the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income taxes on these undistributed earnings to be approximately $120 million.  

 96 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

         The Company has gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, of approximately $26.9 million as of December 31, 2015, of which
$13 million, if recognized, would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. In the next twelve months it is reasonably possible that the Company will reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by
$5.2 million due to statutes of limitations expiring and favorably settling with taxing authorities which would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. A tabular reconciliation of the
beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 61.1 
   
 
 
   Gross decreases—tax positions in prior periods 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Gross increases—current period tax positions 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (7.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statutes 
   
   
 (2.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 51.7 
   
 
 
   Gross decreases—tax positions in prior periods 
   
   
 (6.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Gross decreases—current period tax positions 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statutes 
   
   
 (4.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 40.0 
   
 
 
   Gross decreases—tax positions in prior periods 
   
   
 (1.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Gross increases—current period tax positions 
   
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (2.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statutes 
   
   
 (3.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 33.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company's policy is to include accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and income tax liabilities, when applicable, in income tax expense. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had approximately $4.7 million and $3.6 million, respectively, of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits of $1.4 million and $0.1 million were recorded in
the provision for income taxes during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

         The
Company files tax returns in the U.S., which include federal, state and local jurisdictions and many foreign jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The Company considers
Germany, the U.S. and Switzerland to be its significant tax jurisdictions. The tax years 2009 to 2014 are open tax years in these significant foreign jurisdictions. In the first quarter of 2014, the
Company settled a tax audit in the U.S. for the tax year 2010. In the third quarter of 2015, the Company settled tax audits in Germany and Italy. The settlement was immaterial to the consolidated
financial statements. Tax years 2011 to 2014 remain open for examination in the U.S.  

 


 


Note 13—Employee Benefit Plans   

 


 


Defined Benefit Plans   

         Substantially all of the Company's employees in Switzerland, France and Japan, as well as certain employees in Germany, are covered by
Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans. Retirement benefits are generally earned based on years of service and compensation during active employment. Eligibility is generally determined in
accordance with local statutory requirements, however, the level of benefits and terms of vesting varies among plans.  

 97 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Net Periodic Pension Cost   

         The components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Components of net periodic benefit costs: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.5 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 2.5 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 4.1 
   
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 (2.3 
 ) 
   
 (4.1 
 ) 
   
 (3.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlement loss recognized 
   
   
 10.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Amortization of net loss 
   
   
 4.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 2.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net periodic benefit costs 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
net periodic benefit costs for the year ended December 31, 2015 includes a one-time, non-cash settlement loss of $10.2 million as the Company outsourced its pension
plan in Switzerland to an outside insurance provider, transferred certain plan assets and pension obligations for retirees and other certain members of the population, made certain plan design changes
and re-measured the liability.  

         The
Company measures its benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets as of December 31st each year. The changes in benefit obligations and plan assets under the
defined benefit pension plans, projected benefit obligation and funded status of the plans were as follows at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Change in benefit obligation: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 207.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 183.1 
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 4.8 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 2.5 
   
   
 4.6 
   
 
 
   Plan participant contributions 
   
   
 3.9 
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
 
   Plan curtailments 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (7.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Actuarial loss (gain) 
   
   
 7.5 
   
   
 42.1 
   
 
 
   Plan amendments 
   
   
 14.7 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Plan settlements 
   
   
 (39.7 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Premiums paid 
   
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Plan combinations 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange rates 
   
   
 (4.6 
 ) 
   
 (23.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Benefit obligation at end of year 
   
   
 199.2 
   
   
 207.2 
   
 
 
   Change in plan assets: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
   
   
 139.6 
   
   
 141.0 
   
 
 
   Return on plan assets 
   
   
 (3.7 
 ) 
   
 12.0 
   
 
 
   Plan participant and employer contributions 
   
   
 9.5 
   
   
 9.5 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (7.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Plan settlements 
   
   
 (39.7 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Premiums paid 
   
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Plan combinations 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange rates 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 (15.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
   
   
 106.1 
   
   
 139.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net funded status 
   
 
 
$ 
 (93.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (67.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  98 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans is $189.7 million and $198.4 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. All
defined benefit pension plans have an
accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014.  

         The
following amounts were recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for the Company's defined benefit plans at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (1.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-current liabilities 
   
   
 (91.6 
 ) 
   
 (66.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net benefit obligation 
   
 
 
$ 
 (93.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (67.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following pre-tax amounts were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the Company's defined benefit plans at December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Reconciliation of amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Prior service cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 (12.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
   
   
 (48.5 
 ) 
   
 (48.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (60.7 
 ) 
   
 (48.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Accumulated contributions in excess of net periodic benefit cost 
   
   
 (32.4 
 ) 
   
 (18.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net amount recognized 
   
 
 
$ 
 (93.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (67.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
amount in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2015 expected to be recognized as amortization of net loss within net periodic benefit cost in 2016 is
$4.1 million.  

         For
the defined benefit pension plans, the Company uses a corridor approach to amortize actuarial gains and losses. Under this approach, net actuarial gains or losses in excess of ten
percent of the larger of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service of active participants who are expected to receive benefits
under the plans.  

         The
range of assumptions used for defined benefit pension plans reflects the different economic environments within the various countries. The range of assumptions used to determine the
projected benefit obligations for the years ended December 31, are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
 
 
   Discount rates 
   
 0.3%-2.5% 
   
 0.7%-2.4% 
   
 0.7%-3.8% 
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
 0.0%-3.0% 
   
 2.9% 
   
 3.0% 
 
 
   Expected rate of compensation increase 
   
 1.0%-3.0% 
   
 1.0%-3.0% 
   
 1.0%-3.0% 
 
 
 
  
          To
determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, the Company considers current asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various asset
categories of plan assets. For the defined benefit pension plans, the Company applies the expected rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which stabilizes variability in assets to which
the expected return is applied.  

 99 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Asset Allocations by Asset Category   


         The fair value of the Company's pension plan assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014, by asset category and by level in the fair
value hierarchy, is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2015

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets 
Available (Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Plan Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign corporations (b) 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign governments (b) 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 1.2 
   
   
 1.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Equity Securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign corporations (c) 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Real estate (d) 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Swiss Life Collective BVG Foundation (f) 
   
   
 104.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 104.7 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total plan assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 106.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 104.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2014

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets 
Available (Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Plan Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents (a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 138.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 138.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign corporations (b) 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign governments (b) 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Equity Securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign corporations (c) 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Real estate (d) 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other (e) 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total plan assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 139.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 139.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Cash
and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments, including cash on hand.
 (b) Foreign
Corporate and Government bond investments had an average rating of AA.
 (c) International
equities primarily include investments in large market capitalization stocks.
 (d) Real
estate includes Swiss public real estate funds which generate returns in line with the Swiss property market by investing in residential and commerical
properties throughout Switzerland.
 (e) Includes
private equity, raw materials and alternative investment funds.
 (f) The
Company's pension plan in Switzerland is outsourced to Swiss Life AG, an outside insurance provider. Under the insurance contract, the plan assets are
invested in Swiss Life Collective BVG  
  
  100 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  

 Foundation
(the Foundation), which is an umbrella fund for which the retirement savings and interest rates are guaranteed a minimum of 1.75% on the mandatory withdrawal portion, as defined by Swiss
law, and 1.25% on the non-mandatory portion. The Foundation utilizes plan administrators and investment managers to oversee the investment allocation process, set long-term strategic targets and
monitor asset allocations. The target allocations are 75% bonds, including cash, 5% equity investments and 20% real estate and mortgages. Should the Foundation yield a return greater than the
guaranteed amounts, the Company, according to Swiss law, shall receive 90% of the additional return with Swiss Life AG retaining 10%. The withdrawal benefits and interest allocations are secured at
all times by Swiss Life AG.   

 
  
  


 


Contributions and Estimated Future Benefit Payments   

         During 2016, the Company expects contributions to be consistent with 2015. The estimated future benefit payments are based on the same
assumptions used to measure the Company's benefit obligation at December 31, 2015. The following benefit payments reflect future employee service as appropriate (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.3 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 2.4 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 2.7 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
 
   2021-2025 
   
   
 24.4 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Other Benefit Plans   

         The Company sponsors various defined contribution plans that cover certain domestic and international employees. The Company may make
contributions to these plans at its discretion. The Company contributed $6.5 million, $7.1 million and $5.3 million to such plans in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively.  

 


 


Note 14—Commitments and Contingencies   

 


 


Operating Leases   

         Certain buildings, office equipment and vehicles are leased under agreements that are accounted for as operating leases. Total rental
expense under operating leases was $23.0 million, $22.8 million and $24.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Future minimum
lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31, 2015, for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.0 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 12.0 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 8.4 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 6.0 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 5.0 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 13.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 61.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Capital Leases   

         The Company leases certain buildings under agreements that are classified as capital leases. The cost of the buildings under the
capital leases is included in the consolidated balance sheets as property,  

 101 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 plant
and equipment and was $2.7 million and $7.5 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014. Accumulated amortization of the leased buildings at December 31, 2015 and 2014 was
$0.7 million and $2.9 million, respectively. Amortization expense related to assets under capital leases is included in depreciation expense. The obligations related to capital leases
are recorded as a component of long-term debt or the current portion of long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets, depending on when the lease payments are due.  

 


 


Unconditional Purchase Commitments   

         The Company has entered into unconditional purchase commitments, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to
purchase goods, services or fixed assets and to pay royalties that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased;
fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase commitments exclude agreements that are cancelable at any time without penalty. The aggregate
amount of the Company's unconditional purchase commitments totaled $109.5 million at December 31, 2015 and the majority of these commitments are expected to be settled during 2016.  

 


 


License Agreements   

         The Company has entered into cross-licensing agreements for various technologies that allow other companies to utilize certain of its
patents and related technologies over various periods or into perpetuity. Income from these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $2.5 million,
$2.6 million and $9.5 million, respectively, and is classified in other revenue in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). The unearned portions of
proceeds from the cross-licensing agreements are classified as short-term or long-term deferred revenue depending on when the revenue will be earned.  

         The
Company has also entered into license agreements allowing it to utilize certain patents. If these patents are used in connection with a commercial product sale, the Company pays
royalties on the related product revenues. Licensing fees for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, were $3.2 million, $3.3 million and $4.0 million,
respectively, and are recorded in cost of product revenue in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  


 


 


Legal   

         Lawsuits, claims and proceedings of a nature considered normal to its businesses may be pending from time to time against the Company.
The Company believes the outcome of pending proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, no accruals have been recorded for potential contingencies.  

 



 


Internal Investigation and Compliance Matters   

         As previously reported, the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, assisted by independent outside counsel and an
independent forensic consulting firm, conducted an internal investigation in response to anonymous communications received by the Company alleging improper conduct in connection with the China
operations of the Company's Bruker Optics subsidiary. The Audit Committee's investigation, which began in 2011 and was completed in the first quarter of 2012, included a review of compliance by Bruker
Optics and its employees in China and
Hong Kong with the requirements of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other applicable laws and regulations.  

 102 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

         The investigation found evidence indicating that payments were made that improperly benefited employees or agents of government-owned enterprises in China and
Hong Kong. The investigation also found evidence that certain employees of Bruker Optics in China and Hong Kong failed to comply with the Company's policies and standards of conduct. As a result, the
Company took personnel actions, including the termination of certain individuals. The Company also terminated its business relationships with certain third party agents, implemented an enhanced FCPA
compliance program, and strengthened the financial controls and oversight at its subsidiaries operating in China and Hong Kong. During 2011, the Company also initiated a review of the China operations
of its other subsidiaries, with the assistance of an independent audit firm. On the basis of that review, the Company identified additional employees in Bruker subsidiaries operating in China who
failed to comply with the Company's policies and standards of conduct, and took additional personnel actions at certain of its subsidiaries as a result.  


         The
Company voluntarily contacted the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and the United States Department of Justice in August 2011 to advise both agencies of the internal
investigation by the Audit Committee regarding the China operations of the Company's Bruker Optics subsidiary. In October 2011, the Company also reported that existence of the internal investigation
to the Hong Kong Joint Financial Intelligence Unit and Independent Commission Against Corruption.  

         Effective
December 15, 2014, the Company consented to the entry of an administrative cease-and-desist order (Order) by the SEC concerning violations of the books and records and
internal controls provisions of the FCPA. Pursuant to the Order, the Company paid an aggregate amount of $2.4 million, consisting of $1.7 million in disgorgement, $0.3 million in
prejudgment interest, and a $0.4 million penalty. This was recorded within interest and other income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income (loss). The Company has been advised that all investigative matters have been completed as of December 31, 2014.  

 


 


Letters of Credit and Guarantees   

         At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had bank guarantees of $137.7 million and $150.3 million, respectively,
related primarily to customer advances. These arrangements guarantee the refund of advance payments received from customers in the event that the merchandise is not delivered or warranty obligations
are not fulfilled in compliance with the terms of the contract. These guarantees affect the availability of the Company's lines of credit.  

 


 


Indemnifications   

         The Company enters into standard indemnification arrangements in the Company's ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these
arrangements, the Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally the Company's business
partners or customers, in connection with any patent, or any copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to its products. The term of these
indemnification agreements is generally perpetual anytime after the execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these
agreements is unlimited. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal based on historical experiences.  

         The
Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that may require the Company to: indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may
arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a culpable nature; advance their expenses incurred as a result of any
proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified; and obtain directors' and officers' insurance if available on reasonable terms, which the Company currently has in place.  

 103 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Note 15—Shareholders' Equity   

 


 


Bruker Corporation Stock Plan   

         In February 2010, the Bruker BioSciences Corporation Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option Plan, or the 2000 Plan, expired at the end
of its scheduled ten-year term. On March 9, 2010, the Company's Board of Directors unanimously approved and adopted the Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan, or the 2010 Plan,
and on May 14, 2010, the 2010 Plan was approved by the Company's stockholders. The 2010 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 8,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The Plan allows a
committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") to grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards. The Committee has the authority to determine which
employees will receive the awards, the amount of the awards and other terms and conditions of the award. Awards granted by the Committee typically vest over a period of three to five years.  


         Stock
option activity for the year ended December 31, 2015 was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares 
Subject to 
Options  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Option Price  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term (Yrs)  
   
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value 
(in millions) (b)  
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 4,810,588 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.24 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 1,107,477 
   
   
 19.81 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (926,042 
 ) 
   
 11.81 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (354,744 
 ) 
   
 19.17 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 4,637,279 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.72 
   
   
 6.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 35.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 2,355,197 
   
 
 
$ 
 14.08 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 24.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable and expected to vest at 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   December 31, 2015 (a) 
   
   
 4,504,918 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.64 
   
   
 6.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 34.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) In
addition to the options that are vested at December 31, 2015, the Company expects a portion of the unvested options to vest in the future. Options
expected to vest in the future are determined by applying an estimated forfeiture rate to the options that are unvested as of December 31, 2015.
 (b) The
aggregate intrinsic value is based on the positive difference between the fair value of the Company's common stock price of $24.27 on
December 31, 2015, or the date of exercises, as appropriate, and the exercise price of the underlying stock options.   
  
          The
weighted average fair values of options granted was $7.82, $10.81 and $10.37 per share for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         The
total intrinsic value of options exercised was $8.2 million, $10.0 million and $8.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.  

         Unrecognized
pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of $16.7 million related to stock options awarded under the 2010 Plan is expected to be recognized over the weighted average
remaining service period of 2.2 years for stock options outstanding at December 31, 2015.  

         Restricted
shares of the Company's common stock are periodically awarded to executive officers, directors and certain key employees of the Company, subject to service restrictions, which
vest ratably over periods of four to five years. The restricted shares of common stock may not be sold or transferred during the restriction period. Stock-based compensation for restricted stock is
recorded based on the stock price on the grant date and charged to expense ratably throughout the restriction  

 104 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 period.
The following table summarizes information about restricted stock activity during the year ended December 31, 2015:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares 
Subject to 
Restriction  
   
 Weighted 
Average Grant 
Date Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 309,725 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.20 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 135,677 
   
   
 19.83 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (56,395 
 ) 
   
 17.02 
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (145,857 
 ) 
   
 17.42  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 243,150 
   
 
 
$ 
 18.58  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
total fair value of restricted stock vested was $1.0 million, $3.0 million and $1.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.  

         Unrecognized
pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of $3.9 million related to restricted stock awarded under the 2010 Plan is expected to be recognized over the weighted
average remaining service period of 2.8 years for awards outstanding at December 31, 2015.  

 


 


Note 16—Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

         The following is a summary of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, at December 31, (in
millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Foreign 
Currency 
Translation  
   
 Pension 
Liability 
Adjustment  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 170.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 (32.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 137.8 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 27.3 
   
   
 15.0 
   
   
 42.3 
   
 
 
   Realized loss on reclassification 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 2.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 197.6 
   
   
 (15.2 
 ) 
   
 182.4 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (131.6 
 ) 
   
 (22.7 
 ) 
   
 (154.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Realized loss on reclassification 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 66.0 
   
   
 (37.8 
 ) 
   
 28.2 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (62.8 
 ) 
   
 (23.6 
 ) 
   
 (86.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Realized loss on reclassification 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14.0 
   
   
 14.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (47.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  105 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 



 


Note 17—Other Charges, Net   

         The components of other charges, net for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, were as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Acquisition-related expenses (income), net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 2.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.6 
   
 
 
   Professional fees incurred in connection with internal investigation 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 3.2 
   
   
 6.1 
   
 
 
   Pension settlement charge 
   
   
 10.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Information technology transformation costs 
   
   
 8.9 
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 8.1 
   
   
 11.1 
   
   
 18.2 
   
 
 
   Factory relocation charges 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other charges, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 28.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
2013, 2014 and 2015, the Company commenced and executed productivity improvement initiatives at both BSI and BEST in an effort to better optimize its operations. These restructuring
initiatives include the divestiture of certain non-core businesses, outsourcing of various manufacturing activities, transferring or ceasing operations at certain facilities and an overall
right-sizing within the Company based on the then current business environments.  


         The
Company recorded total restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 of $29.3 million, $36.1 million and $25.3 million,
respectively, related to these initiatives. For the year ended December 31, 2015, restructuring charges of $28.4 million related to the BSI Segment and of $0.9 million related to
the BEST Segment. These charges consisted of $7.0 million of inventory provisions for excess inventory, $15.9 million of severance costs and $6.4 million of exit related costs,
such as professional service and facility exit charges. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the charges were all within the BSI Segment and consisted of $11.8 million of inventory
provisions for excess inventory, $15.5 million of severance costs and $8.8 million of exit related costs. For the year ended December 31, 2013, $23.0 million related to the
BSI Segment and $2.3 million related to the BEST
Segment, and consisted of $2.1 million of inventory provisions for excess inventory, $17.9 million of severance costs and $5.3 million of exit related costs. During the year ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded restructuring charges of $21.2 million, $25.0 million and $7.1 million, respectively, as a component of Cost of
Revenue, and $8.1 million, $11.1 million and $18.2 million, respectively, as a component of Other Charges, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income (loss).  

         The
Company commenced a restructuring initiative in 2015 within the Bruker BioSpin Group, which was developed as a result of a revenue decline that occurred during the second half of
2014 and continued during the first half of 2015. This initiative is intended to improve Bruker BioSpin Group's operating results. Restructuring actions are expected to result in a reduction of
employee headcount within the Bruker BioSpin Group of approximately 9%. Included in the total restructuring charges discussed above are restructuring expenses related to this initiative recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2015 in the amount of $14.1 million, consisting of $2.1 million for inventory write-downs and $12.0 million of severance and exit costs,
of which $12.3 was recorded as a component of Cost of Revenue and $1.8 million as a component of Other Charges, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income
(loss). The restructuring also includes the closure and consolidation of certain Bruker BioSpin manufacturing facilities. The Company determined the restructuring was an indicator requiring the
evaluation of property, plant and equipment for recoverability. The Company performed an evaluation during the year ended December 31, 2015 and determined that certain property, plant and
equipment were impaired and recorded an impairment charge of $2.1 million to reduce those assets to fair value. This impairment charge is recorded within  

 106 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 "Impairment
of assets" in the accompanying consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2015. Total restructuring and other one-time charges
related to this initiative continuing into 2016 are expected to be between $3 and $5 million, which all relate to employee separation and facility exit costs.  

         Included
in the total restructuring charges are expenses specifically related to the Plan in the former CAM Division. From inception of the Plan in the third quarter of 2014, cumulative
restructuring expenses recorded have been $18.8 million, consisting of $10.3 million of inventory write-downs and $8.5 million of severance and exit costs. Expenses expected to be
incurred under the 2014 Plan have been substantially completed during the year ended December 31, 2015.  

         In
addition, in September and October 2014 the Company divested the assets of the former CAM Division's Inductively Coupled Plasma-Mass Spectrometry (ICP-MS) product line and the Gas
Chromatography (GC) and GC single-quadrupole (GC-SQ) GC-MS mass spectrometry products, respectively. The gain on sale of the product lines of $8.0 million was recorded as part of Interest and
Other Income (Expense), net within the accompanying consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2014.  


         The
following table sets forth the changes in the restructuring reserves for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Severance  
   
 Exit Costs  
   
 Provisions for 
Excess 
Inventory  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.0 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 36.1 
   
   
 15.5 
   
   
 8.8 
   
   
 11.8 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (22.9 
 ) 
   
 (14.6 
 ) 
   
 (8.2 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash adjustments 
   
   
 (7.5 
 ) 
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (5.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 16.1 
   
   
 7.1 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 7.7 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 29.3 
   
   
 15.9 
   
   
 6.4 
   
   
 7.0 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (18.0 
 ) 
   
 (11.9 
 ) 
   
 (5.1 
 ) 
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash adjustments 
   
   
 (2.9 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 (2.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 

 
$ 
 23.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 18—Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net   

         The components of interest and other income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, were as follows
(in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
 

 
$ 
 1.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (13.0 
 ) 
   
 (13.3 
 ) 
   
 (13.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Exchange losses on foreign currency transactions 
   
   
 (5.5 
 ) 
   
 (2.0 
 ) 
   
 (10.4 
 ) 
 
 
   (Loss) gain on disposal of product line 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 8.3 
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 2.1 
   
   
 (1.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (17.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (4.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (23.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  107 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Note 19—Business Segment Information   

         The Company has two reportable segments, BSI and BEST, as discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  


         Selected
business segment information is presented below for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,499.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,674.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,709.5 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 133.7 
   
   
 152.9 
   
   
 147.4 
   
 
 
   Eliminations (a) 
   
   
 (9.1 
 ) 
   
 (18.6 
 ) 
   
 (17.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,623.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,808.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,839.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Operating Income (Loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 

 
$ 
 133.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 99.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 138.9 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 9.5 
   
 
 
   Corporate, eliminations and other (b) 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating income 
   
 
 
$ 
 145.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 105.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 148.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
product and service revenue between reportable segments.
 (b) Represents
corporate costs and eliminations not allocated to the reportable segments.   
  
          The
Company recorded an impairment charge of $4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 within the BSI Segment. The Company recorded an impairment charge of
$11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, of which $6.4 million was within the BSI Segment and $5.1 million within the BEST Segment. Please see
Note 7—Property, Plant and Equipment, net and Note 8—Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for description of impairment charges recorded in 2015 and 2014. These
impairment charges are included within "Impairment of assets" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss).  


         Total
assets by segment as of and for the years ended December 31, are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,715.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,827.7 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 79.1 
   
   
 101.2 
   
 
 
   Eliminations and other (a) 
   
   
 (63.5 
 ) 
   
 (64.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,730.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,864.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Assets
not allocated to the reportable segments and eliminations of intercompany transactions.   
  
  108 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         Total
capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization by segment are presented below for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Capital Expenditures: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 30.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 31.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 44.9 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 4.1 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 5.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total capital expenditures 
   
 
 
$ 
 34.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 33.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 50.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Depreciation and Amortization: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 

 
$ 
 50.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.4 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 2.8 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 4.9  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total depreciation and amortization 
   
 
 
$ 
 53.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 59.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 61.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Revenue
and property, plant and equipment, net by geographical area as of and for the year ended December 31, are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 380.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 387.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 359.7 
   
 
 
   Germany 
   
   
 198.9 
   
   
 215.1 
   
   
 188.9 
   
 
 
   Rest of Europe 
   
   
 479.6 
   
   
 522.9 
   
   
 583.7 
   
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 414.9 
   
   
 495.5 
   
   
 529.1 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 150.0 
   
   
 187.8 
   
   
 178.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,623.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,808.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,839.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 45.9 
   
 
 
   Germany 
   
   
 125.9 
   
   
 143.8 
   
 
 
   Rest of Europe 
   
   
 54.7 
   
   
 53.6 
   
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 3.1 
   
   
 1.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 231.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 249.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 20—Related Parties   

         The Company leases certain office space from certain of its principal shareholders, including a director and executive officer and
another member of the Company's Board of Directors, and members of their immediate families, which have expiration dates ranging from 2016 to 2020. Total rent expense under these leases was
$1.8 million, $2.0 million and $2.6 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         During
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company incurred expenses of $2.4 million and $5.3 million, respectively, to a law firm in which one of the
former members of its Board of Directors is a partner.  

         During
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company incurred expenses of $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, to a financial services firm in
which one of the former members of its Board of Directors is a partner.  

 109 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         During
the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded revenue of $0.9 million and $0.1 million, respectively, from commercial transactions with a
life science supply company in which a member of the Company's Board of Directors is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and another member of the Company's Board of Directors was formerly
a director.  

         During
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded revenue of $0.7 million and $1.9 million, respectively, and incurred expenses of
$0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, arising from commercial transactions with a life sciences company in which a member of the
Company's Board of Directors, who joined the Board of Directors in 2014, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded revenue of $0.5 million from commercial transactions with a thermal analysis company in which a member of our
Board of Directors serves as a consultant.  

 


 


Note 21—Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

         In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-17,    Balance Sheet Classification of
Deferred Taxes , which eliminates the current requirement to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as current and
noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, entities will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The guidance is effective for annual periods, and
interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company elected to early adopt this standard prospectively and all deferred
taxes are shown as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  

         In
September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an
acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment, including the effect on earnings of any amounts it would have recorded in
previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2015-16 to have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements.  

         In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . The new guidance eliminates the
measurement of inventory at market value, and inventory will now be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The ASU defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. No other changes were made to the current guidance on inventory measurement. ASU
No. 2015-11 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted and should be applied prospectively. The Company is evaluating
the provisions of this statement and has not determined what impact the adoption of ASU No. 2015-11 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.  

         In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . The new guidance changes the
presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet to a reduction of the related debt liability instead of classifying as an asset. The income statement presentation of debt issuance costs is
unchanged. ASU No. 2015-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years. Early application is permitted and the guidance is
to be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance   

 110 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements,  excluding debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements from the scope of ASU No. 2015-03. The Company
does not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2015-03 to have a material impact on its consolidated balance sheet.  

         In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 605. The new guidance was the result of a joint project between the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board to
clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop common revenue standards for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The core principle of the new guidance is
that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 was originally effective prospectively for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. Early
application was not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB elected to defer the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
application permitted as of the original effective date. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this standard may have on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  

 


 


Note 22—Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   

         A summary of operating results for the quarterly periods in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, is set forth below (in
millions, except per share data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Quarter Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31  
   
 June 30  
   
 September 30 (1)  
   
 December 31 (1)  
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2015 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 353.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 396.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 396.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 478.2 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 160.2 
   
   
 169.4 
   
   
 167.5 
   
   
 211.5 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 15.2 
   
   
 31.6 
   
   
 28.2 
   
   
 70.7 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 6.5 
   
   
 21.9 
   
   
 11.8 
   
   
 61.4 
   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.13 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.07 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.37 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.13 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.07 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.36 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2014 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 423.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 457.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 419.8 
   
 

 
$ 
 508.0 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 179.7 
   
   
 200.5 
   
   
 167.3 
   
   
 215.8 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 20.6 
   
   
 35.4 
   
   
 4.9 
   
   
 44.5 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 8.7 
   
   
 16.4 
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
 26.1 
   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.05 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.10 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.03 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.05 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.10 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.03 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.15 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) The
second, third and fourth quarter of 2015 includes impairment of assets of $1.8 million, $2.5 million and $0.3 million,
respectively, comprised of goodwill, definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets.   
 

 The
third and fourth quarter of 2014 includes impairment of assets of $6.9 million and $4.6 million, respectively, comprised of definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived
assets.   

 
  
  111 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 



 


Note 23—Subsequent Event   

         On February 22, 2016, the Company announced the establishment of a dividend policy and the declaration by its Board of Directors
of an initial quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.04 per share of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock. The dividend will be paid on March 24, 2016 to stockholders of
record as of March 4, 2016. Under the dividend policy, the Company will target a cash dividend to the Company's stockholders in the amount of $0.16 per share per annum, payable in equal
quarterly installments. Subsequent dividend declarations and the establishment of record and payment dates for such future dividend payments, if any, are subject to the Board of Directors' continuing
determination that the dividend policy is in the best interests of the Company's stockholders. The dividend policy may be suspended or cancelled at the discretion of the Board of Directors at any
time.  

 112 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   


   
       ITEM 9     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON AUDITING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 9A     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          


 


 


Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

         We have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information relating to us, including
our consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) by others within our organization.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2015. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2015 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms.  

 


 


Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in    Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013 ). Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015.  

         The
attestation report issued by Ernst & Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, on our internal control over financial reporting is included herein.  

 



 


Changes in Control over Financial Reporting   

         There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2015
that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

 113 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
     


 


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Bruker Corporation  

         We
have audited Bruker Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Bruker Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  


         In
our opinion, Bruker Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Bruker Corporation as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2015 of Bruker Corporation and our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 
 
  
  Boston,
Massachusetts 
February 26, 2016  

 114 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 9B     OTHER INFORMATION          


         None.  

 115 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
   PART III          


   
       ITEM 10     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

         The
full text of the Company's code of ethics, which applies to its Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and
Board of Directors is published on the Company's Investor Relations web site at  www.bruker.com . We intend to disclose future amendments to certain
provisions of our Code, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors, on the web site within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver.  


         Information
regarding our executive officers may be found under the caption " Executive Officers " in our definitive proxy statement for our
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding our directors, including committees of our Board of Directors and our Audit Committee Financial Experts, may be found under the captions    "Election of Directors,"
"Board Meetings, Committees and Compensation,"  and  "Audit Committee Report"  in
our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act may be found in our definitive proxy
statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption " Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. " Information
regarding the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors may be found in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the
caption " Director Nominations. " Such information is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 11     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          


         Information regarding executive compensation may be found under the captions " Compensation of Directors,"
"Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Summary of Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,"  and    "Compensation Committee Report"  in
our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein
by reference.   

   
       ITEM 12     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          


         The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2015:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period

 

  
   
 Number of Securities 
to be Issued 
Upon Exercise of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights  
   
 Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights  
   
 Number of Securities 
Remaining Available 
for Future Issuance 
Under Equity 
Compensation 
Plans (excluding 
securities reflected 
in column (a))  
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
   
 4,880,429 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.81 
   
   
 3,049,207 
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 4,880,429 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.81 
   
   
 3,049,207  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan, or the 2010 Plan, was approved by our stockholders in May 2010. The 2010 Plan has a term of ten years and provides for the
issuance of up to 8,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock.  

 116 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
information contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption  "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management"  is incorporated herein by reference.   


   
       ITEM 13     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          

         The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions    "Related Persons
Transactions"  and  "Board
Meetings, Committees and Compensation"  is incorporated herein by reference.   


   
       ITEM 14     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          

         The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions    "Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm"  and  "Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm"  is incorporated herein by reference.  

 117 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART IV          

   
       ITEM 15     EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES          

 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 
 

         The
following consolidated financial statements of Bruker Corporation are filed as part of this report under Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
 
 
    Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 
 
 
    Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 
 
    Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 
 
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 
 
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 

         All
schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto set forth under
Item 8 above.   

 
 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
   
 
 
 (b) List of Exhibits 
 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference (1)  
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
   
 Form  
   
 Date  
 
 
 3.1 
   
 Amended Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
   
   
   
 10-K 
   
 December 31, 2007 
 
 
 3.2 
   
 Bylaws of the Registrant 
   
   
   
 S-1 
   
 August 3, 2000 
 
 
 4.1 
   
 Specimen stock certificate representing shares of common stock of the Registrant 
   
   
   
 S-3 
   
 April 22, 2004 
 
 
 10.1† 
   
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan 
   
   
   
 S-8 
   
 June 4, 2010 
 
 
 10.2† 
   
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
   
   
   
 10-Q 
   
 June 30, 2010 
 
 
 10.3† 
   
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
   
   
   
 10-Q 
   
 June 30, 2010 
 
 
 10.4† 
   
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
   
   
   
 10-Q 
   
 June 30, 2010 
 
 
 
  
  118 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference (1)  
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
   
 Form  
   
 Date  
 
 
 10.30 
   
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 24, 2011 among the Company, Bruker AXS GmbH, Bruker Daltonik GmbH, Bruker Optik GmbH, Bruker Physik GmbH, Bruker BioSpin Invest AG, Bruker
BioSpin AG and Bruker BioSpin International AG, the other foreign subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Commerzbank Ag, New York, Grand Cayman And
Stuttgart Branches and RBS Citizens, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, Bank of America, N.A. as Syndication Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
   
   
   
 8-K 
   
 May 25, 2011 
 
 
 10.31* 
   
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of January 18, 2012. 
   
   
   
 8-K 
   
 January 18, 2012 
 
 
 10.34† 
   
 Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. 2009 Stock Option Plan 
   
   
   
 10-K 
   
 December 31, 2009 
 
 
 10.35† 
   
 Form of Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
   
   
   
 10-K 
   
 December 31, 2009 
 
 
 10.36† 
   
 Form of Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
   
   
   
 10-K 
   
 December 31, 2009 
 
 
 10.40† 
   
 Letter agreement dated June 5, 2012 between Bruker Corporation and Charles F. Wagner, Jr 
   
   
   
 10-Q 
   
 June 30, 2012 
 
 
 10.41† 
   
 Employment offer letter agreement dated June 25, 2012 between Bruker Corporation and Juergen Srega 
   
   
   
 10-Q 
   
 March 31, 2013 
 
 
 10.42† 
   
 Amended employment agreement dated December 3, 2013 between Bruker Corporation and Thomas Bachmann 
   
   
   
 10-K 
   
 December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
  
  119 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference (1)  
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
   
 Form  
   
 Date  
 
 
 10.43* 
   
 Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2015, by and among the Company and certain of its foreign subsidiaries as borrowers, Citizens Bank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and TD Bank, N.A., as
Co-Documentation Agents, Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for itself and the other lenders party thereto, and the several banks or
other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on the Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2015, File No. 000-30833)
 
   
   
   
 8-K 
   
 October 27, 2015 
 
 
 10.44† 
   
 Employment agreement with an effective date of November 1, 2015 between Bruker Corporation and Dr. René Lenggenhager 
   
   
   
 10-Q 
   
 November 6, 2015 
 
 
 21.1 
   
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 23.1 
   
 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 24.1 
   
 Power of attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 31.1 
   
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 31.2 
   
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 32.1 
   
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 101 
   
 The following materials from the Bruker Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and
(iv) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Certain
portions have been omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.  
  
 120 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 † Designates
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 (1) In
accordance with Rule 12b-32 under the Exchange Act reference is made to the documents previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which documents are hereby incorporated by reference. The dates listed for Forms 8-K are dates the respective forms were filed on, the dates listed for Forms 10-Q,
Forms 10-K and Forms 10-K/A are for the quarterly or annual period ended dates and the dates listed for Forms S-1, Forms S-3 and Forms S-4 are dates on which the
Securities and Exchange Commission declared them effective.   
  
  121 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 BRUKER CORPORATION 
 
 
  Date: February 26, 2016 
   
  By: 
   
 /s/ FRANK H. LAUKIEN, PH.D. 


 

    Name: Frank H. Laukien, Ph.D. 
Title:  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 
 
  
          We,
the undersigned officers and directors of Bruker Corporation, hereby severally constitute and appoint Frank H. Laukien, Ph.D. to sign for us and in our names in the capacities
indicated below, the report on Form 10-K filed herewith and any and all amendments to such report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
in each case, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and generally to do all such things in our names and on our behalf in our capacities consistent with the provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
 /s/ FRANK H. LAUKIEN, PH.D. 



 

    Frank H. Laukien, Ph.D. 
   
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ ANTHONY L. MATTACCHIONE 


 

    Anthony L. Mattacchione 
   
 Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL G. KNELL 


 

    Michael G. Knell 
   
 Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ WOLF-DIETER EMMERICH, PH.D. 


 

    Wolf-Dieter Emmerich, Ph.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ STEPHEN W. FESIK, PH.D. 


 

    Stephen W. Fesik, Ph.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ BRENDA J. FURLONG 


 

    Brenda J. Furlong 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 
  
  122 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
 /s/ MARC A.KASTNER, PH.D. 



 

    Marc A. Kastner, PH. D. 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ RICHARD D. KNISS 


 

    Richard D. Kniss 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ JOERG C. LAUKIEN 


 

    Joerg C. Laukien 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM A. LINTON 


 

    William A. Linton 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ GILLES G. MARTIN 


 

    Gilles G. Martin 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ JOHN ORNELL 


 

    John Ornell 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ RICHARD A. PACKER 


 

    Richard A. Packer 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ HERMANN REQUARDT, PH.D. 


 

    Hermann Requardt, PH.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ ROBERT ROSENTHAL, PH.D. 


 

    Robert Rosenthal, PH.D 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ CHRIS VAN INGEN 


 

    Chris van Ingen 
   
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2016 
 
 
 
  
  123 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
