
 10-K
 1
 d410656d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K       
     (Mark One)  
 
 
 ☒ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017  
 OR      
 
 
 ☐ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period
from                        to
                        
 Commission File  No. 001-31560   
       
 SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Ireland 
   
 98-0648577 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
   38/39 Fitzwilliam Square  
 Dublin 2, Ireland    (Address
of principal executive offices)    Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:
 (353) (1) 234-3136       
     Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered 


 
 Ordinary Shares, par value $0.00001 per share 
   
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None      
     Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    YES  ☒    NO  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.    YES  ☐    NO  ☒    Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES  ☒    NO  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  (§ 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES  ☒    NO  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K  (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this  Form 10-K  or any amendment to this  Form 10-K.  ☒   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated  filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 ☒ 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ☐  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Emerging growth company 
   
 ☐ 
    
 
   
 
   If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in  Rule 12b-2  of the
Exchange Act).    YES  ☐    NO  ☒    The aggregate market value of the
voting and  non-voting  ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant as of December 30, 2016, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $11.2 billion based upon the closing price reported for such date by the NASDAQ.  
 The number of outstanding ordinary shares of the registrant as of July 31, 2017 was 291,813,271.  
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the
registrant’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on October 18, 2017, will be incorporated by reference in this Form  10-K  in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. The
definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year ended June 30, 2017.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 
   
   
    
 Page No. 
   


 
 
   
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   1. 
   
   Business 
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 12 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 27 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   2. 
   
   Properties 
    
   
 28 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 28 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 28 
   
 
 
   
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   5. 
   
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 29 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 31 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   7. 
   
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 
    
   
 34 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 48 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 50 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
 
    
   
 95 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 95 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   9B. 
   
   Other Information 
    
   
 95 
   
 
 
   
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   14. 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
   
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   15. 
   
   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   SIGNATURES 
    
   
 98 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
   
 100 
   
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION  
 In this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  (the
 “Form 10-K”),  unless the context indicates otherwise, as used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” “Seagate,” the “Company” and “our” refer to Seagate
Technology public limited company (“plc”), an Irish public limited company, and its subsidiaries. References to “$” are to United States dollars.  
 We have compiled the market size information in this  Form 10-K  using statistics and other
information obtained from several third-party sources.    Various amounts and percentages used in this
 Form 10-K  have been rounded and, accordingly, they may not total 100%.    Seagate, Seagate
Technology, LaCie, Maxtor and the Spiral Logo, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Seagate Technology LLC or one of its affiliated companies in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks or registered trademarks are the
property of their respective owners.    CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 Some of the statements and assumptions included in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and
prospects, demand for our products, shifts in technology, estimates of industry growth, our ability to effectively manage our debt obligations, our restructuring efforts and the projected costs savings for the fiscal quarter ending
September 29, 2017 and the fiscal year ending June 29, 2018 and beyond. These statements identify prospective information and may include words such as “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “may,” “will,” or negative of these words, variations of these words and comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based
on information available to the Company as of the date of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  and are based on management’s current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are conditioned
upon and also involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks,
uncertainties and other factors may be beyond our control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the uncertainty in global economic conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of variable demand and the adverse pricing environment for disk drives;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 any regulatory, legal, logistical or other impediments to the Company’s ability to execute on its restructuring efforts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the Company’s ability to achieve projected cost savings in connection with its restructuring plans and consolidation of its manufacturing activities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the Company’s ability to effectively manage its debt obligations and comply with certain covenants in its credit facilities with respect to financial ratios and financial condition tests;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the Company’s ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell its disk drive products in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality, particularly the new disk drive products with
lower cost structures;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 possible excess industry supply with respect to particular disk drive products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 disruptions to the Company’s supply chain or production capabilities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of competitive product announcements and unexpected advances in competing technologies or changes in market trends;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the development and introduction of products based on new technologies and expansion into new data storage markets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 consolidation trends in the data storage industry;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 currency fluctuations and fluctuations in interest rates that may impact the Company’s margins and international sales;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the risk of  non-compliance  with the legal, regulatory, administrative and environmental climate in the international markets where the Company operates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 cyber-attacks or other data breaches that disrupt its operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or confidential information.  
 Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in such
forward-looking statements is also set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K,  which we encourage you to carefully read. These forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART I      
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS    We are a leading provider of data storage technology and solutions. Our
principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of data storage products including solid state drives (“SSD”) and their related controllers,
solid state hybrid drives (“SSHD”) and storage subsystems.    Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on
rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. Complementing existing data center storage architecture,
solid-state storage devices use integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data, and most SSDs use NAND-based flash memory. In addition to HDDs and SSDs, SSHDs combine the features of SSDs and HDDs in the same unit, containing a large hard
disk drive and an SSD cache to improve performance of frequently accessed data.    Our products are designed for mission critical and
nearline applications in enterprise servers and storage systems; client compute applications, where our products are designed primarily for desktop and mobile computing; and client  non-compute  applications,
where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as portable external storage systems, surveillance systems, network-attached storage (“NAS”), digital video recorders (“DVRs”) and gaming consoles.  
 Our cloud systems and solutions extend innovation from the device into the information infrastructure, onsite and in the cloud. Our portfolio
includes modular original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) storage systems and  scale-out  storage servers.  
 Industry Overview    Data Storage
Industry    The data storage industry is comprised of companies that manufacture components or subcomponents designed for data storage
devices and companies that provide storage solutions, software and services for enterprise cloud, big data and computing platforms.  
 Markets    The principal
markets served by the data storage industry are:    Enterprise Storage.   We define enterprise storage as dedicated storage area
networks and hyperscale cloud storage environments. Enterprise data centers run solutions which are designed for mission critical performance and nearline high capacity applications.  
 Mission critical applications are defined as those that are vital to the operation of large-scale enterprise workloads, requiring high
performance and high reliability storage solutions. We expect the market for mission critical enterprise storage solutions to continue to be driven by enterprises utilizing dedicated storage area networks. Our storage solutions are comprised
principally of high performance enterprise class disk drives with sophisticated firmware and communications technologies.    Nearline
applications are defined as those which require high capacity and energy efficient storage solutions. We expect such applications, which include storage for cloud computing, content delivery and backup services, will continue to grow and drive
demand for solutions designed with these attributes. With the increased requirements for storage driven by the creation and consumption of media-rich digital content, we expect the increased exabyte demand will require further  build-out  of data centers by cloud service providers and other enterprises which utilize high capacity nearline devices.  
 Enterprise serial attached SCSI (“SAS”) SSDs are designed to deliver superior performance, reliability and enterprise features to
meet the demands of  I/O-intensive  applications, with potential for substantial power  savings. Non-Volatile  Memory Express (“NVMe”) SSDs and  add-in  cards are designed to optimize enterprise applications with a persistent, high-performance, high-capacity memory design. They also leverage flash and software to accelerate any server virtualized deployment
and moves any big data to the realm of real time.    Client Compute.  We define client compute applications as solutions
designed for desktop and mobile compute applications ranging from traditional laptops, tablets and convertible systems. As the storage of digital content in the cloud becomes more prominent and accessible, some client compute applications rely less
on  built-in  storage, which is supplemented by cloud computing solutions and branded external hard drives.  
 Client  Non-Compute.  We define client
 non-compute  applications as solutions designed for consumer electronic devices and disk drives used for external storage. Disk drives designed for consumer electronic devices are primarily used in applications
such as surveillance systems, NAS and DVRs that require a higher capacity, low  cost-per-gigabyte  storage solution. Disk drives for external storage is designed for
purposes such as portable external storage, and to augment storage capacity in the consumer’s current desktop, notebook, tablet or DVR devices. We believe the proliferation and personal creation of media-rich digital content will continue to
create increasing consumer demand for higher capacity storage solutions.  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Cloud Systems and Solutions.  We define cloud systems and solutions as
applications that provide cloud based solutions to businesses for the purpose of  scale-out  storage solutions and modular systems. Systems can contain HDDs and SSDs and can offer file management systems,
software, and even compute power.    Participants in the data storage industry include:  
 Major subcomponent manufacturers.  Companies that manufacture components or subcomponents used in data storage devices or
solutions include companies that supply spindle motors, heads and media, application specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”).  
 Hardware storage solutions manufacturers.  Companies that transform components into storage products include disk drive
manufacturers and semiconductor storage manufacturers which include integrating flash memory into storage products such as SSDs.  
 System integrators.  Companies, such as OEMs, that bundle and package storage solutions into client compute, client  non-compute  or enterprise applications as well as enterprise storage solutions. Distributors that integrate storage hardware and software into  end-user  applications and Cloud
Service Providers (“CSP”) that provide cloud based solutions to businesses for the purpose of  scale-out  storage solutions and modular systems that are also included in this category.  
 Storage services.  Companies that provide and host services and solutions, which include storage, backup, archiving,
recovery and discovery of data.    Hyperscale Data Centers.  Increasingly, large hyperscale data center companies are
designing their own storage subsystems and having those built by contract manufacturers for use inside their own data centers. This trend is reshaping the storage system and subsystem market and driving innovation in system design and changes in the
competitive landscape of the large storage system vendors.    Demand for Data Storage  
 The continued advancement of the cloud, the proliferation of a variety of mobile devices globally, development of the Internet of Things
(“IoT”), increasingly pervasive use of video surveillance, evolution of consumer electronic devices, and enterprise use of big data analytics are driving the growth of digital content. Factors contributing to the growth of digital content
include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Creation, sharing, and consumption of media-rich digital content, such as high-resolution photos, high definition video, and digital music through smart phones, tablets, digital cameras, personal video cameras, DVRs,
gaming consoles or other digital devices;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Creation, aggregation and distribution of digital content through services and other offerings such as Facebook ® , Instagram ® , iTunes ® , Netflix ® ,
Google ®  and YouTube ® ;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 New surveillance systems which feature higher resolution digital cameras and thus require larger data storage capacities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Creation and collection of data through the evolution of the IoT ecosystem, big data analytics and new technology trends such as self-driving cars and drones;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Build out of large numbers of cloud data centers by cloud service providers and private companies transitioning  on-site  data centers into the cloud; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Protection of increased digital content through redundant storage on backup devices and externally provided storage services.  
 As a result of these factors, the nature and volume of content being created requires greater storage, which is more efficiently and
economically facilitated by higher capacity storage devices in order to store, manage, distribute, analyze and backup such content. We expect this to support the growth in demand for data storage solutions in developed and emerging economies well
into the future.    The amount of data created as well as where and how data is stored continues to evolve with the proliferation of mobile
devices, the growth of cloud computing, and the evolving IoT. In addition, the economics of storage infrastructure are also evolving with the utilization of public and private hyper-scale storage and open-source solutions reducing the total cost of
ownership of storage while increasing the speed and efficiency with which customers can leverage massive computing and storage devices. Accordingly, we expect these trends will continue to create significant demand for data storage solutions going
forward.    Demand Trends for Disk Drives  
 We believe that continued growth in digital content requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host,
distribute, analyze, manage, backup and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the manner in which hard drives are delivered to market and utilized
by our customers will evolve as well.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We believe that in the foreseeable future the traditional enterprise and client compute
markets that require high-capacity storage solutions, and the data intensive client  non-compute  markets will continue to be best served by hard disk drives due to the industry’s ability to deliver the
most cost effective, reliable and energy efficient mass storage devices although the advance of solid state technology in the above markets is expected to increase as well. Furthermore, the increased use of client
 non-compute  devices that both consume media-rich digital content streamed from the cloud and create rich digital content that is stored in the cloud, increases the demand for high capacity hard disk drives in
enterprise nearline applications.    We also believe that as hard disk drive capacities continue to increase, unit demand does not reflect
the increase in exabytes demand. In recent years, this trend has resulted in demand for fewer units, but with higher average capacity per drive.  
 Industry Supply Balance  
 From time to time the HDD industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the disk drive industry
builds or maintains capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is generally muted.  
 Our Business    Disk Drive Technology  
 The design and manufacturing of disk drives depends on highly advanced technology and manufacturing techniques and therefore requires high
levels of research and development spending and capital equipment investments. We design, fabricate and assemble a number of the most important components found in our disk drives, including read/write heads and recording media. Our design and
manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various disk drive products that serve multiple data storage applications and markets. Our core technology platforms are focused around the areal density of media
and read/write head technologies. Using an integrated platform design and manufacturing leverage approach allows us to deliver a portfolio of disk drive products to service a wide range of data storage applications and industries.  
 Disk drives that we manufacture are commonly differentiated by the following key characteristics:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 storage capacity, commonly expressed in gigabytes (“GB”) or terabytes (“TB”), which is the amount of data that can be stored on the disk drive;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 spindle rotation speed, commonly expressed in revolutions per minute (“RPM”), which has an effect on speed of access to data;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 interface transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data moves between the disk drive and the computer controller;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 average seek time, commonly expressed in milliseconds, which is the time needed to position the heads over a selected track on the disk surface;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 data transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data is transferred to and from the disk drive;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 input/output operations per second (“IOPS”), commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the maximum number of reads and writes to a storage location;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 product quality and reliability, commonly expressed in annualized return rates; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 energy efficiency, commonly measured by the power output necessary to operate the disk drive.  
 Areal density is measured by storage capacity per square inch on the recording surface of a disk. The storage capacity of a disk drive is
determined by the number of disks it contains as well as the areal density capability of these disks. We have been pursuing, and will continue to pursue, a number of technologies to increase areal densities across the entire range of our products
for expanding disk drive capacities and reducing the number of disks and heads per drive to further reduce product costs.    Manufacturing  
 We design and produce our own read/write heads and recording media, which are critical technologies for disk drives. This integrated approach
enables us to lower costs and to improve the functionality of components so that they work together efficiently.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We believe that because of our vertical design and manufacturing strategy, we are well
suited to take advantage of the opportunities to leverage the close interdependence of components for disk drives. Our manufacturing efficiency and flexibility are critical elements of our integrated business strategy. We continuously seek to
improve our manufacturing efficiency and reduce manufacturing cost by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 employing manufacturing automation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 improving product quality and reliability;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 integrating our supply chain with suppliers and customers to enhance our demand visibility and reduce our working capital requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 coordinating between our manufacturing group and our research and development organization to rapidly achieve volume manufacturing; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 operating our facilities at optimal capabilities.    A vertically integrated model, however,
tends to have less flexibility when demand moderates as it exposes us to higher unit costs as capacity utilization is not optimized.    Components and
Raw Materials    Disk drives incorporate certain components, including a head disk assembly and a printed circuit board mounted to the
head disk assembly, which are sealed inside a rigid base and top cover containing the recording components in a contamination controlled environment. We maintain a highly integrated approach to our business by designing and manufacturing a
significant portion of the components we view as critical to our products, such as recording heads and media.    Read/Write Heads.
 The function of the read/write head is to scan across the disk as it spins, magnetically recording or reading information. The tolerances of recording heads are extremely demanding and require  state-of-the-art  equipment and processes. Our read/write heads are manufactured with thin-film and photolithographic processes similar to those used to produce
semiconductor integrated circuits, though challenges in magnetic film properties and topographical structures are unique to the disk drive industry. We perform all primary stages of design and manufacture of read/write heads at our facilities. We
use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced read/write heads, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels.  
 Media.  Information is written to the media, or disk, as it rotates at very high speeds past the read/write head. The media is made from
 non-magnetic  material, usually aluminum alloy or glass, and is coated with thin layers of magnetic materials. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced finished media and aluminum
substrates, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. We purchase all of our glass substrates from third parties.  
 Printed Circuit Board Assemblies.  The printed circuit board assemblies (“PCBAs”) are comprised of standard and custom
ASICs and ancillary electronic control chips. The ASICs control the movement of data to and from the read/write heads and through the internal controller and interface, which communicates with the host computer. The ASICs and control chips form
electronic circuitry that delivers instructions to a head positioning mechanism called an actuator to guide the heads to the selected track of a disk where the data is recorded or retrieved. Disk drive manufacturers use one or more industry standard
interfaces such as serial advanced technology architecture (“SATA”); small computer system interface (“SCSI”); SAS; or Fibre Channel (“FC”) to communicate to the host systems. We outsource to third parties the
manufacture and assembly of the PCBAs used in our disk drives. We do not manufacture any ASICs, but we participate in their proprietary design.  
 Head Disk Assembly.  The head disk assembly consists of one or more disks attached to a spindle assembly powered by a spindle motor that
rotates the disks at a high constant speed around a hub. Read/write heads, mounted on an arm assembly, similar in concept to that of a record player, fly extremely close to each disk surface and record data on and retrieve it from concentric tracks
in the magnetic layers of the rotating disks. The read/write heads are mounted vertically on an  E-shaped  assembly  (“E-block”)  that is actuated by a voice-coil
motor to allow the heads to move from track to track. The  E-block  and the recording media are mounted inside the head disk assembly. We purchase spindle motors from outside vendors and from time to time
participate in the design of the motors that go into our products. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced head disk assemblies.  
 Disk Drive Assembly.  Following the completion of the head disk assembly, it is mated to the PCBA, and the completed unit goes through
extensive defect mapping and testing prior to packaging and shipment. Disk drive assembly and test operations occur primarily at facilities located in China and Thailand. We perform subassembly and component manufacturing operations at our
facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and in the United States. In addition, third parties manufacture and assemble components and disk drive assemblies for us in various countries worldwide.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Suppliers of Components and Industry Constraints.  There are a limited number of
independent suppliers of components, such as recording heads and media, available to disk drive manufacturers. Vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers, who manufacture their own components, are less dependent on external component suppliers
than less vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers.    Commodity and Other Manufacturing Costs.  The production of disk drives
requires rare earth elements, precious metals, scarce alloys and industrial commodities, which are subject to fluctuations in prices and the supply of which has at times been constrained. In addition to increased costs of components and commodities,
volatility in fuel costs may also increase our costs related to commodities, manufacturing and freight. As a result, we may increase our use of ocean shipments to help offset any increase in freight costs.  
 Products    We offer a broad range of
storage solutions for the enterprise, data center, client compute and client  non-compute  applications. We offer more than one product within each product category and differentiate products on the basis of
price, performance, form factor, capacity, interface, power consumption efficiency, security features, and other customer integration requirements. Our industry is characterized by continuous and significant advances in technology which contribute
to rapid product life cycles. We list our main current product offerings below.    Enterprise Storage  
 Enterprise Performance HDDs.  Our 10,000 and 15,000 RPM Enterprise Performance disk drives feature increased throughput and improved
energy efficiency, targeted at high random performance server application needs. Performance 10,000 RPM HDDs ship in storage capacities ranging from 300GB to 2.4TB, and our 15,000 RPM HDDs ship in storage capacities ranging from 146GB to 900GB.  
 Enterprise Capacity and Archive HDDs.  Our Enterprise Capacity disk drives ship in  2.5-inch 
and  3.5-inch  form factors and in storage capacities of up to 12TB that mainly rotate at a speed of 7,200 RPM. These products are designed for bulk data storage and server environments that require high
capacity, enterprise reliability, energy efficiency, integrated security, and SATA and SAS interfaces. Our Archive HDDs provide up to 8TB of  low-cost  storage designed specifically for active archive storage
environments in cloud data centers where very low cost and power are paramount.    Enterprise SSDs.  Our SAS SSD are
available in capacities up to 3.8TB and feature 12GB per second interface to deliver the speed and consistency needed for demanding enterprise storage and server applications. We also offer a wide range of NVMe and SATA interface SSDs and  add-in  cards in our Nytro family with capacities up to 7.7TB.    Client Compute  
 Desktop HDDs and SSHDs.  Our  3.5-inch  desktop drives ship in both traditional HDD and SSHD
configurations and offer up to 10TB of capacity. Desktop drives are designed for applications such as personal computers and workstations.  
 Mobile HDDs and SSHDs.  Our family of  2.5-inch  laptop drives ship in a variety of
capacities (up to 5TB) and technologies (HDD and SSHD) to support mobile needs. Used in applications ranging from traditional laptops, convertible systems and external storage, our drives are built to address a range of performance needs and sizes
for affordable, high capacity storage.    Client  Non-Compute   
 Surveillance HDDs.  Our surveillance drives are built to support the high-write workload of an
 always-on,  always-recording video surveillance system. These surveillance optimized drives are built to support the growing needs of the surveillance market with support for multiple hard drive
(“HD”) streams and capacities up to 10TB.    NAS HDDs.  Our NAS drives are built to support the performance and
reliability demanded by small and medium businesses, and incorporate interface software with custom-built error recovery controls, power settings, and vibration tolerance. Our NAS HDD solutions are available in capacities up to 10TB.  
 Video HDDs.  Our Video HDDs are used in video applications like DVR’s and media centers. These disk drives are optimized for video
streaming in  always-on  applications with capacities up to 4TB to support leading-edge digital entertainment.  
 Gaming HDDs.  Gaming HDDs are specifically optimized for console gaming usage. These products are designed to enhance gaming
experience during game-load and game-play and are available in capacities up to 2TB.    Branded Solutions.  Our external backup
storage solutions are shipped under the Backup Plus and Expansion product lines, as well as under the Maxtor and LaCie brand names. These product lines are available in capacities up to 120TB.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Customers  
 We sell our products to major OEMs, distributors and retailers.  
 The following table summarizes our HDD revenue by channel and by geography:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
 July 1, 2016 
   
   
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Revenues by Channel (%) 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   OEM 
      
   
 67 
 %  
   
   
 69 
 %  
   
   
 71 
 %  
 
   Distributors 
      
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   Retail 
      
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Revenues by Geography (%)  (1) 

      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
      
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
      
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   Asia Pacific 
      
   
 52 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 57 
 %  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Revenue is attributed to countries based on the shipping location.    OEM customers typically
enter into master purchase agreements with us. These agreements provide for pricing, volume discounts, order lead times, product support obligations and other terms and conditions including sales programs offered to promote selected products.
Deliveries are scheduled only after receipt of purchase orders. In addition, with limited lead-time, customers may defer most purchase orders without significant penalty. Anticipated orders from many of our customers have in the past failed to
materialize or OEM delivery schedules have been deferred or altered as a result of changes in their business needs.    Our distributors
generally enter into  non-exclusive  agreements for the resale of our products. They typically furnish us with a  non-binding  indication of their near-term requirements and
product deliveries are generally scheduled accordingly. The agreements and related sales programs typically provide the distributors with limited right of return and price protection rights. In addition, we offer sales programs to distributors on a
quarterly and periodic basis to promote the sale of selected products in the sales channel.    Our retail channel consists of our branded
storage products sold to retailers either by us directly or by our distributors. Retail sales made by us or our distributors typically require greater marketing support, sales incentives and price protection periods.  
 In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, Dell Inc. accounted for approximately 10%, 12% and 14% of consolidated revenue, respectively. In fiscal
year 2015, Hewlett-Packard Company accounted for approximately 12% of consolidated revenue. In fiscal year 2016, HP Inc., formerly known as Hewlett-Packard Company, completed its separation with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, and each company
accounted for less than 10% of our consolidated revenue in both fiscal year 2016 and 2017. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed or canceled
purchases by, one or more of our major customers.”    Competition  
 We compete primarily with manufacturers of hard drives used in the enterprise, client compute and client
 non-compute  applications. We are also a supplier of Enterprise SSDs, NVMe  add-in  cards, cloud storage solutions and storage subsystems through our acquisitions. The
markets that we participate in are highly competitive. Disk drive manufacturers compete for a limited number of major disk drive customers but also compete with other companies in the data storage industry that provide SSDs and NVMe  add-in  technology. Some of the principal factors used by customers to differentiate among data storage solutions manufacturers are storage capacity, product performance, product quality and reliability, price per
unit and price per gigabyte,  time-to-market  and  time-to-volume  leadership,
storage/retrieval access times, data transfer rates, form factor, product warranty and support capabilities, supply continuity and flexibility, power consumption, total cost of ownership, and brand. While different markets and customers place
varying levels of emphasis on these factors, we believe that our products are competitive with respect to many of these factors in the markets that we currently address.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Principal Disk Drive Competitors.  There are three companies in the data storage
industry that manufacture disk drives:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Seagate, selling the Seagate, LaCie and Maxtor brands;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Western Digital Corporation, operating the Western Digital, Hitachi Global Storage Technologies subsidiaries and SanDisk; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Toshiba Corporation    Other Competition.  We are seeing direct competition
from SSD’s that is adversely impacting demand for HDD in some markets including Notebook and Enterprise Mission Critical. We expect that this trend will continue although we believe both product types will be required in the market to satisfy
the growing demand for data storage.    Price Erosion.  Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for
disk drive products with comparable capacity, performance and feature sets  (“like-for-like  products”). Price declines for  like-for-like  products (“price erosion”) tend to be more pronounced during periods of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 economic contraction in which competitors may use discounted pricing to attempt to maintain or gain market share;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 few new product introductions when competitors have comparable or alternative product offerings; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 industry supply exceeding demand.    Disk drive manufacturers typically attempt to offset price
erosion with an improved mix of disk drive products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature sets and product cost reductions.  
 We believe the HDD industry experienced modest price erosion in fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017.  
 Product Life Cycles and Changing Technology.  Success in our industry has been dependent to a large extent on the ability to
balance the introduction and transition of new products with  time-to-volume,  performance, capacity and quality metrics at a competitive price, level of service and
support that our customers expect. Generally, the drive manufacturer that introduces a new product first benefits from improved product mix, favorable profit margins and less pricing pressure until comparable products are introduced. Changing
technology also necessitates  on-going  investments in research and development, which may be difficult to recover due to rapid product life cycles and economic declines. Further, there is a continued need to
successfully execute product transitions and new product introductions, as factors such as quality, reliability and manufacturing yields continue to be of significant competitive importance.  
 Seasonality    The disk drive industry
traditionally experiences seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the
 back-to-school  season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. We believe fiscal year 2015 reflected seasonality
consistent with historical patterns. In fiscal year 2016, beyond traditional seasonality, variability of sales was a reflection of more cyclical demand from CSPs based on the timing of large systems installations and the shift of the underlying
technology. We believe fiscal year 2017 reflected seasonality consistent with historical patterns.    Research and Development  
 We are committed to developing new component technologies, products and alternative storage technologies. Our research and development focus is
designed to bring new products to market in high volume, with quality attributes that our customers expect, before our competitors. Part of our product development strategy is to leverage a design platform and/or subsystem within product families to
serve different market needs. This platform strategy allows for more efficient resource utilization, leverages best design practices, reduces exposure to changes in demand, and allows for achievement of lower costs through purchasing economies. Our
advanced technology integration effort focuses disk drive and component research on recording subsystems, including read/write heads and recording media; market-specific product technology; and technology focused towards new business opportunities.
The primary purpose of our advanced technology integration effort is to ensure timely availability of mature component technologies to our product development teams as well as allowing us to leverage and coordinate those technologies in the design
centers across our products in order to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace. During fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, we had product development expenses of approximately $1,232 million, $1,237 million and
$1,353 million, respectively, which represented 11%, 11% and 10% of our consolidated revenue, respectively.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Patents and Licenses  
 As of June 30, 2017, we had approximately 5,600 U.S. patents and 1,300 patents issued in various foreign jurisdictions as well as
approximately 1,100 U.S. and 900 foreign patent applications pending. The number of patents and patent applications will vary at any given time as part of our ongoing patent portfolio management activity. Due to the rapid technological change that
characterizes the data storage industry, we believe that, in addition to patent protection, the improvement of existing products, reliance upon trade secrets, protection of unpatented proprietary  know-how  and
development of new products are also important to our business in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. Accordingly, we intend to continue our efforts to broadly protect our intellectual property, including obtaining patents, where
available, in connection with our research and development program.    We have patent licenses with a number of companies. Additionally, as
part of our normal intellectual property practices, we may be engaged in negotiations with other major data storage companies and component manufacturers with respect to patent licenses.  
 The data storage industry is characterized by significant litigation arising from time to time relating to patent and other intellectual
property rights. Because of rapid technological development in the data storage industry, some of our products have been, and in the future could be, alleged to infringe existing patents of third parties. From time to time, we receive claims that
our products infringe patents of third parties. Although we have been able to resolve some of those claims or potential claims by obtaining licenses or rights under the patents in question without a material adverse effect on us, other claims have
resulted in adverse decisions or settlements. In addition, other claims are pending, which if resolved unfavorably to us could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For more information on these claims, see
“Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies.” The costs of engaging in intellectual property litigation in the past have been, and in the future may be,
substantial, irrespective of the merits of the claim or the outcome.    Backlog  
 In view of industry practice, whereby customers may cancel or defer orders with little or no penalty, we believe backlog in the disk drive
industry is of limited indicative value in estimating future performance and results.    Environmental Matters  
 Our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing
discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and
water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities.    We have established
environmental management systems and continually update environmental policies and standard operating procedures for our operations worldwide. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations
and permits. We budget for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital
expenditures.    Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as
amended, the “Superfund” law) and its state equivalents, can impose liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon parties who sent waste to these sites,
regardless of whether the owner or operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. We have been identified as a potentially responsible party at several sites. At each
of these sites, we have an assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable parties. We have fulfilled our responsibilities at
some of these sites and remain involved in only a few at this time.    While our ultimate costs in connection with these sites is difficult
to predict with complete accuracy, based on current estimates of cleanup costs and our expected allocation of these costs, we do not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material.  
 We may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those restricting the
presence of certain substances in electronic products. For example, the European Union (“EU”) enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which prohibits the use of certain
substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives and server storage products, put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States,
Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts substances of very high concern (“SVHCs”) in products.
 
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Employees  
 At June 30, 2017, we employed approximately 41,000 employees and temporary employees worldwide, of which approximately 33,000 were located
in our Asian operations. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees at all levels. We believe that our employee relations are good.  
 Financial Information    Financial
information for our reportable business segment and about geographic areas is set forth in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 13. Business Segment and Geographic Information.”  
 Corporate Information    Seagate Technology
public limited company, is a public limited company organized under the laws of Ireland.    Available Information  
 Availability of Reports.  We are a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Exchange
Act”), and we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The public may read and copy any of our filings at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE, Washington, DC 20549 from 10:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. EST. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330  or (202)  551-6551.  Because we make filings to the SEC electronically, the public may access this information at the SEC’s website:
www.sec.gov. This site contains reports, proxies and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.  
 Website Access.  Our website is www.seagate.com. We make available, free of charge at the “Investors” section of our
website, Annual Reports on  Form 10-K,  Quarterly Reports on  Form 10-Q,  Current Reports on  Form 8-K  and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership
filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act are also available on our website.    Investors and others should note
that we routinely use the Investors section of our website to announce material information to investors and the marketplace. While not all of the information that the Company posts on its corporate website is of a material nature, some information
could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors, the media and others interested in the Company to review the information that it shares on www.seagate.com. Information in, or that can be accessed through, our website
is not incorporated into this  Form 10-K.     Executive Officers  
 On July 25, 2017 the Company’s board of directors (the “Board of Directors”) appointed William D. Mosley to serve as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, effective October 1, 2017. The Board of Directors also appointed Mr. Mosley to serve as a director of the Company, effective July 25, 2017. Mr. Mosley will serve as a director until the
Company’s next annual general meeting of shareholders when he is expected to stand for election by a vote of the Company’s shareholders. On July 25, 2017, the Company also announced that Stephen J. Luczo will step down from his
position as Chief Executive Officer, effective October 1, 2017. Mr. Luczo will remain with the Company in the role of Executive Chairman effective October 1, 2017 and will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors.  
 The following sets forth the name, age and positions of each of the persons who were serving as executive officers as of August 4, 2017.
There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers.  
      10  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
   
    
   Positions 


 
   Stephen J. Luczo 
    
   
 60 
   
    
   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   William D. Mosley 
    
   
 50 
   
    
   President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
   Philip G. Brace  (a) 
    
   
 46 
   
    
   President, Cloud Systems and Silicon Group 
 
   David H. Morton Jr. 
    
   
 45 
   
    
   Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
 
   James J. Murphy 
    
   
 58 
   
    
   Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing 
 
   Katherine E. Schuelke 
    
   
 54 
   
    
   Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Mr. Brace is leaving the Company and will remain for an interim transition period until October 2, 2017.  
 Stephen J. Luczo. Mr. Luczo, 60, has served as our CEO since January 2009 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2002.
Mr. Luczo joined Seagate in October 1993 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development. In September 1997, he was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of Seagate Technology (Seagate Technology plc’s predecessor) and, in
July 1998, he was promoted to CEO at which time he joined the Board of Directors as a director of Seagate Technology. Mr. Luczo resigned as CEO effective as of July 2004, but remained as Chairman of the Board of Directors. He served as  non-employee  Chairman from October 2006 to January 2009. From October 2006 until he rejoined us in January 2009, Mr. Luczo was a private investor. Prior to joining Seagate in 1993, Mr. Luczo was Senior
Managing Director of the Global Technology Group of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., an investment banking firm, from February 1992 to October 1993. Mr. Luczo served on the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation from May 2012
to March 2014.    William D. Mosley. Mr. Mosley, 50, has served as our President, Chief Operating Officer since June 2016 and as a
member of the Board since July 25, 2017. He was previously our President, Operations and Technology from October 2013 to June 2016 and our Executive Vice President, Operations from March 2011 until October 2013. Prior to that, he served as
Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing from February 2009 through March 2011; Senior Vice President, Global Disk Storage Operations from 2007 to 2009; and Vice President, Research and Development, Engineering from 2002 to 2007.
Mr. Mosley joined Seagate in 1996 as a Senior Engineer and served in other positions of increasing responsibility until his promotion to Vice President in 2002.  
 Philip G. Brace. Mr. Brace, 46, has served as our President, Cloud Systems and Silicon Group since July 2015. On June 2, 2017, we
announced that Mr. Brace will leave the Company. Mr. Brace will remain with us for an interim period, ending on October 2, 2017, in order to assist with the transition of his responsibilities. Mr. Brace joined Seagate in
September 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Silicon Solutions, and was promoted to Interim President of Cloud Systems and Silicon group on April 30, 2015. He was previously employed by LSI Corporation
(“LSI”) from August 2005 through September 2014. At LSI, he was the Executive Vice President of the Storage Solutions Group from July 2012 to September 2014 and Senior Vice President and General Manager from January 2009 to July 2012.  
 David H. Morton Jr. Mr. Morton, 45, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2015 and our Principal
Accounting Officer since 2014. He was previously our Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer from April 2014 to October 2015 and our Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer from October
2009 to April 2014; Vice President of Finance, Sales and Marketing from March 2009 to October 2009; Vice President of Sales Operations from July 2007 to March 2009; Vice President of Finance, Storage Markets from October 2006 to July 2007; Executive
Director of Consumer Electronics Finance from October 2005 to October 2006; and Executive Director of Corporate FP&A from June 2004 to October 2005.  
 James J. Murphy, 58, has served as our Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing since January 2017. From 2003 to 2016,
Mr. Murphy was employed by Western Digital Corporation where he served in a variety of executive leadership roles including President of Western Digital Corporation, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales & Sales Operations, and
Vice President of Asia Pacific sales. Mr. Murphy began his career with IBM in 1984 in the sales organization, where he held a number of sales roles with increasing responsibilities over a seven-year period.  
 Katherine E. Schuelke, 54, has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since June 2017. She was
previously employed by Altera Corporation (“Altera”) from March 1996 through January 2016. At Altera, Ms. Schuelke was the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 2011 through 2016 and Vice President, General
Counsel, and Secretary from 2001 to 2011. At Altera, she held other positions of increasing responsibility from 1996 through 2001.  
      11  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS    If we fail to predict demand accurately for our products in any quarter, we may not be
able to recapture the cost of our investments which may materially adversely affect our financial results and the results of our operations.  
 Our industry operates primarily on quarterly purchasing cycles, with much of the order flow in any given quarter typically coming at the end of
that quarter. Our quarterly results are subject to substantial fluctuations and can be difficult to predict. Our manufacturing process requires us to make significant product-specific investments in inventory in each quarter for that quarter’s
production. Since we typically receive the bulk of our orders late in a quarter after we have made our investments, there is a risk that our orders will not be sufficient to allow us to recapture the costs of our investment before the products
resulting from that investment have become obsolete. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to accurately predict demand in the future.  
 Our revenues in any quarter are substantially dependent upon customer orders in that quarter. We attempt to project future orders based in
part on estimates from our major customers. Our customers’ estimated requirements are not always accurate and we therefore cannot predict our quarterly revenues with any degree of certainty. In addition, we derive a portion of our revenues in
each quarter from a number of relatively large orders. If one or more of our major customers decide to defer a purchase order or delays product acceptance in any given quarter, this is likely to result in reduced total revenues for that quarter.
   The difficulty in forecasting demand also increases the difficulty in anticipating our inventory requirements, which may cause us to
over-produce finished goods, resulting in increased working capital requirements, or under-produce finished goods, adversely affecting our ability to meet customer requirements and maintain our market share. Additionally, the risk of inventory
write-offs could increase if we were to continue to hold higher inventory levels. Our uneven sales cycle makes inventory management challenging and future financial results less predictable. We cannot be certain that we will be able to recover the
costs associated with increased inventory.    Other factors that may negatively impact our ability to recapture the cost of investments in
any given quarter include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of variable demand and an aggressive pricing environment for disk drives;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of competitive product announcements and possible excess industry supply both with respect to particular disk drive products and with respect to competing alternative storage technology solutions such as
solid state drives (“SSDs”) in tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our inability to reduce our fixed costs to match sales in any quarter because of our vertical manufacturing strategy may increase our capital expenditures;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 dependence on our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality our disk drive products, particularly the new disk drive products with
lower cost structures;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 uncertainty in the amount of purchases from our distributor customers who from time to time constitute a large portion of our total sales;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our product mix and the related margins of the various products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 accelerated reduction in the price of our disk drives due to technological advances and/or an oversupply of disk drives in the market and shifting trends in demand which can create supply and demand imbalances;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 manufacturing delays or interruptions, particularly at our manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand, or the United States;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 limited access to components that we obtain from a single or a limited number of suppliers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the cost of producing our products and the effective price of our products to foreign consumers; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 operational issues arising out of the increasingly automated nature of our manufacturing processes.  
 In addition, the demand for client  non-compute  products can be even more volatile and unpredictable
than the demand for client compute products. In some cases, our products manufactured for client  non-compute  applications are uniquely configured for a single customer’s application, which creates a risk
of unwanted and unsellable inventory if the anticipated volumes are not realized. This potential for unpredictable volatility is increased by the possibility of competing alternative storage technologies like flash memory meeting the customers’
cost and capacity metrics, resulting in a rapid shift in demand from our products and disk drive technology, generally, to alternative storage technologies. Unpredictable fluctuations in demand for our products or rapid shifts in demand from our
products to alternative storage technologies in new client  non-compute  applications could materially adversely impact our future results of operations.  
      12  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Market acceptance of new product introductions cannot be accurately predicted, and our results of
operations will suffer if there is less demand for our new products than is anticipated.    The markets for our products are
characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and technology enhancements, uncertain product life cycles and changes in customer demand. The success of our new product introductions is dependent on a number of
factors, including market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with product transitions, the effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand and the risk that our new products will have quality
problems or other defects in the early stages of introduction that were not anticipated in the design of those products. Accordingly, we cannot accurately determine the ultimate effect that our new products will have on our results of operations.
Failure to accurately anticipate customers’ need and accurately identify the shift in technological changes could materially adversely affect our long-term financial results.  
 Historically, our results of operations have substantially depended upon our ability to be among the  first-to-market  with new product offerings. We may face technological, operational and financial challenges in developing new products. In addition, our investments directed toward new product development may
not yield the anticipated benefits. Our market share and results of operations in the future may be adversely affected if we fail to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 consistently maintain our  time-to-maturity  performance with our new products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 produce these products in sufficient volume;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 qualify these products with key customers on a timely basis by meeting our customers’ performance and quality specifications; or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 achieve acceptable manufacturing yields, quality and costs with these products.    In addition,
the success of our new product introductions is dependent upon our ability to qualify as a primary source of supply with our OEM customers. In order for our products to be considered by our customers for qualification, we must be among the leaders
in  time-to-market  with those new products. Once a product is accepted, any failure or delay in the qualification process or a requirement that we requalify can result in
our losing sales to that customer until new products are introduced. The limited number of high-volume OEMs magnifies the effect of missing a product qualification opportunity. These risks are further magnified because we expect competitive
pressures to result in declining sales, eroding prices, and declining gross margins on our current generation products. If the delivery of our products is delayed, our OEM customers may use our competitors’ products to meet their production
requirements. We cannot assure that we will be among the leaders in  time-to-market  with new products or that we will be able to successfully qualify new products with
our customers in the future.    We face the related risk that consumers and businesses may wait to make their purchases if they want to buy
a new product that has been announced but not yet released. If this were to occur, we may be unable to sell our existing inventory of products that may be less efficient and cost effective compared to new products. As a result, even if we are among
the  first-to-market  with a given product, subsequent introductions or announcements by our competitors of new products could cause us to lose revenue and not achieve a
positive return on our investment in existing products and inventory.    If we cannot successfully deliver competitive products, our future
results of operations may be adversely affected.    Our industries are highly competitive and our failure to anticipate and respond to technological and
market developments could harm our ability to compete.    We operate in markets that are highly competitive and subject to rapid change
and that are significantly affected by new product introductions, substantial price erosion and lower prices as part of a strategy to gain or retain market share and customers. Should these practices continue, we may need to continually reduce our
prices for existing products to retain our market share, which could adversely affect our results of operations.    Our ability to offset
the effect of price erosion through new product introductions at higher average prices is diminished to the extent competitors introduce products into particular markets ahead of our similar, competing products. Our ability to offset the effect of
price erosion is also diminished during times when supply exceeds demand for a particular product.    Market share for our products can be
negatively affected by our customers’ diversifying their sources of supply as our competitors enter the market for particular products, as well as by our ability to ramp volume production of new product offerings. When our competitors
successfully introduce product offerings that are competitive with our recently introduced products, our customers may quickly diversify their sources of supply. Any significant decline in our market share in any of our principal market applications
would adversely affect our results of operations.  
      13  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our principal sources of competition include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 disk drive manufacturers, such as Western Digital Corporation and Toshiba;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 companies providing storage subsystems and components to OEMs;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 electronic manufacturing services (“EMS”) companies acquiring the necessary skills and intellectual property to enter the enterprise data storage marketplace; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 collaborations between  in-house  development teams of existing and potential customers and a combination of EMS, contract electronic manufacturing (“CEM”) or emerging
technology companies.    We also experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies
like flash memory, where increasing capacity, decreasing cost, energy efficiency and improvements in performance ruggedness have resulted in competition with our lower capacity, smaller form factor disk drives. This competition has traditionally
been in the markets for handheld consumer electronics applications and now it also includes SSDs for tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications. Certain customers for both notebook and enterprise compute applications are adopting SSDs as
alternatives to hard drives in certain applications. Further adoption of these alternative storage technologies may impact the competitiveness of our product portfolio and reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operation.  
 The markets for our data storage system products are also characterized by technological change driven in part by the adoption of new industry
standards. These standards provide mechanisms to ensure technology component interoperability can occur and may reduce our capability for differentiation or innovation and our affected products would revert to commodity status. This could lower the
barriers to entry to our market away from our specialist research and development skills and enable entry for the general-purpose design skills found in some large EMS and CEM companies. Commodity markets are driven by extremely low margins and very
aggressive competitive pricing. If our market becomes more commoditized and we fail to deliver innovative value-added alternatives to our customers, we will have difficulty competing against the larger EMS and CEM companies. If we are unable to
compete successfully against our current and future competitors, we could experience profit margin reductions or loss of market share, which could significantly harm our financial condition.  
 We may be unable to effectively plan and make strategic changes in our business which may materially adversely affect our financial and
business results. Additionally, we may not achieve the intended benefits of our strategic change efforts.    We may not be able to identify suitable
strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investment opportunities, to successfully acquire and integrate companies that provide complementary products or technologies or to realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions.  
 Our growth strategy involves pursuing strategic alliances with, making acquisitions of, forming joint ventures with or making investments in
other companies that are complementary to our business. There is substantial competition for attractive strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture and investment candidates. Additionally, the current trend of consolidation in the data storage
industry may materially adversely affect our business and financial results and our future growth prospects. Accordingly, we may not be able to identify suitable strategic alliances, acquisition, joint venture, or investment candidates. Even if we
can identify them, we cannot assure you that we will be able to partner with, acquire or invest in suitable candidates, or integrate acquired technologies or operations successfully into our existing technologies and operations. Moreover, our
ability to finance potential strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investments may be limited by our leverage level, the covenants contained in the instruments that govern our outstanding indebtedness, and any agreements governing any
other debt we may incur.    If we are successful in forming strategic alliances or acquiring, forming joint ventures or making investments
in other companies, any of these transactions may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly while the operations of an acquired business are being integrated. It is also likely that integration of acquired companies would
lead to the loss of key employees from those companies or the loss of customers of those companies. In addition, the integration of any acquired companies would require substantial attention from our senior management, which may limit the amount of
time available to be devoted to our  day-to-day  operations or to the execution of our strategy. Growth by strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture or investment
involves an even higher degree of risk to the extent we combine new product offerings and enter new markets in which we have limited experience, and no assurance can be given that acquisitions of entities with new or alternative business models will
be successfully integrated or achieve their stated objectives. There can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits of any strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture or investment that we make or, if we do, how long it will
take to achieve such benefits.    Furthermore, the expansion of our business involves the risk that we might not manage our growth
effectively, that we would incur additional debt to finance these acquisitions or investments, that we may have impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets associated with these acquisitions and that we would incur substantial charges
relating to the  write-off  of  in-process  research and development. Each of these items could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  
      14  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In addition, we could issue additional ordinary shares in connection with future strategic
alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investments. Issuing shares in connection with such transactions would have the effect of diluting your ownership percentage of the ordinary shares and could cause the price of our ordinary shares to
decline.    If we do not develop products in time to keep pace with technological changes, our results of operations will be adversely affected.  
 Our customers demand new generations of disk drive products as advances in computer hardware and software have created the need for improved
storage products, with features such as increased storage capacity, improved performance and reliability and lower cost. We, and our competitors, have developed improved products, and we will need to continue to do so in the future. Such product
development requires significant investments in research and development. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete the design or introduction of new products in a timely manner, that we will be able to manufacture new
products in sufficient volumes with acceptable manufacturing yields, that we will be able to successfully market these new products or that these products will perform to specifications on a long-term basis. In addition, the impact of slowing areal
density growth may adversely impact our ability to be successful.    When we develop new products with higher capacity and more advanced
technology, our results of operations may decline because the increased difficulty and complexity associated with producing these products increases the likelihood of reliability, quality or operability problems. If our products suffer increases in
failures, are of low quality or are not reliable, customers may reduce their purchases of our products and our manufacturing rework and scrap costs and service and warranty costs may increase. In addition, a decline in the reliability of our
products may make us less competitive as compared with other disk drive manufacturers or competing technologies.    We may fail to
successfully anticipate technological shifts, business opportunities and market demand. Additionally, the barriers to entry in developing NAND flash memory products and SSDs may materially adversely affect our future growth prospects. We may fail to
develop new products, identify business strategies and introduce competitive product offerings to meet those technological shifts which may materially adversely affect our ability to compete effectively and may impact our future financial results.
   Servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial
debt.    We are leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. Our significant debt and debt service requirements could
adversely affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities and reduce our options for capital allocation. For example, our high level of debt presents the following risks:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures,
product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our substantial leverage increases our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions and could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are
less leveraged;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry and could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money
for operations or capital in the future and implement our business strategies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances,
and other general corporate requirements; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 covenants in our debt instruments limit our ability to pay future dividends or make other restricted payments and investments.  
      15  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In the event that we need to refinance all or a portion of our outstanding debt as it
matures, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as the terms of our existing debt or refinance our existing debt at all. If prevailing interest rates or other factors existing at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon
refinancing, then the interest expense relating to the refinanced debt would increase. Furthermore, if any rating agency changes our credit rating or outlook, our debt and equity securities could be negatively affected, which could adversely affect
our ability to refinance existing debt or raise additional capital.    In addition, our business may not generate cash flow in an amount
sufficient to enable us to pay the principal of, or interest on, our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances
and other general corporate requirements.    Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we will continue to realize the cost savings, revenue growth and operating improvements that result from the execution of our long-term strategic plan; or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 future sources of funding will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs.  
 If we cannot fund our liquidity needs, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, product development
efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements. We cannot assure you that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that they would
permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In addition if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage, including the risk that we will be unable to service our debt or generate enough cash flow to fund
our liquidity needs, could intensify.    Changes in demand for computer systems and storage subsystems may in the future cause a decline in demand for
our products.    Our products are components in computers, data storage systems, and consumer electronics devices. The demand for these
products has been volatile. Unexpected slowdowns in demand for computer systems, storage subsystems or consumer electronics devices generally cause sharp declines in demand for our products. Declines in consumer spending could have a material
adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and results of operations.    While sales to Client  Non-Compute  and Cloud Systems and Solutions markets are becoming a more significant source of revenue, sales to the Client Compute market remain an important part of our business. The Client Compute market, however,
has been, and we expect it to continue to be, adversely affected by the growth of tablet computers, smart phones and similar devices and that perform many of the same capabilities as computers, the lengthening of product life cycles and
macroeconomic conditions. We believe that the deterioration of the Client Compute market has accelerated recently, and that this accelerated deterioration may continue or further accelerate, which could cause our operating results to suffer.
Additionally, if demand in the Client Compute market is worse than expected as a result of these or other conditions, demand for our products in the Client Compute market may decrease at a faster rate and our operating results may be adversely
affected.    The Enterprise Storage market has been adversely affected by the growth of the utilization of NAND flash in mission critical
applications. This deterioration of the Enterprise Storage market could cause our operating results to suffer. The potential migration of the Enterprise Storage market to NAND flash memory products and an acceleration of the pace of migration may
materially adversely affect our financial results.    Causes of declines in demand for our products in the past have included weakness in
macroeconomic environments, announcements or introductions of major new operating systems or semiconductor improvements or changes in consumer preferences, such as the shift to mobile devices. We believe these announcements and introductions have
from time to time caused consumers to defer their purchases and made inventory obsolete. Whenever an oversupply of our products causes participants in our industry to have higher than anticipated inventory levels, we experience even more intense
price competition from other manufacturers than usual which may materially adversely affect our financial results.  
      16  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Increases in the areal density of disk drives may outpace customers’ demand for storage capacity.
   The rate of increase in areal density, or storage capacity per square inch on a disk, may be greater than the increase in our
customers’ demand for aggregate storage capacity, particularly in certain market applications like client compute. As a result, our customers’ storage capacity needs may be satisfied with lower priced, low capacity disk drives. These
factors could decrease our sales, especially when combined with continued price erosion, which could adversely affect our results of operations.    We
may not be successful in our efforts to grow our cloud systems and silicon group.    We have made and are continuing to make investments
to develop our Cloud Systems and Silicon group. Our Cloud Systems and Silicon group is subject to the following risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the cloud systems and solutions market may develop more slowly than we expect;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may be unable to accurately estimate and predict data center capacity and requirements;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may not be able to offer compelling solutions to enterprises and consumers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our Cloud Systems and Silicon group generally has a long and unpredictable sales cycle, and growth in this business is likely to depend on relatively large customer orders, which may increase the variability of our
results of operations and the difficulty of matching revenues with expenses; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the current uncertainty surrounding net neutrality may cause the data center and cloud business to grow at a slower rate than expected.  
 Our results of operations and share price may be adversely affected if we are not successful in our efforts to grow our cloud computing
business as anticipated. In addition, our growth in this sector may bring us into closer competition with some of our customers or potential customers, which may decrease their willingness to do business with us.  
 Changes in the macroeconomic environment have negatively impacted, and may continue to, negatively impact our results of operations.  
 Due to the continuing uncertainty about current macroeconomic conditions affecting consumer and enterprise spending, we believe our customers
may postpone spending in response to volatility in credit and equity markets, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. Additionally,
enterprise spending continues to remain cautious in many regions around the world. Other factors that could influence demand include conditions in the labor market, healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic
factors affecting consumer spending behavior. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and on our financial condition and operating results.  
 Macroeconomic developments like the ongoing withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the debt crisis in certain countries in
the European Union and slowing economies in parts of Asia and South America could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. A general weakening of, and related
declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce their IT budgets or be unable to fund hardware systems, which could cause customers to
delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services.  
 Our quarterly results of operations fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period, and may cause our share price to decline.  
 Our quarterly revenue and results of operations may fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period. These fluctuations, which we
expect to continue, may be occasioned by a variety of factors, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 current uncertainty in global economic conditions may pose a risk to the overall economy;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 adverse changes in the level of economic activity in the major regions in which we do business;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 competitive pressures resulting in lower selling prices by our competitors targeted to encourage shifting of customer demand;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 delays or problems in our introduction of new, more cost-effective products, the inability to achieve high production yields or delays in customer qualification or initial product quality issues;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in purchasing patterns by our distributor customers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 application of new or revised industry standards;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 disruptions in our supply chain;  
      17  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased costs or adverse changes in availability of supplies of raw materials or components;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of corporate restructuring activities that we have and may continue to engage in;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in the demand for the computer systems and data storage products that contain our products due to seasonality, economic conditions and other factors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in purchases from period to period by our primary customers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 shifting trends in customer demand which, when combined with overproduction of particular products, particularly when the industry is served by multiple suppliers, results in unfavorable supply/demand imbalances;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our high proportion of fixed costs, including research and development expenses;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 any impairments in goodwill or other long-lived assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 announcements of new products, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 adverse changes in the performance of our products.    As a result, we believe that  quarter-to-quarter  and year-over-year comparisons of our revenue and results of operations may not be meaningful, and that these comparisons may not be an accurate indicator
of our future performance. Our results of operations in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of investment research analysts or investors, which could cause an immediate and significant decline in the trading price of our
ordinary shares.    Because we experience seasonality in the sales of our products, our results of operations will generally be adversely impacted during
the second half of our fiscal year.    Sales of computer systems, storage subsystems and consumer electronics tend to be seasonal, and
therefore we expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business as we respond to variations in our customers’ demand for our products. In particular, we anticipate that sales of our products will continue to be lower during the second
half of our fiscal year. In the client compute and client  non-compute  market applications of our disk drive business, this seasonality is partially attributable to the historical trend in our results derived
from our customers’ increased sales of desktop computers, notebook computers, and consumer electronics during the  back-to-school  and winter holiday season. In the
enterprise market our sales are seasonal because of the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles of our end users. Since our working capital needs peak during periods in which we are increasing production in anticipation of orders that have not yet
been received, our results of operations will fluctuate seasonally even if the forecasted demand for our products proves accurate. Furthermore, it is difficult for us to evaluate the degree to which this seasonality may affect our business in future
periods because of the rate and unpredictability of product transitions and new product introductions, particularly in the client  non-compute  market, as well as macroeconomic conditions.  
 We have a long and unpredictable sales cycle for enterprise data storage solutions.  
 Our enterprise data storage solutions are technically complex and we typically supply them in high quantities to a small number of customers.
Many of our products are also tailored to meet the specific requirements of individual customers, and are often integrated by our customers into the systems and products that they sell. Factors that affect the length of our sales cycle include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the time required for testing and evaluating our products before they are deployed;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the size of the deployment; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the degree of system configuration necessary to deploy our products.    As a result, our sales
cycle for enterprise data storage solutions is often in excess of one year, and the length of our sales cycle is frequently unpredictable. In addition, the emerging and evolving nature of the market for the products that we sell may lead prospective
customers to postpone their purchasing decisions. We invest resources and incur costs during this cycle that may not be recovered if we do not successfully conclude sales. These factors lead to difficulty in matching revenues with expenses, and to
increased expenditures which together may adversely impact our results of operations.  
      18  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed or canceled purchases by, one or more of
our major customers.    Some of our key customers account for a large portion of our disk drive revenue. While we have longstanding
relationships with many of our customers, if any of our key customers were to significantly reduce their purchases from us, our results of operations would be adversely affected. While sales to major customers may vary from period to period, a major
customer that permanently discontinues or significantly reduces its relationship with us could be difficult to replace. In line with industry practice, new customers usually require that we pass a lengthy and rigorous qualification process at the
customer’s cost. Accordingly, it may be difficult or costly for us to attract new major customers. Additionally, mergers, acquisitions, consolidations or other significant transactions involving our customers generally entail risks to our
business. If a significant transaction involving any of our key customers results in the loss of or reduction in purchases by these key customers, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects.    We are dependent on sales to distributors and retailers, which may increase price erosion and the volatility of our sales.  
 A substantial portion of our sales has been to distributors of disk drive products. Certain of our distributors may also market other products
that compete with our products. Product qualification programs in this distribution channel are limited, which increases the number of competing products that are available to satisfy demand, particularly in times of lengthening product cycles. As a
result, purchasing decisions in this channel are based largely on price, terms and product availability. Sales volumes through this channel are also less predictable and subject to greater volatility than sales to our OEM customers. In addition,
deterioration in business and economic conditions could exacerbate price erosion and volatility as distributors lower prices to compensate for lower demand and higher inventory levels. Our distributors’ ability to access credit for purposes of
funding their operations may also affect purchases of our products by these customers.    If distributors reduce their purchases of our
products or prices decline significantly in the distribution channel or if distributors experience financial difficulties or terminate their relationships with us, our revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected.  
 We believe that industry demand for storage products in the long-term is increasing due to the proliferation of media-rich digital content in
consumer applications and is fueling increased consumer demand for storage. This has led to the expansion of our branded solutions such as external storage products to provide additional storage capacity and to secure data in case of disaster or
system failure, or to provide independent storage solutions for multiple users in home or small business environments. Consumer spending on retail sales of our branded solutions has deteriorated in some markets and may continue to do so if poor
global economic conditions continue and higher levels of unemployment persist. This could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and results of operations.  
 In addition, such retail sales of our branded solutions traditionally experience seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand
in the first half of our fiscal year driven by consumer spending in the  back-to-school  season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from
fall to winter. Additionally, our ability to reach such consumers depends on us maintaining effective working relationships with major retailers and distributors. Failure to anticipate consumer demand for our branded solutions as well as an
inability to maintain effective working relationships with retail and online distributors may adversely impact our future results of operations.    Our
international sales and manufacturing operations subject us to risks related to disruptions in foreign markets, currency exchange fluctuations, longer payment cycles, seasonality, limitations imposed by a variety of legal and regulatory regimes,
potential adverse tax consequences, increased costs, our customers’ credit and access to capital, health-related risks, and access to personnel.  
 We have significant sales and manufacturing operations in foreign countries, including manufacturing facilities, sales personnel and customer
support operations. We have manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in addition to those in the United States. Additionally, the manufacturing of some of our products is concentrated in certain
geographical locations. The production of certain drive subassemblies are limited to Thailand and the production of media is limited to Singapore. Disruptions in the economic, environmental, political, legal or regulatory landscape in these
countries may have a material adverse impact on our manufacturing operations.  
      19  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our international operations are subject to economic risks inherent in doing business in
foreign countries, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Disruptions in Foreign Markets.  Disruptions in financial markets and the deterioration of the underlying economic conditions in the past in some countries, including those in Asia, United Kingdom and the European
Union have had an impact on our sales to customers located in, or whose  end-user  customers are located in, these countries.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Fluctuations in Currency Exchange Rates.  Prices for our products are denominated predominately in U.S. dollars, even when sold to customers that are located outside the United States. An increase in
the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside of the U.S. where we sell in dollars. This could adversely impact our sales and market share in such areas or increase pressure on us to
lower our price, and adversely impact our profit margins. A weakened dollar could increase the cost of expenses such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, as well as overseas capital expenditures. Any of these events could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may attempt to manage the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes by, among other things, entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts. However, these contracts may not
cover our full exposure and subject us to certain counterparty credit risks. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk-Foreign Currency Exchange Risk” of this report for additional information about our
foreign currency exchange risk.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Longer Payment Cycles.  Our customers outside of the United States are sometimes allowed longer time periods for payment than our U.S. customers. This increases the risk of nonpayment due to the possibility that
the financial condition of particular customers may worsen during the course of the payment period.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Seasonality.  Seasonal reductions in the business activities of our customers during the summer months, particularly in Europe, and the impact of international holidays like the Chinese New Year, typically result
in lower earnings during those periods.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Legal and Regulatory Limitations.  Our international operations are affected by limitations on imports, tariffs, duties, currency exchange control regulations, price controls, export control laws, antitrust
matters including the trade and economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and other restraints on trade. In addition, China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in which we have significant operating
assets, and the European Union have exercised and continue to exercise significant influence over many aspects of their domestic economies including, but not limited to, fair competition, tax practices, anti-corruption, antitrust, price controls and
international trade. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate these or other applicable laws, rules and regulations to
which we may be subject. Violations of these laws and regulations could lead to significant penalties, restraints on our export or import privileges, monetary fines, government investigations, disruption of our operating activities, criminal
proceedings and regulatory or other actions that could materially adversely affect our results of operations.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Potential Adverse Tax Consequences.  Our international operations create a risk of potential adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by our subsidiaries. In
addition, our taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm’s length basis. Due to inconsistencies in application of
the arm’s length standard among taxing authorities, as well as a lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense. We are subject to tax
audits around the world, and are under audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be
materially different from our recorded income tax provisions and accruals. The ultimate results of an audit could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made and
could result in increases to our overall tax expense in subsequent periods. In light of the ongoing fiscal challenges many countries are facing, various levels of government are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative action to
increase tax revenue. In addition, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations are reshaping international tax rules in numerous countries. These actual and potential changes in
the relevant tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals along with potential changes in accounting and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations could increase the risk of double taxation, cause
increased tax audit activity, and could impact our effective tax rate.  
      20  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
 Increased Costs.  The shipping and transportation costs associated with our international operations are typically higher than those associated with our U.S. operations, resulting in decreased operating margins in
some foreign countries.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Credit and Access to Capital Risks.  Our international customers could have reduced access to working capital due to higher interest rates, reduced bank lending resulting from contractions in the money supply or
the deterioration in the customer’s or its bank’s financial condition, or the inability to access other financing.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Global Health Outbreaks.  The occurrence of a pandemic disease may adversely impact our operations, and some of our key customers. Such diseases could also potentially disrupt the timeliness and reliability of the
distribution network we rely on.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Tariffs or Other Restrictions on Foreign Imports.  The U.S. government could impose tariffs or other restrictions on foreign imports. The implementation of a border tax, tariff or higher customs duties on our
products manufactured abroad or components that we import into the U.S., or any potential corresponding actions by other countries in which we do business, could negatively impact our financial performance.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Access to Personnel.  There is substantial competition for qualified and capable personnel in certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including China, which may make it difficult for us to recruit and retain
qualified employees in sufficient numbers. Increased difficulty in recruiting or retaining sufficient and adequate personnel in our international operations may lead to increased manufacturing and employment compensation costs, which could adversely
affect our results of operations.    We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability including
legal and regulatory consequences, reputational harm, and other serious negative consequences if we encounter cyber-attacks, ransomware or other data security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or
confidential information about us or our customers or other third-parties.    Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect
our computer equipment and the electronic data stored in our databases from damage by, among other things, earthquake, floods, fire, natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, employee
misconduct, physical or electronic  break-ins,  cyber-attacks, ransomware, system security breaches or similar events or disruptions. We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or
confidential data relating to our operations. In addition, our outsourcing services and cloud computing businesses routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data for our customers and vendors, including sensitive and personally
identifiable information. As our operations become more automated and increasingly interdependent, our exposure to the risks posed by these types of events will increase. We have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or
other malicious codes, cyber-attacks, or other computer-related attempts to breach the information technology (“IT”) systems we use for these purposes. We may also be subject to IT system failures and network disruptions due to these
factors. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Computer
programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. In addition, sophisticated hardware and
operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system.
   The costs to us to eliminate or address the foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident
could be significant. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or
cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, or other critical functions. We could lose existing or potential customers for outsourcing services or other IT solutions in
connection with any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers
or other third-parties, could expose us, our vendors and customers, or other third-parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise
harm our business. In addition, we rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers whose possible security problems and security vulnerabilities may have similar effects on us.  
      21  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the U.S., U.K., European Union and other
countries relating to the collection, use, and security of user data. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, and among us, our subsidiaries and
other parties with which we have commercial relations. Our ability to execute transactions and to possess and use personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require us to
notify vendors, customers or employees of a data security breach. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry
standards, or contractual obligations. These laws, protocols and standards continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing international requirements may cause us to incur
substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. If we fail to comply with applicable federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws we may be subject to proceedings by governmental entities and incur
penalties or significant legal liability.    From time to time, we may be subject to litigation, government investigations or governmental proceedings,
which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.    From time to time, the Company may be involved in
various legal, regulatory or administrative investigations, negotiations or proceedings arising in the normal course of business.    In the
event of litigation, government investigations or governmental proceedings, we are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties that may result if outcomes differ from our expectations. In the event of adverse outcomes in any litigation,
investigation or government proceeding, we could be required to pay substantial damages, fines or penalties, and cease certain practices or activities, which could materially harm our business.  
 The costs associated with litigation and government investigations can also be unpredictable depending on the complexity and length of time
devoted to such litigation or investigation. Litigation, investigations or government proceedings may also divert the efforts and attention of our key personnel, which could also harm our business.  
 If we do not control our fixed costs, we will not be able to compete effectively in our industry.  
 We continually seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient. We are focused on increasing workforce flexibility and
scalability, and improving overall competitiveness by leveraging our global capabilities, as well as external talent and skills, worldwide. Our strategy involves, to a substantial degree, increasing revenue and product volume while at the same time
controlling operating expenses. If we do not control our operating expenses, our ability to compete in the marketplace may be impaired. In the past, activities to reduce operating costs have included closures and transfers of facilities, significant
personnel reductions, restructuring efforts and efforts to increase automation. Our restructuring efforts may not yield the intended benefits and may be unsuccessful or disruptive to our business operations which may materially adversely affect our
financial results.    If we experience shortages or delays in the receipt of, or cost increases in, critical components, equipment or raw materials
necessary to manufacture our products, we may suffer lower operating margins, production delays and other material adverse effects.  
 The cost, quality and supply of components, subassemblies, certain equipment and raw materials used to manufacture our products and key
components like recording media and heads are critical to our success. The equipment we use to manufacture our products and components is frequently custom made and comes from a few suppliers and the lead times required to obtain manufacturing
equipment can be significant. Particularly important for our products include read/write heads, aluminum or glass substrates for recording media, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, and suspension assemblies.  
 We rely on sole suppliers or a limited number of suppliers for some or all of these components that we do not manufacture, including aluminum
and glass substrates, read/write heads, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, and suspension assemblies. Many of such component suppliers are geographically concentrated which makes our supply chain more vulnerable to regional disruptions
such as severe weather, acts of terrorism and unpredictable  geo-political  climate which may have a material impact on the production and availability of many components. If our vendors for these components are
unable to meet our cost, quality, and supply requirements, continue to remain financially viable or fulfill their contractual commitments and obligations, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would
materially adversely affect our results of operations and our financial results.    Certain rare earth elements are critical in the
manufacture of our products. We purchase components that contain rare earth elements from a number of countries, including the People’s Republic of China. We cannot predict whether any nation will impose regulations, quotas or embargoes upon
the rare earth elements incorporated into our products that would restrict the worldwide supply of such metals or increase their cost. We have experienced increased costs and production delays when we were unable to obtain the necessary equipment or
sufficient quantities of some components, and/or have been forced to pay higher prices or make volume purchase commitments or advance deposits for some components, equipment or raw materials that were in short supply in the industry in general. If
any major supplier were to restrict the supply available to us or increase the cost of the rare earth elements used in our products, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would adversely affect our
results of operations.  
      22  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Consolidation among component manufacturers has resulted and may continue to result in some
component manufacturers exiting the industry or not making sufficient investments in research to develop new components.    If there is a
shortage of, or delay in supplying us with, critical components, equipment or raw materials, then:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 it is likely that our suppliers would raise their prices and, if we could not pass these price increases to our customers, our operating margin would decline;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we might have to reengineer some products, which would likely cause production and shipment delays, make the reengineered products more costly and provide us with a lower rate of return on these products;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we would likely have to allocate the components we receive to certain of our products and ship less of others, which could reduce our revenues and could cause us to lose sales to customers who could purchase more of
their required products from manufacturers that either did not experience these shortages or delays or that made different allocations; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we might be late in shipping products, causing potential customers to make purchases from our competitors, thus causing our revenue and operating margin to decline.  
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain critical components in a timely and economic manner.  
 We often aim to lead the market in new technology deployments and leverage unique and customized technology from single source suppliers who
are early adopters in the emerging market. Our options in supplier selection in these cases are limited and the supplier based technology may consequently be single sourced until wider adoption of the technology occurs and any necessary licenses
become available. In such cases any technical issues in the supplier’s technology may cause us to delay shipments of our new technology deployments and therefore harm our financial position.  
 If revenues fall or customer demand decreases significantly, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments to certain suppliers.  
 From time to time, we enter into long-term,  non-cancelable  purchase commitments or make large  up-front  investments with certain suppliers in order to secure certain components or technologies for the production of our products or to supplement our internal manufacturing capacity for certain components. If
our actual revenues in the future are lower than our projections or if customer demand decreases significantly below our projections, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments with these suppliers. As a result, it is possible that our revenues
will not be sufficient to recoup our  up-front  investments, in which case we will have to shift output from our internal manufacturing facilities to these suppliers or make penalty-type payments under these
contracts.    Conflict minerals regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals
used in manufacturing our products.    In August 2012, the SEC adopted rules establishing additional disclosure and reporting
requirements regarding the use of specified minerals, or conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. These rules will require us to determine, disclose and
report whether or not such conflict minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country. These rules could affect our ability to source certain materials used in our products at competitive prices and could impact
the availability of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products, including gold, tantalum, tin and tungsten. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers of “conflict free” minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be
able to obtain necessary conflict free minerals in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Our customers, including our OEM customers, may require that our products be free of conflict minerals, and our revenues and margins may be harmed if
we are unable to procure conflict free minerals at a reasonable price, or at all, or are unable to pass through any increased costs associated with meeting these demands. Additionally, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other
stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement. We may also face challenges with government regulators and our customers and suppliers if
we are unable to sufficiently verify that the metals used in our products are conflict free. We expect that there may be material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of
certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs related to possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification and disclosure requirements. Additionally, the regulatory and compliance framework
for conflict minerals may undergo changes which may further increase the cost of compliance. Our stakeholders and customers may place increased demands on our compliance framework which may in turn negatively impact our relationships with our
suppliers.  
      23  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The loss of key executive officers and employees could negatively impact our business prospects.  
 Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key members of management as well as marketing, sales and
product development personnel. The loss of one or more of our key personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We believe our future success will also depend in large part upon our
ability to attract, retain and further motivate highly skilled management, marketing, sales and product development personnel. We have experienced intense competition for personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our key
employees or that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating and retaining personnel in the future.    Due to the complexity of our products, some
defects may only become detectable after deployment.    Our products are highly complex and are designed to operate in and form part of
larger complex networks and storage systems. Defects in our products, or in the networks and systems of which they form a part, directly or indirectly, have resulted in and may in the future result in:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased costs and product delays until complex solution level interoperability issues are resolved;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 costs associated with the remediation of any problems attributable to our products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 loss of or delays in revenues;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 loss of customers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 failure to achieve market acceptance and loss of market share;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased service and warranty costs; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased insurance costs.    Defects in our products could also result in legal actions by our
customers for property damage, injury or death. Product liability claims could exceed the level of insurance coverage that we have obtained to cover defects in our products. Any significant uninsured claims could significantly harm our financial
condition.    Political events, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues and other circumstances could materially adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition.    War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, natural disasters, public health issues,
and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on our business, our suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing
vendors and customers. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes, fires, power shortages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues, and other events
beyond our control. Such events could decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to make and deliver products to our customers, or to receive components from our suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in our
supply chain. In the event of a natural disaster, losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Should major public health
issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be negatively affected by stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production
ramps of new products, and disruptions in our operations and some of our key customers.  
      24  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition.    The sale and manufacturing of products in certain states and countries
may subject us and our suppliers to state, federal and international laws and regulations governing protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous
substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, restrictions on the presence of certain substances in electronic products and the responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling. We endeavor to ensure that we and our
suppliers comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations, however, compliance may increase our operating costs and otherwise impact future financial results. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the
future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations, initiatives, or standards of conduct, our customers may refuse to purchase our products and we could be
subject to fines, penalties and possible prohibition of sales of our products into one or more states or countries, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation, which could result in a material adverse effect on the financial condition
or results of operations.    Any cost reduction initiatives that we undertake may not deliver the results we expect, and these actions may adversely
affect our business.    From time to time, we engage in restructuring plans that may result in workforce reduction and consolidation of
our real estate facilities and our manufacturing footprint. In addition, management will continue to evaluate our global footprint and cost structure, and additional restructuring plans are expected to be formalized. As a result of our
restructuring, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and/or inefficiency during transitional periods. Any cost-cutting measures could impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be
sure that the cost reduction and global footprint consolidation will be successful in reducing our overall expenses as we expect or that additional costs will not offset any such reductions or global footprint consolidation. If our operating costs
are higher than we expect or if we do not maintain adequate control of our costs and expenses, our result of operations may suffer.    Our ability to use
our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards might be limited.    The use of a portion of our U.S. net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards is subject to annual limitations pursuant to U.S. tax law. Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount of net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards that might be
used to offset taxable income when a corporation has undergone significant changes in ownership. As a result, future changes in ownership could put further limitations on the availability of our net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards.  
 Deterioration in global credit and financial market conditions could negatively impact the value of our current portfolio of cash equivalents or short-term
investments and our ability to meet our financing objectives.    Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid
investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of readily marketable debt securities with remaining maturities of more than 90 days at the time of purchase.
Our investment policy has as its principal objectives the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. We mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and by monitoring the
counter-parties and underlying obligors closely.    While as of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any material downgrades,
losses, or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or short-term investments, no assurance can be given that future deterioration in conditions of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact
our current portfolio of cash equivalents or short-term investments or our ability to meet our financing objectives.    We are at times subject to
intellectual property legal proceedings and claims which could cause us to incur significant additional costs or prevent us from selling our products, and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
 We are subject from  time-to-time  to legal proceedings and
claims, including claims of alleged infringement of the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of third parties by us, or our customers, in connection with their use of our products. Intellectual property litigation can be
expensive and time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any claim, and could divert our management’s attention from operating our business. In addition, intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the
complexity of the technical issues involved, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Patent litigation has increased due to the current uncertainty of the law and the increasing competition and overlap of product
functionality in the field. Some of the actions that we face from  time-to-time  seek injunctions against the sale of our products and/or substantial monetary damages,
which if granted or awarded, could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
      25  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other
intellectual property rights of others. We may not be aware of currently filed patent applications that relate to our products or technology. If patents are later issued on these applications, we may be liable for infringement. If our products were
found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing products in one or more geographic locations, expend significant resources to develop  non-infringing  technology, discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain licenses to the technology infringed. We might not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able
to reengineer our products successfully to avoid infringement. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our products, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies” contained in this report for a description of pending intellectual property proceedings.  
 We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
   We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements
to protect our IP rights. In the past, we have been involved in significant and expensive disputes regarding our IP rights and those of others, including claims that we may be infringing patents, trademarks and other IP rights of third-parties. We
expect that we will be involved in similar disputes in the future.    There can be no assurance that:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 any of our existing patents will continue to be held valid, if challenged;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have sufficient scope or strength to protect us;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our products are sold in order to protect our rights and potential commercial advantage;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we will be able to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through confidentiality agreements with our customers, suppliers and employees and through other security measures; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 others will not gain access to our trade secrets.    In addition, our competitors may be able to
design their products around our patents and other proprietary rights. Enforcement of our rights often requires litigation. If we bring a patent infringement action and are not successful, our competitors would be able to use similar technology to
compete with us. Moreover, the defendant in such an action may successfully countersue us for infringement of their patents or assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable.  
 Furthermore, we have significant operations and sales in foreign countries where intellectual property laws and enforcement policies are often
less developed, less stringent or more difficult to enforce than in the United States.    The price of our ordinary shares may be volatile and could
decline significantly.    The stock market, in general, and the market for technology stocks in particular, has recently experienced
volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of companies. If these market or industry-based fluctuations continue, the trading price of our ordinary shares could decline significantly independent of our actual operating
performance, and you could lose all or a substantial part of your investment. The market price of our ordinary shares could fluctuate significantly in response to several factors, including among others:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 general uncertainty in stock market conditions occasioned by global economic conditions, negative financial news and the continued instability of several large financial institutions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 announcements of innovations, new products or significant price reductions by us or our competitors, including those competitors who offer alternative storage technology solutions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our failure to meet the performance estimates of investment research analysts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the timing of announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts or acquisitions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 general stock market conditions;  
      26  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
 the occurrence of major catastrophic events;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in financial estimates by investment research analysts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in the credit ratings of our indebtedness by rating agencies; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the sale of our ordinary shares held by certain equity investors or members of management.    Any decision to
reduce or discontinue the payment of cash dividends to our shareholders or the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our previously announced share repurchase program could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline
significantly.    Although we have announced targeted regular cash dividend amounts and a share repurchase program, we are under no
obligation to pay cash dividends to our shareholders in the future at the announced targeted levels or at all or to repurchase our ordinary shares at any particular price or at all. The declaration and payment of any future dividends is at the
discretion of our Board of Directors and our previously announced share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Our payment of quarterly cash dividends and the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our share
repurchase program are subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital and regulatory requirements, market and economic conditions, our ordinary share price, and other factors.
Any reduction or discontinuance by us of the payment of quarterly cash dividends or the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our share repurchase program could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly.
Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly cash dividends or repurchases of our ordinary shares are reduced or discontinued, our failure to resume such activities at historical levels could result in a persistent lower market valuation of our
ordinary shares.    Significant fluctuations in the market price of our ordinary shares could result in securities class action claims against us.
   Significant price and value fluctuations have occurred with respect to the publicly traded securities of technology companies. The
price of our ordinary shares is likely to be volatile in the future. In the past, following periods of decline in the market price of a company’s securities, class action lawsuits have often been pursued against that company. If similar
litigation were pursued against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    None.  
      27  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES    Our company headquarters are located in Ireland, while our U.S. executive
offices are located in Cupertino, California. Our principal manufacturing facilities are located in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and the United States. Our principal product development facilities are located in California,
Colorado, Minnesota and Singapore. Our leased facilities are occupied under leases that expire at various times through 2082.    Our main
material manufacturing, product development and marketing and administrative facilities at June 30, 2017 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
                          
 
 
                          
 
 
                          
 
   Location 
    
   Building(s) 
 Owned or Leased 
    
 Approximate Square Footage 
   
    
   Primary Use 


 
   United States 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   California 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 642,000 
   
    
 Product development and marketing and administrative 
 
   Colorado 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 664,000 
   
    
 Product development 
 
   Minnesota 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 1,104,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of recording heads and product development 
 
   Europe 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Northern Ireland 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Springtown 
    
 Owned 
    
   
 479,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of recording heads 
 
   Asia 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   China 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Wuxi 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 704,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of drives and drive subassemblies 
 
   Malaysia 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Johor 
    
 Owned  (1) 
    
   
 631,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of substrates 
 
   Singapore 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Woodlands 
    
 Owned/Leased  (1) 
    
   
 1,504,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of media 
 
   Shugart 
    
 Owned  (1) 
    
   
 410,000 
   
    
 Product development 
 
   Thailand 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Korat 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 2,725,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of drives and drive subassemblies 
 
   Teparuk 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 421,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of drive subassemblies 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Land leases for these facilities expire at varying dates through 2067.    As of June 30,
2017, we owned or leased a total of approximately 12.4 million square feet of space worldwide. We occupied approximately 6.9 million square feet for the purpose of manufacturing, 2.0 million square feet for product development,
1.1 million square feet for marketing and administrative purposes. Included in the 12.4 million square feet of owned or leased space is a total of 2.4 million square feet that is currently unoccupied. Substantially all of this
unoccupied space relates to owned facilities that are being actively marketed for disposition and have been classified as held for sale assets included in Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2017. We believe
that our existing properties are in good operating condition and are suitable for the operations for which they are used.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data—Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies.”      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    Not applicable.  
      28  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART II      
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
 Market Information    Our shares trade on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “STX.” The high and low sales prices of our shares, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market, are set forth below for the periods indicated.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Price Range 
   
 
   Fiscal Quarter 
      
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   Quarter ended October 2, 2015 
      
 $ 
 52.88 
   
    
 $ 
 41.59 
   
 
   Quarter ended January 1, 2016 
      
 $ 
 49.50 
   
    
 $ 
 32.38 
   
 
   Quarter ended April 1, 2016 
      
 $ 
 37.45 
   
    
 $ 
 26.25 
   
 
   Quarter ended July 1, 2016 
      
 $ 
 35.79 
   
    
 $ 
 18.42 
   
 
   Quarter ended September 30, 2016 
      
 $ 
 39.04 
   
    
 $ 
 22.09 
   
 
   Quarter ended December 30, 2016 
      
 $ 
 41.45 
   
    
 $ 
 32.45 
   
 
   Quarter ended March 31, 2017 
      
 $ 
 49.79 
   
    
 $ 
 35.54 
   
 
   Quarter ended June 30, 2017 
      
 $ 
 50.96 
   
    
 $ 
 38.28 
   
   As of July 31, 2017 there were approximately 600 holders of record of our ordinary shares. We did not
sell any of our equity securities during fiscal year 2017 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.    Performance Graph
   The performance graph below shows the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares for the period from June 29,
2012 to June 30, 2017. This is compared with the cumulative total return of the Dow Jones US Computer Hardware Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (“S&P 500”) over the same period. The graph assumes that
on June 29, 2012, $100 was invested in our ordinary shares and $100 was invested in each of the other two indices, with dividends reinvested on the date of payment without payment of any commissions. Dollar amounts in the graph are rounded to
the nearest whole dollar. The performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future performance.  
 COMPARISON OF 60 MONTH  
 CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*  
 Among Seagate Technology plc, The S&P 500 Index  
 And The Down Jones US Computer Hardware Index    


 
  
      29  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 6/29/2012 
   
    
 6/28/2013 
   
    
 6/27/2014 
   
    
 7/3/2015 
   
    
 7/1/2016 
   
    
 6/30/2017 
   


 
   Seagate Technology plc 
      
 $ 
 100.00 
   
    
 $ 
 186.97 
   
    
 $ 
 242.71 
   
    
 $ 
 215.71 
   
    
 $ 
 128.28 
   
    
 $ 
 198.37 
   
 
   S&P 500 
      
   
 100.00 
   
    
   
 120.36 
   
    
   
 129.42 
   
    
   
 149.14 
   
    
   
 160.76 
   
    
   
 192.94 
   
 
   Dow Jones US Computer Hardware 
      
   
 100.00 
   
    
   
 79.30 
   
    
   
 121.57 
   
    
   
 150.96 
   
    
   
 124.19 
   
    
   
 183.03 
   
     
 
 
 * 
 $100 invested on 6/29/2012 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends.  
 Copyright  ©  2017 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved.  
 Dividends    Our ability to pay dividends
in the future will be subject to, among other things, general business conditions within the disk drive industry, our financial results, the impact of paying dividends on our credit ratings and legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of
dividends by our subsidiaries to us or by us to our ordinary shareholders, including restrictions imposed by covenants on our debt instruments.  
 The following were dividends declared in the last two fiscal years:      

 


 
 
 
                          
 
 
                          
 
 
   Record Date 
    
   Paid Date 
    
 Dividend per Share 
   


 
 August 11, 2015 
    
 August 25, 2015 
    
 $ 
 0.54 
   
 
 November 6, 2015 
    
 November 20, 2015 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
 February 9, 2016 
    
 February 23, 2016 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
 May 10, 2016 
    
 May 24, 2016 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
 September 21, 2016 
    
 October 5, 2016 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
 December 21, 2016 
    
 January 4, 2017 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
 March 22, 2017 
    
 April 5, 2017 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
 June 21, 2017 
    
 July 5, 2017 
    
 $ 
 0.63 
   
 
      30  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In addition, on July 25, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a
quarterly cash dividend of $0.63 per share, which will be payable on October 4, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 20, 2017.  
 From the closing of our initial public offering in December 2002 through fiscal year 2017, we have paid dividends, pursuant to our dividend
policy then in effect, totaling approximately $4.9 billion in the aggregate.    Repurchases of Our Equity Securities  
 On April 22, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the company to repurchase an additional $2.5 billion of its outstanding ordinary
shares. As of June 30, 2017, $1.3 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase authorization limits. All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association.
There is no expiration date on these authorizations.    The following table sets forth information with respect to all repurchases of our
shares made during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, including statutory tax withholdings related to vesting of employee equity awards:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   Period 
 (In millions, except average price paid per share) 
      
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans
or Programs 
   
    
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
   
    
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans
or Programs 
   


 
   1st Quarter through 3rd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 
      
   
 8 
   
    
 $ 
 34.80 
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
 $ 
 273 
   
    
 $ 
 1,484 
   
 
   April 1, 2017 through April 28, 2017 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 41.89 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 20 
   
    
   
 1,464 
   
 
   April 29, 2017 through May 26, 2017 
      
   
 5 
   
    
   
 42.67 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 193 
   
    
   
 1,271 
   
 
   May 27, 2017 through June 30, 2017 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 42.62 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1,270 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Through 4th Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 
      
   
 13 
   
    
   
 37.84 
   
    
   
 13 
   
    
 $ 
 487 
   
    
   
 1,270 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    The following selected consolidated financial data set forth
below is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations, and should be read in conjunction with “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes thereto included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K,  which are incorporated herein by
reference, to fully understand factors that may affect the comparability of the information presented below.    The Consolidated Statements
of Operations data for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2017, July 1, 2016 and July 3, 2015, and the Consolidated Balance Sheets data as of June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016, are derived from our audited Consolidated Financial
Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.  The Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the fiscal years ended June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, and the Consolidated
Balance Sheets data at July 3, 2015, June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, are derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements that are not included in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.   
      31  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
    
 June 27, 2014 
   
    
 June 28, 2013 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 13,739 
   
    
 $ 
 13,724 
   
    
 $ 
 14,351 
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 3,174 
   
    
   
 2,615 
   
    
   
 3,809 
   
    
   
 3,846 
   
    
   
 3,940 
   
 
   Income from operations 
      
   
 1,054 
   
    
   
 445 
   
    
   
 2,058 
   
    
   
 1,776 
   
    
   
 2,091 
   
 
   Net income 
      
   
 772 
   
    
   
 248 
   
    
   
 1,742 
   
    
   
 1,570 
   
    
   
 1,838 
   
 
   Total assets  (a) 
      
   
 9,268 
   
    
   
 8,213 
   
    
   
 9,801 
   
    
   
 9,445 
   
    
   
 9,204 
   
 
   Total debt  (a) 
      
   
 5,021 
   
    
   
 4,091 
   
    
   
 4,111 
   
    
   
 3,873 
   
    
   
 2,738 
   
 
   Equity 
      
 $ 
 1,364 
   
    
 $ 
 1,593 
   
    
 $ 
 3,018 
   
    
 $ 
 2,832 
   
    
 $ 
 3,506 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
 $ 
 2.61 
   
    
 $ 
 0.83 
   
    
 $ 
 5.38 
   
    
 $ 
 4.66 
   
    
 $ 
 4.97 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 2.58 
   
    
   
 0.82 
   
    
   
 5.26 
   
    
   
 4.52 
   
    
   
 4.81 
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
   
 296 
   
    
   
 299 
   
    
   
 324 
   
    
   
 337 
   
    
   
 370 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 299 
   
    
   
 302 
   
    
   
 331 
   
    
   
 347 
   
    
   
 382 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared per ordinary share 
      
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.43 
   
    
 $ 
 2.05 
   
    
 $ 
 1.67 
   
    
 $ 
 1.40 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 in the September 2016 quarter on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance resulted in a reduction to Other assets, net and Long-term debt previously disclosed as of the fiscal
years ended 2013 through 2016 by $39 million, $47 million, $44 million and $39 million, respectively within the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 Supplementary Financial Data (Unaudited)  
 Quarterly Data    The
Company operated and reported financial results based on a 13-week quarters in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, which ended on the Friday closest to September 30, December 31, March 31 and June 30.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Year 2017 Quarters Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share data) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 March 31, 2017 
   
    
 December 30, 2016 
   
    
 September 30, 2016 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 2,406 
   
    
 $ 
 2,674 
   
    
 $ 
 2,894 
   
    
 $ 
 2,797 
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 666 
   
    
   
 816 
   
    
   
 891 
   
    
   
 801 
   
 
   Income from operations 
      
   
 196 
   
    
   
 266 
   
    
   
 370 
   
    
   
 221 
   
 
   Net income 
      
   
 114 
   
    
   
 194 
   
    
   
 297 
   
    
   
 167 
   
 
   Net income per share: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
 $ 
 0.39 
   
    
 $ 
 0.66 
   
    
 $ 
 1.00 
   
    
 $ 
 0.56 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 0.38 
   
    
   
 0.65 
   
    
   
 1.00 
   
    
   
 0.55 
   
 
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Year 2016 Quarters Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share data) 
      
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 April 1, 2016 
   
    
 January 1, 2016 
   
    
 October 2, 2015 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 2,654 
   
    
 $ 
 2,595 
   
    
 $ 
 2,986 
   
    
 $ 
 2,925 
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 662 
   
    
   
 524 
   
    
   
 741 
   
    
   
 689 
   
 
   Income from operations 
      
   
 103 
   
    
   
 27 
   
    
   
 229 
   
    
   
 86 
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
      
   
 70 
   
    
   
 (21 
 )  
    
   
 165 
   
    
   
 34 
   
 
   Net income (loss) per share: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
 $ 
 0.23 
   
    
 $ 
 (0.07 
 )  
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 0.11 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 0.23 
   
    
   
 (0.07 
 )  
    
   
 0.55 
   
    
   
 0.11 
   
 
      33  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following is a discussion of the Company’s financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2017, July 1, 2016 and July 3, 2015.    You should read this discussion in conjunction
with “Item 6. Selected Financial Data” and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form  10-K.  Except as noted, references
to any fiscal year mean the twelve-month period ending on the Friday closest to June 30 of that year. Accordingly, fiscal year 2017 comprised 52 weeks and ended on June 30, 2017. Fiscal year 2016 comprised 52 weeks and ended on
July 1, 2016. Fiscal year 2015 comprised 53 weeks and ended on July 3, 2015. Fiscal year 2018 will be 52 weeks and will end on June 29, 2018.  
 Some of the statements and assumptions included in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and
prospects, demand for our products, shifts in technology, estimates of industry growth, our ability to effectively manage our debt obligations, our restructuring efforts and the projected costs savings for the fiscal quarter ending
September 29, 2017 and the fiscal year ending June 29, 2018 and beyond. These statements identify prospective information and may include words such as “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “may,” “will,” or negative of these words, variations of these words and comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based
on information available to the Company as of the date of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  and are based on management’s current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are conditioned
upon and also involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks,
uncertainties and other factors may be beyond our control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: uncertainty in global economic conditions, the impact of the
variable demand and adverse pricing environment for disk drives, any regulatory, legal, logistical or other impediments to our ability to execute on our restructuring efforts, our ability to achieve projected cost savings in connection with
restructuring plans and consolidation of our manufacturing activities; our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell our disk drive products in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality, particularly the
new disk drive products with lower cost structures; the impact of competitive product announcements; possible excess industry supply with respect to particular disk drive products; disruptions to our supply chain or production capabilities; the
development and introduction of products based on new technologies and expansion into new data storage markets; the impact of competitive product announcements and unexpected advances in competing technologies or changes in market trends;
consolidation trends in the data storage industry; currency fluctuations that may impact the Company’s margins and international sales; cyber-attacks or other data breaches that disrupt its operations or results in the dissemination of
proprietary or confidential information and cause reputational harm; our ability to comply with certain covenants in our credit facilities with respect to financial ratios and financial condition tests; the risk of
 non-compliance  with the legal, regulatory, administrative and environmental climate in the international markets where we operate; and fluctuations in interest rates. Information concerning risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements is also set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K,  which we encourage you to carefully read. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date and we undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made.    Our Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial
condition, and cash flows. MD&A is organized as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our Company.  Discussion of our business.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Business Overview.  Discussion of industry trends and their impact on our business.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Fiscal Year 2017 Summary.  Overview of financial and other highlights affecting us for fiscal year 2017.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Results of Operations.  Analysis of our financial results comparing fiscal years 2017 to 2016 and comparing fiscal years 2016 to 2015.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Liquidity and Capital Resources.  An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition including the credit quality of our investment portfolio and potential
sources of liquidity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Contractual Obligations and  Off-Balance  Sheet Arrangements.  Overview of contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding as of June 30,
2017 and an explanation of  off-balance  sheet arrangements.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Critical Accounting Estimates.  Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results.  
      34  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our Company  
 We are a leading provider of data storage technology and solutions. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk
drives, hard drives or HDDs. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of data storage products including solid state drives (“SSD”) and their related controllers, solid state hybrid drives (“SSHD”) and storage subsystems.
   Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to
be the primary medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. Complementing existing data center storage architecture, solid-state storage devices use integrated circuit assemblies as memory to
store data, and most SSDs use NAND-based flash memory. In addition to HDDs and SSDs, SSHDs combine the features of SSDs and HDDs in the same unit, containing a large hard disk drive and an SSD cache to improve performance of frequently accessed
data.    Our products are designed for mission critical and nearline applications in enterprise servers and storage systems; client compute
applications, where our products are designed primarily for desktop and mobile computing; and client  non-compute  applications, where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as
portable external storage systems, surveillance systems, network-attached storage (“NAS”), digital video recorders (“DVRs”) and gaming consoles.  
 Our cloud systems and solutions extend innovation from the device into the information infrastructure, onsite and in the cloud. Our portfolio
includes modular original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) storage systems and  scale-out  storage servers.  
 Business Overview    Our industry is
characterized by several trends and factors that have a material impact on our strategic planning, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Demand for Data Storage  
 The continued advancement of the cloud, the proliferation of a variety of mobile devices globally, development of the Internet of Things
(“IoT”), increasingly pervasive use of video surveillance, evolution of consumer electronic devices, and enterprise use of big data analytics are driving the growth of digital content. Factors contributing to the growth of digital content
include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Creation, sharing, and consumption of media-rich digital content, such as high-resolution photos, high definition video, and digital music through smart phones, tablets, digital cameras, personal video cameras, DVRs,
gaming consoles or other digital devices;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Creation, aggregation and distribution of digital content through services and other offerings such as Facebook ® , Instagram ® , iTunes ® , Netflix ® ,
Google ®  and YouTube ® ;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 New surveillance systems which feature higher resolution digital cameras and thus require larger data storage capacities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Creation and collection of data through the evolution of the IoT ecosystem, big data analytics and new technology trends such as self-driving cars and drones;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Build out of large numbers of cloud data centers by cloud service providers and private companies transitioning  on-site  data centers into the cloud; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Protection of increased digital content through redundant storage on backup devices and externally provided storage services.  
 As a result of these factors, the nature and volume of content being created requires greater storage, which is more efficiently and
economically facilitated by higher capacity storage devices in order to store, manage, distribute, analyze and backup such content. We expect this to support the growth in demand for data storage solutions in developed and emerging economies well
into the future.    The amount of data created as well as where and how data is stored continues to evolve with the proliferation of mobile
devices, the growth of cloud computing, and the evolving IoT. In addition, the economics of storage infrastructure are also evolving with the utilization of public and private hyper-scale storage and open-source solutions reducing the total cost of
ownership of storage while increasing the speed and efficiency with which customers can leverage massive computing and storage devices. Accordingly, we expect these trends will continue to create significant demand for data storage solutions going
forward.    Demand Trends for Disk Drives  
 We believe that continued growth in digital content requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host,
distribute, analyze, manage, backup and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the manner in which hard drives are delivered to market and utilized
by our customers will evolve as well.  
      35  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We believe that in the foreseeable future the traditional enterprise and client compute
markets that require high-capacity storage solutions, and the data intensive client  non-compute  markets will continue to be best served by hard disk drives due to the industry’s ability to deliver the
most cost effective, reliable and energy efficient mass storage devices although the advance of solid state technology in the above markets is expected to increase as well. Furthermore, the increased use of client
 non-compute  devices that both consume media-rich digital content streamed from the cloud and create rich digital content that is stored in the cloud, increases the demand for high capacity hard disk drives in
enterprise nearline applications.    We also believe that as hard disk drive capacities continue to increase, unit demand does not reflect
the increase in exabytes demand. In recent years, this trend has resulted in demand for fewer units, but with higher average capacity per drive.  
 Industry Supply Balance  
 From time to time the HDD industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the disk drive industry
builds or maintains capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is generally muted.  
 Price Erosion  
 Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for disk drive products with comparable capacity, performance and feature
sets  (“like-for-like  products”). Price declines for  like-for-like  products
(“price erosion”) tend to be more pronounced during periods of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 economic contraction in which competitors may use discounted pricing to attempt to maintain or gain market share;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 few new product introductions when competitors have comparable or alternative product offerings; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 industry supply exceeding demand.    Disk drive manufacturers typically attempt to offset price
erosion with an improved mix of disk drive products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature sets and product cost reductions.  
 We believe the HDD industry experienced modest price erosion in fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017.  
 Product Life Cycles and Changing Technology  
 Success in our industry has been dependent to a large extent on the ability to balance the introduction and transition of new products with  time-to-volume,  performance, capacity and quality metrics at a competitive price, level of service and support that our customers expect. Generally, the drive manufacturer
that introduces a new product first benefits from improved product mix, favorable profit margins and less pricing pressure until comparable products are introduced. Changing technology also necessitates
 on-going  investments in research and development, which may be difficult to recover due to rapid product life cycles and economic declines. Further, there is a continued need to successfully execute product
transitions and new product introductions, as factors such as quality, reliability and manufacturing yields continue to be of significant competitive importance.  
 Seasonality    The disk
drive industry traditionally experiences seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the  back-to-school  season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. We believe fiscal year 2015 reflected seasonality consistent with historical patterns. In fiscal
year 2016, beyond traditional seasonality, variability of sales was a reflection of more cyclical demand from CSPs based on the timing of large systems installations and the shift of the underlying technology. We believe fiscal year 2017 reflected
seasonality consistent with historical patterns.    Fiscal Year 2017 Summary  
 During the fiscal year 2017, we shipped 263 exabytes, generating revenue of $10.8 billion and gross margins of 29%. Our operating cash
flow was $1.9 billion. We repurchased approximately 12 million of our ordinary shares during the year for approximately $460 million. We issued $750 million of 4.25% Senior Notes due 2022 and $500 million of 4.875% Senior
Notes due 2024 and paid $316 million for the redemption and repurchase of our outstanding debt, as well as paid $561 million in dividends in fiscal year 2017.  
      36  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Results of Operations  
 We list in the tables below summarized information from our Consolidated Statements of Operations by dollars and as a percentage of revenue:
     
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 13,739 
   
 
   Cost of revenue 
      
   
 7,597 
   
    
   
 8,545 
   
    
   
 9,930 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 3,174 
   
    
   
 2,615 
   
    
   
 3,809 
   
 
   Product development 
      
   
 1,232 
   
    
   
 1,237 
   
    
   
 1,353 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
      
   
 606 
   
    
   
 635 
   
    
   
 857 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
      
   
 104 
   
    
   
 123 
   
    
   
 129 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
      
   
 178 
   
    
   
 175 
   
    
   
 32 
   
 
   Gain on arbitration award, net 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (620 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
      
   
 1,054 
   
    
   
 445 
   
    
   
 2,058 
   
 
   Other expense, net 
      
   
 (239 
 )  
    
   
 (171 
 )  
    
   
 (88 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
      
   
 815 
   
    
   
 274 
   
    
   
 1,970 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
      
   
 43 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 228 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
      
 $ 
 772 
   
    
 $ 
 248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,742 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
       
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 

 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
 
   Revenue 
      
   
 100% 
   
    
   
 100% 
   
    
   
 100% 
   
 
   Cost of revenue 
      
   
 71    
   
    
   
 77    
   
    
   
 72    
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 29    
   
    
   
 23    
   
    
   
 28    
   
 
   Product development 
      
   
 11    
   
    
   
 11    
   
    
   
 10    
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
      
   
 5    
   
    
   
 6    
   
    
   
 7    
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
      
   
 1    
   
    
   
 1    
   
    
   
 1    
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
      
   
 2    
   
    
   
 2    
   
    
   
 —      
   
 
   Gain on arbitration award, net 
      
   
 —      
   
    
   
 —      
   
    
   
 (5)   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
      
   
 10    
   
    
   
 4    
   
    
   
 15    
   
 
   Other expense, net 
      
   
 (2)   
   
    
   
 (2)   
   
    
   
 (1)   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
      
   
 8    
   
    
   
 2    
   
    
   
 14    
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
      
   
 1    
   
    
   
 —      
   
    
   
 2    
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
      
   
 7% 
   
    
   
 2% 
   
    
   
 12% 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      37  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table summarizes HDD information regarding average drive selling prices
(“ASPs”), exabytes shipped, and revenues by channel and geography:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
 July 1, 2016 
   
   
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   ASPs (per unit) 
      
 $ 
 66 
   
   
 $ 
 61 
   
   
 $ 
 61 
   
 
   Exabytes Shipped 
      
   
 263 
   
   
   
 233 
   
   
   
 228 
   
 
   Revenues by Channel (%) 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   OEMs 
      
   
 67 
 %  
   
   
 69 
 %  
   
   
 71% 
   
 
   Distributors 
      
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 18% 
   
 
   Retailers 
      
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 11% 
   
 
   Revenues by Geography (%) 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
      
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 27% 
   
 
   EMEA 
      
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 16% 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
      
   
 52 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 57% 
   
   Fiscal Year 2017 Compared to Fiscal Year 2016  
 Revenue      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 (389 
 )  
    
   
 (3)% 
   
   Revenue in fiscal year 2017 decreased approximately 3% or $0.4 billion, from fiscal year 2016, as a
result of price erosion partially offset by an increase in exabytes shipped.    Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
 July 1, 2016 
   
   
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Cost of revenue 
      
 $ 
 7,597 
   
   
 $ 
 8,545 
   
   
 $ 
 (948 
 )  
    
   
 (11)% 
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
 $ 
 3,174 
   
   
 $ 
 2,615 
   
   
 $ 
 559 
   
    
   
 21% 
   
 
   Gross margin percentage 
      
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   For fiscal year 2017, gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased by 600 basis points compared to the
prior fiscal year due to a favorable product mix and improved factory utilization resulting from cost savings due to our ongoing workforce reductions and manufacturing consolidation activities, partially offset by price erosion.  
 Operating Expenses      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Product development 
      
 $ 
 1,232 
   
    
 $ 
 1,237 
   
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 —  % 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
      
   
 606 
   
    
   
 635 
   
    
   
 (29 
 )  
    
   
 (5)% 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
      
   
 104 
   
    
   
 123 
   
    
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 (15)% 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
      
   
 178 
   
    
   
 175 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 2% 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating expenses 
      
 $ 
 2,120 
   
    
 $ 
 2,170 
   
    
 $ 
 (50 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
      38  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Product Development Expense.  Product development expenses for fiscal year
2017 decreased from fiscal year 2016 primarily due to a $102 million decrease in salaries and related benefits as a result of an increase in operational efficiencies in our business and the restructuring of our workforce in the prior periods,
offset by a $71 million increase in variable compensation and share-based compensation driven by better financial performance and a $26 million increase in impairment charges related to the closure of our Korea design center.  
 Marketing and Administrative Expense.  Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2017 decreased from fiscal year
2016 primarily due to a decrease in salaries and related benefits of $52 million as a result of the restructuring of our workforce in prior periods, a $28 million cost reduction resulting from an increase in operational efficiencies in our
business and the completion of certain promotional and branding activities in fiscal year 2016, partially offset by a $51 million increase in variable compensation and share-based compensation driven by better financial performance.  
 Amortization of Intangibles.  Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2017 decreased by $19 million, as compared to
fiscal year 2016, due to certain intangible assets reaching the end of their useful life.    Restructuring and Other,
net.  Restructuring and other, net for fiscal year 2017 was comprised primarily of restructuring charges recorded during the September 2016 quarter and March 2017 quarter to reduce our workforce by approximately 6,800 employees, as we
continue to consolidate our global footprint across Asia, EMEA and the Americas.    Restructuring and other, net for fiscal year 2016
comprised of restructuring charges recorded during the September 2015 quarter, March 2016 quarter and June 2016 quarter, to reduce our workforce by approximately 4,600 employees and align our manufacturing footprint with current macroeconomic
conditions.    Other expense, net      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Other expense, net 
      
 $ 
 (239 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (171 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (68 
 )  
    
   
 40% 
   
   Other expense, net for fiscal year 2017 increased by $68 million, as compared to fiscal year 2016
primarily due to the $33 million of other income associated with the final payment of unpaid interest on the arbitration award amount in the Company’s case against Western Digital in fiscal year 2016 which did not recur in fiscal year
2017, a $12 million increase from impairment of certain strategic investments and $24 million interest expense on the issuance of $750 million of 4.25% Senior Notes due 2022 and $500 million of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2024.  
 Income Taxes      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Provision for income taxes 
      
 $ 
 43 
   
    
 $ 
 26 
   
    
 $ 
 17 
   
    
   
 65% 
   
   We recorded an income tax provision of $43 million for fiscal year 2017 compared to an income tax
provision of $26 million for fiscal year 2016. Our fiscal year 2017 income tax provision included approximately $2 million of net tax expense associated with various  non-recurring  items. Our fiscal
year 2016 income tax provision included approximately $22 million of income tax benefits primarily associated with the release of tax reserves due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.  
 Our Irish tax resident parent holding company owns various U.S. and  non-U.S.  subsidiaries that operate
in multiple  non-Irish  income tax jurisdictions. Our worldwide operating income is either subject to varying rates of income tax or is exempt from income tax due to tax holiday programs we operate under in
Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. These tax holidays are scheduled to expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2024.    Our
income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2017 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits
related to  non-U.S.  earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, (ii) a decrease in
valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets, and (iii) permanent differences. Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2016 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate
of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to  non-U.S.  earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs
and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, (ii) tax benefits associated with the reversal of previously recorded taxes, and (iii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. The acquisition of Dot
Hill System Corporation did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate.  
      39  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Based on our  non-U.S.  ownership structure and
subject to (i) potential future increases in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets; and (ii) a future change in our intention to indefinitely reinvest earnings from our subsidiaries outside of Ireland, we anticipate that our
effective tax rate in future periods will generally be less than the Irish statutory rate.    At June 30, 2017, our deferred tax asset
valuation allowance was approximately $966 million.    At June 30, 2017, we had net deferred tax assets of $602 million,
excluding $2 million of deferred taxes on intra-entity transactions. The realization of most of these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on our ability to generate sufficient U.S. and certain
 non-U.S.  taxable income in future periods. Although realization is not assured, we believe that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets
considered realizable, however, may increase or decrease in subsequent periods when we  re-evaluate  the underlying basis for our estimates of future U.S. and certain
 non-U.S.  taxable income.    As of June 30, 2017, approximately $560 million and
$101 million of our total U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, respectively, are subject to annual limitations from $1 million to $45 million pursuant to U.S. tax law.  
 We are required to file U.S. federal, U.S. state, and  non-U.S  income tax returns. We are no
longer subject to tax examination of U.S. federal income tax returns for years prior to fiscal year 2014. With respect to U.S. state and  non-U.S.  income tax returns, we are generally no longer subject to tax
examination for years ending prior to fiscal year 2006.    Fiscal Year 2016 Compared to Fiscal Year 2015  
 Revenue      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 13,739 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,579 
 )  
    
   
 (19)% 
   
   Revenue in fiscal year 2016 decreased approximately 19% or $2.6 billion, from fiscal year 2015, as a
result of price erosion, and a decrease in exabytes shipped in the client compute market.    Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 July 1, 2016 
   
   
 July 3, 2015 
   
   
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Cost of revenue 
      
 $ 
 8,545 
   
   
 $ 
 9,930 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,385 
 )  
    
   
 (14)% 
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
 $ 
 2,615 
   
   
 $ 
 3,809 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,194 
 )  
    
   
 (31)% 
   
 
   Gross margin percentage 
      
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   For fiscal year 2016, gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased by 500 basis points compared to the
prior fiscal year due to price erosion and reduced demand in legacy hard drives resulting in underutilization of certain factories, partially offset by improved product mix in the second half of fiscal year 2016.  
      40  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Operating Expenses  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Product development 
      
 $ 
 1,237 
   
    
 $ 
 1,353 
   
    
 $ 
 (116 
 )  
    
   
 (9)% 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
      
   
 635 
   
    
   
 857 
   
    
   
 (222 
 )  
    
   
 (26)% 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
      
   
 123 
   
    
   
 129 
   
    
   
 (6 
 )  
    
   
 (5)% 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
      
   
 175 
   
    
   
 32 
   
    
   
 143 
   
    
   
 447% 
   
 
   Gain on arbitration award, net 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (620 
 )  
    
   
 620 
   
    
   
 (100)% 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating expenses 
      
 $ 
 2,170 
   
    
 $ 
 1,751 
   
    
 $ 
 419 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Product Development Expense.  Product development expenses for fiscal year 2016 decreased
from fiscal year 2015 due to a decrease in salaries and other employee benefits of $63 million as a result of the restructuring of our workforce beginning in the second half of fiscal year 2015, a $29 million decrease in variable
compensation, and other cost reduction efforts, partially offset by the consolidation of Dot Hill in fiscal year 2016 and LSI’s Flash Business in fiscal year 2015.  
 Marketing and Administrative Expense.  Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2016 decreased from fiscal year
2015 primarily due to a decrease in salaries and other employee benefits of $82 million as a result of a restructuring of our workforce beginning in the second half of fiscal year 2015, a $45 million decrease in variable compensation and
share-based compensation, a $33 million reduction in advertising due to the completion of certain promotional and branding activities in fiscal year 2016, and increased operational efficiencies in our business.  
 Amortization of Intangibles.  Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2016 decreased by $6 million, as compared to fiscal
year 2015, as a result of certain intangible assets reaching the end of their useful lives, partially offset by the amortization of intangibles acquired from the Dot Hill acquisition in fiscal 2016.  
 Restructuring and Other, net.  Restructuring and other, net for fiscal year 2016 was comprised of restructuring charges recorded
during the September 2015 quarter, March 2016 quarter and June 2016 quarter, to reduce our workforce by approximately 4,600 employees and align our manufacturing footprint with current macroeconomic conditions. Restructuring and other, net for
fiscal year 2015 was due to charges to reduce our workforce as a result of our ongoing focus on cost efficiencies in all areas of our business.  
 Gain on arbitration award, net.  Gain on arbitration award, net for fiscal year 2015 was related to the final award amount of
$630 million, less litigation and other related costs of $10 million, in the Company’s case against Western Digital for the misappropriation of the Company’s trade secrets.  
 Other expense, net      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Other expense, net 
      
 $ 
 (171 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (88 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
    
   
 94% 
   
   Other expense, net for fiscal year 2016 increased by $83 million, as compared to fiscal year 2015
primarily due to the absence of partial receipt of $143 million for interest accrued on the final arbitration award amount in the Company’s case against Western Digital in fiscal year 2015 compared to $33 million in fiscal year 2016,
and a $33 million change in foreign currency remeasurement related to net gains and losses from changes in foreign exchange rates, which were more pronounced in the prior year, partially offset by $74 million of losses from the early
redemptions and repurchases of debt in fiscal year 2015 compared to a $3 million gain from the early redemptions and repurchases of debt in fiscal year 2016.  
 Income Taxes      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Provision for income taxes 
      
 $ 
 26 
   
    
 $ 
 228 
   
    
 $ 
 (202 
 )  
    
   
 (89)% 
   
 
      41  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We recorded an income tax provision of $26 million for fiscal year 2016 compared to an
income tax provision of $228 million for fiscal year 2015. Our fiscal year 2016 income tax provision included approximately $22 million of income tax benefits primarily associated with the release of tax reserves due to the expiration of
certain statutes of limitation. Our fiscal year 2015 income tax provision included approximately $193 million of net income tax expense due to the final audit assessment received from the Jiangsu Province State Tax Bureau of the People’s
Republic of China (China assessment) for calendar years 2007 through 2013.    Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2016
differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to
 non-U.S.  earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, (ii) tax benefits associated with the
reversal of previously recorded taxes, and (iii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. The acquisition of Dot Hill System Corporation did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Our income tax
provision recorded for fiscal year 2015 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to
 non-U.S.  earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, (ii) tax expense associated with the
China assessment recorded during the December 2014 quarter, and (iii) an increase in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. The acquisition of LSI’s Flash Business did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate.
   On December 18, 2015, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes (“PATH”) Act of 2015 was enacted. Among other provisions,
the PATH Act retroactively reinstated and permanently extended the federal Research and Development (“R&D”) tax credit from December 31, 2014. The permanent extension of the R&D credit had no immediate impact on our income tax
provision due to valuation allowances on our U.S. deferred tax assets. None of the other PATH Act changes had a material impact on our income tax provision.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    The
following sections discuss our principal liquidity requirements, as well as our sources and uses of cash and our liquidity and capital resources. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in investments with remaining maturities of 90 days
or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of money market funds, time deposits and certificates of deposit. The principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of
liquidity. We believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. We operate in some countries that have restrictive regulations over the movement of cash and/or foreign exchange across their borders. However, we
believe our sources of cash have been and will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next 12 months. We are not aware of any downgrades, losses or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents
or short-term investments and we do not believe the fair value of our short-term investments has significantly changed from the values reported as of June 30, 2017.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 As of 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 Change 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 $ 
 2,539 
   
    
 $ 
 1,125 
   
    
 $ 
 1,414 
   
 
   Short-term investments 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 (6 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 2,539 
   
    
 $ 
 1,131 
   
    
 $ 
 1,408 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      42  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $1,408 million
from July 1, 2016 as a result of net cash provided by operating activities and the proceeds from the issuance of $750 million of 4.25% Senior Notes due 2022 and $500 million of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2024. These cash inflows were
partially offset by net cash outflows for capital expenditures of $434 million, dividends paid to our shareholders of $561 million, repurchase of our ordinary shares of $460 million and early redemption and repurchase of debt of
$316 million. The following table summarizes results from the statement of cash flows for the periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Net cash flow provided by (used in): 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating activities 
      
 $ 
 1,916 
   
    
 $ 
 1,680 
   
    
 $ 
 2,650 
   
 
   Investing activities 
      
   
 (459 
 )  
    
   
 (1,211 
 )  
    
   
 (1,287 
 )  
 
   Financing activities 
      
   
 (46 
 )  
    
   
 (1,820 
 )  
    
   
 (1,495 
 )  
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 (20 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
      
 $ 
 1,411 
   
    
 $ 
 (1,354 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (152 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Cash Provided by Operating Activities  
 Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2017 was approximately $1.9 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted
for  non-cash  items including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decrease of $122 million in accounts receivable, primarily due to a decrease in revenue and improved collections; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 an increase of $121 million in accounts payable, primarily due to timing of payments of material purchases; offset by      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 an increase of $114 million in inventory, primarily due to an increase in units built in connection with our manufacturing footprint consolidating activities.  
 Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2016 was approximately $1.7 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted
for  non-cash  items including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decrease in revenue accelerated by a reduction in the cash conversion cycle, leading to a decrease in working capital.  
 Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2015 was approximately $2.7 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted
for  non-cash  items including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a partial payment of $773 million for the arbitration award and related accrued interest received from Western Digital; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a $225 million payment related to the final audit assessment received from the Jiangsu Province State Tax Bureau of the People’s Republic of China for tax and interest associated with changes to our tax
filings for the calendar years 2007 through 2013.    Cash Used in Investing Activities  
 In fiscal year 2017, we used $459 million for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for the purchase of
property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $434 million.    In fiscal year 2016, we used $1.2 billion for net
cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for the purchase of property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $587 million and the acquisition of Dot Hill, net of cash acquired for $634 million.  
 In fiscal year 2015, we used $1.3 billion or net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for the purchase of
property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $747 million and the acquisition of LSI’s Flash Business for $450 million.  
 Cash Used in Financing Activities  
 Net cash used in financing activities of $46 million for fiscal year 2017 was primarily attributable to the following activities:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 net proceeds of $1.2 billion received from issuance of $750 million of 4.25% Senior Notes due 2022 and $500 million of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2024;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $86 million in proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans, offset by  
      43  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
 $561 million in dividend payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $460 million paid to repurchase 12 million of our ordinary shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $316 million of redemption and repurchase of long-term debt; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $27 million paid for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards.    Net cash
used in financing activities of $1.8 billion for fiscal year 2016 was primarily attributable to the following activities:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $1.1 billion paid to repurchase 24 million of our ordinary shares; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $0.7 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders.    Net cash used in financing
activities of $1.5 billion for fiscal year 2015 was primarily attributable to the following activities:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $1.1 billion paid to repurchase 19 million of our ordinary shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $1.0 billion for the repurchase and redemption of long-term debt;        
 
 
   
 • 
   
 $0.7 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders; partially offset by      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 proceeds of $1.2 billion from aggregate cash generated from the issuance of our 5.75% Senior Notes due 2034 and 4.875% Senior Notes due 2027.  
 Liquidity Sources    Our
primary sources of liquidity as of June 30, 2017, consisted of: (1) approximately $2.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents, (2) a $700 million senior revolving credit facility and (3) cash we expect to generate from
operations.    As of June 30, 2017, no borrowings had been drawn under the revolving credit facility or had been utilized for letters
of credit issued under this credit facility. The line of credit is available for borrowings through January 15, 2020, subject to compliance with financial covenants, other customary conditions to borrowing and investment grade ratings. If the
Company does not have investment grade ratings (as defined in the revolving credit facility) on August 15, 2018, then the maturity date will be August 16, 2018 unless certain extension conditions have been satisfied.  
 The credit agreement that governs our revolving credit facility, as amended, contains certain covenants that we must satisfy in order to
remain in compliance with the credit agreement, as amended. The agreement includes three financial covenants: (1) minimum cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; (2) a fixed charge coverage ratio; and (3) a net leverage
ratio. On April 28, 2016, the Revolving Credit Agreement was amended in order to increase the allowable net leverage ratio to adjust for our current financial liquidity position. We were in compliance with the modified covenants as of
June 30, 2017 and expect to be in compliance for the next 12 months.    As of June 30, 2017, cash and cash equivalents held by  non-Irish  subsidiaries was $2.5 billion. This amount is potentially subject to taxation in Ireland upon repatriation by means of a dividend into our Irish parent. However, it is our intent to indefinitely
reinvest earnings of  non-Irish  subsidiaries outside of Ireland and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate such earnings by means of a taxable Irish dividend. Should funds be needed in
the Irish parent company and should we be unable to fund parent company activities through means other than a taxable Irish dividend, we would be required to accrue and pay Irish taxes on such dividend.  
 We believe that our sources of cash will be sufficient to fund our operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next
12 months.    Cash Requirements and Commitments  
 Our liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital, product development and capital expenditure needs, to fund scheduled
payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, and to fund our quarterly dividend. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance, and therefore, subject to
prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.    On
July 25, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.63 per share, which will be payable on October 4, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 20, 2017.  
 As of June 30, 2017, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. Based on our current outlook, we expect
to be in compliance with the covenants of our debt agreements over the next 12 months.  
      44  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The carrying value of our long-term debt as of June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016 was
5.0 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. The table below presents the principal amounts of our outstanding long-term debt:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 As of 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 Change 
   


 
   3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 
      
 $ 
 710 
   
    
 $ 
 800 
   
    
 $ 
 (90 
 )  
 
   7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 158 
   
    
   
 (158 
 )  
 
   4.250% Senior Notes due March 2022 
      
   
 750 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 750 
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 
      
   
 951 
   
    
   
 990 
   
    
   
 (39 
 )  
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due March 2024 
      
   
 500 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 500 
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 
      
   
 975 
   
    
   
 995 
   
    
   
 (20 
 )  
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due June 2027 
      
   
 697 
   
    
   
 700 
   
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   5.75% Senior Notes due December 2034 
      
   
 490 
   
    
   
 490 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
 $ 
 5,073 
   
    
 $ 
 4,133 
   
    
 $ 
 940 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   From time to time we may repurchase any of our outstanding ordinary shares through private, open market,
tender offers, broker assisted purchases or other means. During fiscal year 2017, we repurchased approximately 13 million of our ordinary shares including statutory tax withholdings related to vesting of employee equity awards. See
“Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities-Repurchases of Our Equity Securities.” As of June 30, 2017, $1.3 billion remained available for
repurchase under our existing repurchase authorization limit. All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association.  
 For fiscal year 2018, we expect capital expenditures to be less than 5% of revenue. We require substantial amounts of cash to fund any
increased working capital requirements, future capital expenditures, scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness and payments of dividends. We will continue to evaluate and manage the retirement and replacement of existing debt
and associated obligations, including evaluating the issuance of new debt securities, exchanging existing debt securities for other debt securities and retiring debt pursuant to privately negotiated transactions, open market purchases, tender offers
or other means or otherwise. In addition, we may selectively pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions and investments, which may require additional capital.  
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments  
 Our contractual cash obligations and commitments as of June 30, 2017, have been summarized in the table below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
   
   
    
 Fiscal Year(s) 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Total 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019-2020 
   
    
 2021-2022 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   


 
   Contractual Cash Obligations: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
      
 $ 
 5,073 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 710 
   
    
 $ 
 750 
   
    
 $ 
 3,613 
   
 
   Interest payments on debt 
      
   
 1,848 
   
    
   
 241 
   
    
   
 433 
   
    
   
 420 
   
    
   
 754 
   
 
   Purchase obligations  (1) 
      
   
 1,484 
   
    
   
 959 
   
    
   
 525 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Operating leases  (2) 
      
   
 135 
   
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 15 
   
    
   
 75 
   
 
   Capital expenditures 
      
   
 107 
   
    
   
 107 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other funding requirements  (3) 
      
   
 30 
   
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 18 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
      
   
 8,677 
   
    
   
 1,338 
   
    
   
 1,712 
   
    
   
 1,185 
   
    
   
 4,442 
   
 
   Commitments: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Letters of credit or bank guarantees 
      
   
 106 
   
    
   
 106 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 8,783 
   
    
 $ 
 1,444 
   
    
 $ 
 1,712 
   
    
 $ 
 1,185 
   
    
 $ 
 4,442 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Purchase obligations are defined as contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services, which are enforceable and legally binding on us, and that specify all significant terms.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes total future minimum rent expense under  non-cancelable  leases for both occupied and vacated facilities (rent expense is shown net of sublease income).  
 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of funding requirements related to strategic commitments.  
      45  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  As of June 30, 2017, we had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits and an accrual
for the payment of related interest totaling $15 million, none of which is expected to be settled within one year. Outside of one year, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when cash settlement with a taxing authority will
occur.    Off-Balance  Sheet Arrangements  
 As of June 30, 2017, we did not have any material  off-balance  sheet arrangements (as defined in
Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of  Regulation S-K).     Accounting Policies  
 The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we
report in our consolidated financial statements. The SEC has defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results, and require us to make our most
difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. Based on this definition, our most critical policies include: establishment of sales program
accruals, establishment of warranty accruals, accounting for income taxes, and the accounting for goodwill and other long-lived assets. Below, we discuss these policies further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved. We also have other
accounting policies and accounting estimates relating to uncollectible customer accounts, valuation of inventory, valuation of share-based payments and restructuring. We believe that these other accounting policies and accounting estimates either do
not generally require us to make estimates and judgments that are as difficult or as subjective, or it is less likely that they would have a material impact on our reported results of operations for a given period.  
 Establishment of Sales Program Accruals.  We establish certain distributor and OEM sales programs aimed at increasing customer
demand. For OEM sales, rebates are typically based on an OEM customer’s volume of purchases or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution channel, these programs typically involve rebates related to a distributor’s level of
sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity and price protection adjustments. We provide for these obligations at the time that revenue is recorded based on estimated requirements. We estimate these contra-revenue rebates and
adjustments based on various factors, including price reductions during the period reported, estimated future price erosion, customer orders, distributor sell-through and inventory levels, program participation, customer claim submittals and sales
returns. Our estimates reflect contractual arrangements but also our judgment relating to variables such as customer claim rates and attainment of program goals, and inventory and sell-through levels reported by our distribution customers.
Currently, our distributors’ inventories are within the historical range.    While we believe we have sufficient experience and
knowledge of the market and customer buying patterns to reasonably estimate such rebates and adjustments, actual market conditions or customer behavior could differ from our expectations. As a result, actual payments under these programs, which may
spread over several months after the related sale, may vary from the amount accrued. Accordingly, revenues and margins in the period in which the adjustment occurs may be affected.  
 Significant actual variations in any of the factors upon which we base our contra-revenue estimates could have a material effect on our
operating results. In fiscal year 2017, sales programs were approximately 11% of gross revenue. For fiscal years 2016 and 2015, total sales programs of gross revenues were 13% and 10%, respectively. Adjustments to revenues due to under or over
accruals for sales programs related to revenues reported in prior quarterly periods were less than 1% of gross revenue in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015. Any future shifts in the industry supply-demand balance as well as other factors may result
in a more competitive pricing environment and may cause sales programs as a percentage of gross revenue to increase from the current or historical levels. If such rebates and incentives trend upwards, revenues and margins may be reduced.  
 Establishment of Warranty Accruals.  We estimate probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We generally
warrant our products for a period of 1 to 5 years. Our warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns during the warranty periods), and estimated repair or replacement costs related
to product quality issues, if any. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell certain repaired products. Should actual experience in any future period differ significantly from our estimates, our future results of operations could
be materially affected. Our judgment is subject to a greater degree of subjectivity with respect to newly introduced products because of limited experience with those products upon which to base our warranty estimates.  
      46  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The actual results with regard to warranty expenditures could have an adverse or favorable
effect on our results of operations if the actual rate of unit failure, the cost to repair a unit, or the actual cost required to satisfy customer claims differs from those estimates we used in determining the warranty accrual. Since we typically
outsource our warranty repairs, our repair cost is subject to periodic negotiations with vendors and may vary from our estimates. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell certain repaired products. To the extent such sales fall
below our forecast, warranty cost will be adversely impacted.    We review our warranty accrual quarterly for products shipped in prior
periods and which are still under warranty. Any changes in the estimates underlying the accrual may result in adjustments that impact the current period gross margins and net income. In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 net changes in estimates of
prior warranty accruals as a percentage of revenue were immaterial. Our total warranty cost was 1.3%, 1.0% and 1.1% of revenue during fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, while warranty cost related to new shipments (exclusive of the
impact of  re-estimates  of  pre-existing  liabilities) were 1.2%, 1.1% and 1.1% respectively, for the same periods. Changes in anticipated failure rates of specific
products and significant changes in repair or replacement costs have historically been the major reasons for significant changes in prior estimates. Any future changes in failure rates of certain products, as well as changes in repair costs or
the cost of replacement parts, may result in increased or decreased warranty accruals.    Accounting for Income Taxes.  We
account for income taxes pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 740 (“ASC 740”),  Income Taxes . In applying, ASC 740, we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for
financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, recognition of income and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of
recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and
the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual results, an additional tax benefit or provision will
result. The deferred tax assets we record each period depend primarily on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States and certain  non-U.S.  jurisdictions. Each period, we evaluate the
need for a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets and, if necessary, we adjust the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax assets are recorded only to the extent we conclude it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets
will be realized. If our outlook for future taxable income changes significantly, our assessment of the need for a valuation allowance may also change.  
 Assessing Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment.  We account for goodwill in accordance with ASC Topic
350,  Intangibles—Goodwill and Other . As permitted by ASC 350, we perform a qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, to determine if any events or
circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry that would indicate that it would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Based on the
qualitative assessment, if it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company is not required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If it is determined in the
qualitative assessment that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not below its carrying amount, including goodwill, then we perform a quantitative impairment test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed by comparing
the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. Any excess in the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill over its fair value is recognized as an impairment loss, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit.    In accordance with ASC  360-05-4, 
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets,  we test other long-lived assets, including property, equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible assets subject to amortization, for recoverability whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying values of those assets may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we
will estimate the fair value of the asset group and compare it to its carrying value. The excess of the carrying value over the fair value is allocated pro rata to derive the adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group. The adjusted
carrying value of each asset in the asset group is not reduced below its fair value.  
      47  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies” for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements on our financial statements.      
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    We have exposure to market
risks due to the volatility of interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit rating changes, equity and bond markets. A portion of these risks may be hedged, but fluctuations could impact our results of operations, financial position and
cash flows.    Interest Rate Risk.  Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment
portfolio. As of June 30, 2017, the Company had no  available-for-sale  securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12
months. The Company determined no  available-for-sale  securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 30, 2017. We currently do not use derivative
financial instruments in our investment portfolio.    We have fixed rate debt obligations. We enter into debt obligations for general
corporate purposes including capital expenditures and working capital needs.    The table below presents principal amounts and related
weighted-average interest rates by year of maturity for our investment portfolio and debt obligations as of June 30, 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   (Dollars in millions, except percentages) 
      
 2018 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2020 
   
    
 2021 
   
    
 2022 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Fair Value at June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Assets 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents: 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate 
      
 $ 
 1,178 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,178 
   
   
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
   Average interest rate 
      
   
 1.21 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.21 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
 
      
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed income 
      
 $ 
 1,178 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,178 
   
   
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
   Debt 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 710 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 750 
   
   
 $ 
 3,613 
   
   
 $ 
 5,073 
   
   
 $ 
 5,159 
   
 
   Average interest rate 
      
 
 
 
   
   
 3.75 
 %  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4.25 
 %  
   
   
 4.93 
 %  
   
   
 4.66 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.  From time to time, we may enter into foreign currency forward exchange
contracts to manage exposure related to certain foreign currency commitments and anticipated foreign currency denominated expenditures. Our policy prohibits us from entering into derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
At this time, we have not identified any material exposure associated with the changes as a result of the British vote to exit the European Union.  
 We hedge portions of our foreign currency denominated balance sheet positions with foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the
risk that our earnings will be adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates. The changes in fair value of these hedges are recognized in earnings in the same period as the gains and losses from the remeasurement of the assets and
liabilities. These foreign currency forward exchange contracts are not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging . The Company has no outstanding foreign currency forward exchange contracts as
of June 30, 2017.    We evaluate hedging effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively and record any ineffective portion of the
hedging instruments in Cost of revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We did not have any material net gains (losses) recognized in Cost of revenue for cash flow hedges due to hedge ineffectiveness or discontinued cash flow hedges
during the fiscal years 2017 and 2016.  
      48  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Other Market Risks.  We have exposure to counterparty credit downgrades in the form of
credit risk related to our foreign currency forward exchange contracts and our fixed income portfolio. We monitor and limit our credit exposure for our foreign currency forward exchange contracts by performing ongoing credit evaluations. We also
manage the notional amount of contracts entered into with any one counterparty, and we maintain limits on maximum tenor of contracts based on the credit rating of the financial institution. Additionally, the investment portfolio is diversified and
structured to minimize credit risk. Changes in our corporate issuer credit ratings have minimal impact on our financial results, but downgrades may negatively impact our future transaction costs and our ability to execute transactions with various
counterparties.    We are subject to equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments selected by its
employees as part of its  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan—the Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan (the “SDCP”). In fiscal year 2014, the Company entered into a Total Return Swap
(“TRS”) in order to manage the equity market risks associated with the SDCP liabilities. The Company pays a floating rate, based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to substantially
offset changes in the SDCP liability due to changes in the value of the investment options made by employees. See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 8. Derivative Financial Instruments” of this Report on
Form  10-K.   
      49  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table of Contents 
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 51 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
   
 52 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 53 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 54 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 55 
   
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    
   
 56 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 1.  
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
   
 56 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 2.   Balance Sheet Information 
    
   
 61 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 3.   Acquisitions 
    
   
 64 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 4.   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
   
 66 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 5.   Restructuring and Exit Costs 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 6.   Debt 
    
   
 69 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 7.   Income Taxes 
    
   
 72 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 8.   Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
   
 75 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 9.   Fair Value 
    
   
 77 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 10. Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 80 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 11. Share-based Compensation 
    
   
 82 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 12. Earnings Per Share 
    
   
 87 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 13. Business Segment and Geographic Information 
    
   
 87 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies 
    
   
 88 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 15. Commitments 
    
   
 90 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 16. Guarantees 
    
   
 91 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 17. Subsequent Events 
    
   
 92 
   
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 93 
   
 
      50  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In millions, except share and per share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
 ASSETS 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 $ 
 2,539 
   
    
 $ 
 1,125 
   
 
   Short-term investments 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
      
   
 1,199 
   
    
   
 1,318 
   
 
   Inventories 
      
   
 982 
   
    
   
 868 
   
 
   Other current assets 
      
   
 321 
   
    
   
 216 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
      
   
 5,041 
   
    
   
 3,533 
   
 
   Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 
      
   
 1,875 
   
    
   
 2,160 
   
 
   Goodwill 
      
   
 1,238 
   
    
   
 1,237 
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
      
   
 281 
   
    
   
 448 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
      
   
 609 
   
    
   
 616 
   
 
   Other assets, net 
      
   
 224 
   
    
   
 219 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
      
 $ 
 9,268 
   
    
 $ 
 8,213 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
      
 $ 
 1,626 
   
    
 $ 
 1,517 
   
 
   Accrued employee compensation 
      
   
 237 
   
    
   
 184 
   
 
   Accrued warranty 
      
   
 113 
   
    
   
 104 
   
 
   Accrued expenses 
      
   
 650 
   
    
   
 444 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
      
   
 2,626 
   
    
   
 2,249 
   
 
   Long-term accrued warranty 
      
   
 120 
   
    
   
 102 
   
 
   Long-term accrued income taxes 
      
   
 15 
   
    
   
 14 
   
 
   Other  non-current  liabilities 
      
   
 122 
   
    
   
 164 
   
 
   Long-term debt 
      
   
 5,021 
   
    
   
 4,091 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
      
   
 7,904 
   
    
   
 6,620 
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies (See Notes 14 and 15) 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ Equity: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Preferred shares, $0.00001 par value per share—100,000,000 authorized; no shares issued or
outstanding 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Ordinary shares, $0.00001 par value per share—1,250,000,000 authorized; 291,799,561 issued
and outstanding at June 30, 2017 and 298,572,217 issued and outstanding at July 1, 2016 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
      
   
 6,152 
   
    
   
 5,929 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
      
   
 (17 
 )  
    
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
      
   
 (4,771 
 )  
    
   
 (4,311 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Shareholders’ Equity 
      
   
 1,364 
   
    
   
 1,593 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
      
 $ 
 9,268 
   
    
 $ 
 8,213 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      51  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (In millions, except per share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Revenue 
      
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 13,739 
   
 
   Cost of revenue 
      
   
 7,597 
   
    
   
 8,545 
   
    
   
 9,930 
   
 
   Product development 
      
   
 1,232 
   
    
   
 1,237 
   
    
   
 1,353 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
      
   
 606 
   
    
   
 635 
   
    
   
 857 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
      
   
 104 
   
    
   
 123 
   
    
   
 129 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
      
   
 178 
   
    
   
 175 
   
    
   
 32 
   
 
   Gain on arbitration award, net 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (620 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
      
   
 9,717 
   
    
   
 10,715 
   
    
   
 11,681 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
      
   
 1,054 
   
    
   
 445 
   
    
   
 2,058 
   
 
   Interest income 
      
   
 12 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Interest expense 
      
   
 (222 
 )  
    
   
 (193 
 )  
    
   
 (207 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
      
   
 (29 
 )  
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 113 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other expense, net 
      
   
 (239 
 )  
    
   
 (171 
 )  
    
   
 (88 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
      
   
 815 
   
    
   
 274 
   
    
   
 1,970 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
      
   
 43 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 228 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
      
 $ 
 772 
   
    
 $ 
 248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,742 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
 $ 
 2.61 
   
    
 $ 
 0.83 
   
    
 $ 
 5.38 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 2.58 
   
    
   
 0.82 
   
    
   
 5.26 
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
   
 296 
   
    
   
 299 
   
    
   
 324 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 299 
   
    
   
 302 
   
    
   
 331 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared per ordinary share 
      
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.43 
   
    
 $ 
 2.05 
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      52  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Net income 
      
 $ 
 772 
   
    
 $ 
 248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,742 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash flow hedges 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in net unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges 
      
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
      
   
 4 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 13 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change 
      
   
 1 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Marketable securities 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Post-retirement plans 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in unrealized gain (loss) on post-retirement plans 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change 
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
      
   
 5 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 (25 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
      
   
 8 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 (28 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
      
 $ 
 780 
   
    
 $ 
 253 
   
    
 $ 
 1,714 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      53  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
   
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
 July 1, 2016 
   
   
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 772 
   
   
 $ 
 248 
   
   
 $ 
 1,742 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 749 
   
   
   
 815 
   
   
   
 841 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 137 
   
   
   
 120 
   
   
   
 137 
   
 
   Loss (gain) on redemption and repurchase of debt 
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 74 
   
 
   Loss on sale of property and equipment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
   
   
 42 
   
   
   
 26 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
 
   Other  non-cash  operating activities, net 
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 122 
   
   
   
 464 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (114 
 )  
   
   
 145 
   
   
   
 29 
   
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 121 
   
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 (58 
 )  
 
   Accrued employee compensation 
   
   
 53 
   
   
   
 (78 
 )  
   
   
 (40 
 )  
 
   Accrued expenses, income taxes and warranty 
   
   
 47 
   
   
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 (112 
 )  
 
   Other assets and liabilities 
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 44 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 1,916 
   
   
   
 1,680 
   
   
   
 2,650 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 
   
   
 (434 
 )  
   
   
 (587 
 )  
   
   
 (747 
 )  
 
   Purchases of strategic investments 
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases of short-term investments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Sales of short-term investments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4 
   
 
   Maturities of short-term investments 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 19 
   
 
   Cash used in acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (634 
 )  
   
   
 (453 
 )  
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 (105 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (459 
 )  
   
   
 (1,211 
 )  
   
   
 (1,287 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
   
   
 1,232 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,196 
   
 
   Redemption and repurchase of debt 
   
   
 (316 
 )  
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 (1,026 
 )  
 
   Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (460 
 )  
   
   
 (1,090 
 )  
   
   
 (1,087 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
   
   
 (561 
 )  
   
   
 (727 
 )  
   
   
 (664 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
   
   
 86 
   
   
   
 79 
   
   
   
 98 
   
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (1,820 
 )  
   
   
 (1,495 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted
cash 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
   
   
 1,411 
   
   
   
 (1,354 
 )  
   
   
 (152 
 )  
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year 
   
   
 1,132 
   
   
   
 2,486 
   
   
   
 2,638 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year 
   
 $ 
 2,543 
   
   
 $ 
 1,132 
   
   
 $ 
 2,486 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid for interest 
   
 $ 
 172 
   
   
 $ 
 200 
   
   
 $ 
 216 
   
 
   Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
   
 $ 
 33 
   
   
 $ 
 40 
   
   
 $ 
 285 
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      54  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
 For Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2017, July 1, 2016 and July 3, 2015  
 (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
   
    
 Number of Ordinary Shares 
   
   
 Par Value of Shares 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
 Accumulated Deficit 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at, June 27, 2014 
    
   
 327 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 5,511 
   
   
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,677 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,832 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,742 
   
   
   
 1,742 
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 98 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 98 
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (19 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,087 
 )  
   
   
 (1,087 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (664 
 )  
   
   
 (664 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 137 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 137 
   
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (12 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at, July 3, 2015 
    
   
 315 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,734 
   
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 (2,686 
 )  
   
   
 3,018 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 248 
   
   
   
 248 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5 
   
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 8 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 79 
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (23 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,090 
 )  
   
   
 (1,090 
 )  
 
   Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 (56 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (727 
 )  
   
   
 (727 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 120 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 120 
   
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (4 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at, July 1, 2016 
    
   
 299 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,929 
   
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (4,311 
 )  
   
   
 1,593 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 772 
   
   
   
 772 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8 
   
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 6 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 86 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 86 
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (460 
 )  
   
   
 (460 
 )  
 
   Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (745 
 )  
   
   
 (745 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 137 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 137 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at, June 30, 2017 
    
   
 292 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 6,152 
   
   
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4,771 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,364 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      55  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
 
 1. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    Organization
   Seagate Technology plc (the “Company”) is a leading provider of data storage technology and solutions. Its principal
products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. In addition to HDDs, the Company produces a broad range of data storage products including solid state drives (“SSD”) and their related controllers,
solid state hybrid drives (“SSHD”) and storage subsystems.    Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on
rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. Complementing existing data center storage architecture,
solid-state storage devices use integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data, and most SSDs use NAND-based flash memory. In addition to HDDs and SSDs, SSHDs combine the features of SSDs and HDDs in the same unit, containing a large hard
disk drive and an SSD cache to improve performance of frequently accessed data.    The Company’s products are designed for mission
critical and nearline applications in enterprise servers and storage systems; client compute applications, where its products are designed primarily for desktop and mobile computing; and client  non-compute 
applications, where its products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as portable external storage systems, surveillance systems, network-attached storage (“NAS”), digital video recorders (“DVRs”) and gaming
consoles.    The Company’s cloud systems and solutions extend innovation from the device into the information infrastructure, onsite
and in the cloud. Its portfolio includes modular original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) storage systems and  scale-out  storage servers.  
 Basis of Presentation and Consolidation  
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, after
elimination of intercompany transactions and balances.    The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those
estimates. The methods, estimates and judgments the Company uses in applying its most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results the Company reports in its consolidated financial statements. Certain prior years amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.  
 The Company operates and reports financial results on a fiscal year of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Friday closest to June 30.
Accordingly, fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were comprised of 52 weeks and ended on June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016, respectively. Fiscal year 2015 was comprised of 53 weeks and ended on July 3, 2015. All references to years in these
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements represent fiscal years unless otherwise noted. Fiscal year 2018 will be 52 weeks and will end on June 29, 2018.  
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments.  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a remaining
maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company’s short-term investments are primarily comprised of money market funds, time
deposits and certificates of deposits. The Company has classified its marketable securities as  available-for-sale  and they are stated at fair value with unrealized gains
and losses included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is a component of Shareholders’ Equity. The Company evaluates the  available-for  sale securities in an unrealized loss position for
other-than-temporary impairment. Realized gains and losses are included in Other, net on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.  
 Restricted Cash and Investments.  Restricted cash and investments represent cash and cash equivalents and investments that
are restricted as to withdrawal or use for other than current operations.    Allowances for Doubtful Accounts.  The Company
maintains an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable based upon expected collectability. This reserve is established based upon historical trends, global macroeconomic conditions and an analysis of specific exposures. The provision for
doubtful accounts is recorded as a charge to Marketing and administrative expense on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      56  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Inventory.  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (using the  first-in,   first-out  method) or market. Market value is based upon an estimated average selling price reduced by estimated cost of completion and disposal.  
 Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements.  Property, equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost. Equipment and
buildings are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated life of the asset or the remaining term of
the lease. The costs of additions and substantial improvements to property, equipment and leasehold improvements, which extend the economic life of the underlying assets, are capitalized. The cost of maintenance and repairs to property, equipment
and leasehold improvements are expensed as incurred.    Assessment of Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment .   The
Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 350 (“ASC 350”),  Intangibles—Goodwill and Other.  During fiscal year 2017, the Company adopted Accounting Standard Update
(“ASU”)  No. 2017-04,   Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350)—Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.  The Company performs a qualitative assessment in the fourth
quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, to determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry that would indicate that it
would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount, including goodwill. If it is determined in the qualitative assessment that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not below its carrying
amount, including goodwill, then the Company will perform a quantitative impairment test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. Any excess in the carrying
value of a reporting unit’s goodwill over its fair value is recognized as an impairment loss, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.  
 The Company tests other long-lived assets, including property, equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible assets subject to
amortization, for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. The Company performs a recoverability test to assess the recoverability of an asset group. If the
recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, the Company will estimate the fair value of the asset group and the excess of the carrying value over the fair value is allocated pro rata to derive the
adjusted carrying value of assets in the asset group. The adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group is not reduced below its fair value.  
 The Company tests other intangible assets not subject to amortization whenever events occur or circumstances change, such as declining
financial performance, deterioration in the environment in which the entity operates or deteriorating macroeconomic conditions that have a negative effect on future expected earnings and cash flows that could affect significant inputs used to
determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset.    Derivative Financial Instruments.  The Company applies the
requirements of ASC Topic 815 (“ASC 815”),  Derivatives and Hedging.  ASC 815 requires that all derivatives be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value and establishes criteria for designation and effectiveness of hedging
relationships.    Establishment of Warranty Accruals.  The Company estimates probable product warranty costs at the time revenue
is recognized. The Company generally warrants its products for a period of 1 to 5 years. The Company’s warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns during the warranty
periods), and estimated repair or replacement costs related to product quality issues, if any. The Company also exercises judgment in estimating its ability to sell certain repaired products. Should actual experience in any future period differ
significantly from its estimates, the Company’s future results of operations could be materially affected.    Revenue Recognition,
Sales Returns and Allowances, and Sales Incentive Programs.  The Company’s revenue recognition policy complies with ASC Topic 605 (“ASC 605”),  Revenue Recognition.  Revenue from sales of products, including sales to
distribution customers, is generally recognized when title and risk of loss has passed to the buyer, which typically occurs upon shipment from the Company or third party’s warehouse facilities, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
including a fixed or determinable price to the buyer, and when collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue from sales of products to certain direct retail customers and to customers in certain indirect retail channels is recognized on a
sell-through basis.    The Company records estimated product returns at the time of shipment. The Company also estimates reductions to
revenue for sales incentive programs, such as price protection, and volume incentives, and records such reductions when revenue is recorded. The Company establishes certain distributor and OEM sales programs aimed at increasing customer demand. For
OEM sales, rebates are typically based on an OEM customer’s volume of purchases from Seagate or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution channel, these programs typically involve rebates related to a distributor’s level of
sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity and price protection adjustments. The Company provides for these obligations at the time that revenue is recorded based on estimated requirements. Marketing development programs are recorded
as a reduction to revenue.    Shipping and Handling.  The Company includes costs related to shipping and handling in Cost of
revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented.  
      57  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Restructuring Costs.  The Company records restructuring activities including
costs for  one-time  termination benefits in accordance with ASC Topic 420 (“ASC 420”),  Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations.  The timing of recognition for severance costs accounted for under ASC
420 depends on whether employees are required to render service until they are terminated in order to receive the termination benefits. If employees are required to render service until they are terminated in order to receive the termination
benefits, a liability is recognized ratably over the future service period. Otherwise, a liability is recognized when management has committed to a restructuring plan and has communicated those actions to employees. Employee termination benefits
covered by existing benefit arrangements are recorded in accordance with ASC Topic 712,  Non-retirement  Postemployment Benefits.  These costs are recognized when management has committed to a
restructuring plan and the severance costs are probable and estimable.    Advertising Expense.  The cost of advertising is
expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately $16 million, $31 million and $64 million in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Share-Based Compensation.  The Company accounts for share-based compensation under the provisions of ASC Topic 718 (ASC 718),
 Compensation-Stock Compensation.  The Company has elected to apply the  with-and-without  method to assess the realization of related excess tax benefits.  
 Accounting for Income Taxes . The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to ASC Topic 740 (“ASC 740”),  Income
Taxes .   In applying ASC 740, the Company makes certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, recognition of income
and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for income tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax liabilities associated with
uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of the Company’s uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other
tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual results, an additional tax benefit or provision will result. The deferred tax assets the Company records each period depend primarily on the Company’s
ability to generate future taxable income in the United States and certain  non-U.S.  jurisdictions. Each period, the Company evaluates the need for a valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets and, if
necessary, adjusts the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax assets are recorded only to the extent the Company concludes it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. If the Company’s outlook for future
taxable income changes significantly, the Company’s assessment of the need for, and the amount of, a valuation allowance may also change.  
 Comprehensive Income.  The Company presents comprehensive income in a separate statement. Comprehensive income is comprised
of net income and other gains and losses affecting equity that are excluded from net income.    Foreign Currency Remeasurement and
Translation.  The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for the majority of the Company’s foreign operations. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are remeasured into the functional currency of the
subsidiary at the balance sheet date. The gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency denominated balances into the functional currency of the subsidiary are included in Other, net on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of
Operations. The Company had $4 million and $0 million in remeasurement losses in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively, with $30 million in remeasurement gains in fiscal year 2015.  
 The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its  non-U.S.  dollar functional currency
subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these
translations are recognized in foreign currency translation included in Accumulated Other comprehensive loss, which is a component of shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency
remeasure monetary assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these remeasurements were not significant
and have been included in the Company’s results of operations.    Concentrations  
 Concentration of Credit Risk.  The Company’s customer base for disk drive products is concentrated with a small number
of OEMs and distributors. The Company does not generally require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. To reduce credit risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations on its customers’ financial condition. The
Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of customers, historical trends and other information. Dell Inc. accounted for more than   10% of the Company’s accounts receivable
as of June 30, 2017.    Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily
of cash equivalents, short-term investments and foreign currency forward exchange contracts. The Company further mitigates concentrations of credit risk in its investments through diversification, by limiting its investments in the debt securities
of a single issuer, and investing in highly-rated securities.  
      58  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts, the Company assumes the risk
that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The counterparties to these contracts are major multinational commercial banks, and the Company has not incurred and does not expect any losses as a
result of counterparty defaults.    Supplier Concentration.  Certain of the raw materials, components and equipment used by the
Company in the manufacture of its products are available from single-sourced vendors. Shortages could occur in these essential materials and components due to an interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. If the Company were unable
to procure certain materials, components or equipment at acceptable prices, it would be required to reduce its manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. In addition, the Company may make
prepayments to certain suppliers or enter into minimum volume commitment agreements. Should these suppliers be unable to deliver on their obligations or experience financial difficulty, the Company may not be able to recover these prepayments.  
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, August 2015, April 2016, May 2016 and December 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU  2014-09  (ASC Topic 606) , Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  ASU  2015-14  (ASC Topic 606)  Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Deferral of the Effective Date,
 ASU  2016-10  (ASC Topic 606)  Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , ASU  2016-12  (ASC Topic 606)  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,  and ASU  2016-20  (ASC Topic 606)  Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers ,   respectively.   ASC Topic 606 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific guidance. It also requires entities to disclose both quantitative and qualitative information that enable financial statements users to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
contracts with customers. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. This standard may be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or retrospectively with a cumulative adjustment to retained
earnings in the year of adoption (“modified retrospective transition approach”). Based on its assessment, the Company plans to adopt the new revenue standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, utilizing the modified retrospective
method of transition.    While management has not yet completed its assessment of the impact of adopting this new standard on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements, the Company expects the adoption of the new standard will result in the recognition of revenues generally upon shipment  (sell-in  basis) for sales of products
to certain direct retail customers and customers in certain indirect retail channels which are currently being recognized on a sell-through basis. Accordingly, the Company will need to estimate variable consideration (e.g. rebates) related to
customer incentives on these arrangements. These changes are not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU  2015-11  (ASC Topic 330),  Inventory: Simplifying the
Measurement of Inventory.  The amendments in this ASU require inventory measurement at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The Company is required and intends to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The Company
does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU  2016-01  (ASC Subtopic  825-10),   Financial Instruments—Overall Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The
amendments in this ASU require entities to measure all investments in equity securities at fair value with changes recognized through net income. This requirement does not apply to investments that qualify for the equity method of accounting, to
those that result in consolidation of the investee, or for which the entity meets a practicability exception to fair value measurement. Additionally, the amendments eliminate certain disclosure requirements related to financial instruments measured
at amortized cost and add disclosures related to the measurement categories of financial assets and financial liabilities. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for only
certain portions of the ASU. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-02  (ASC Topic 842),  Leases . The ASU amends a number
of aspects of lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize operating leases with a term greater than one year on their balance sheet as a  right-of-use 
asset and corresponding lease liability, measured at the present value of the lease payments. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing
the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
 2016-09  (ASC Topic 718 ), Stock Compensation—Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU are intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based
compensation arrangements, including the income tax consequences, classification on the consolidated statement of cash flows and treatment of forfeitures. The Company is required and intends to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.
Upon adoption, the Company anticipates that this ASU will result in an increase in deferred tax assets relating to net operating losses of approximately $0.5 billion, offset by an equivalent increase in the valuation allowance. This guidance,
however, is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations or cash flows.  
      59  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-16  (ASC
Topic 740),  Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory . The amendments in this ASU require the recognition of the income tax consequences for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory when the transfer
occurs. Under current GAAP, current and deferred income taxes for intra-entity asset transfers are not recognized until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal
2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-01  (ASC Topic 805),  Business Combination: Clarifying the
Definition of a Business . The amendments in this ASU change the definition of a business to assist with evaluating when a set of transferred assets and activities is a business. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter
of fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-09  (ASC Topic 718),  Stock Compensation: Scope of Modification
Accounting . The amendments in this ASU provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first
quarter of fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.  
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  
 In April 2015 and August 2015, the FASB issued ASU  2015-03  (ASC Subtopic
 835-30),   Interest-Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  and ASU  2015-15  (ASC Subtopic
 835-30),   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with  Line-of-Credit 
Arrangements—Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June  18, 2015 EITF Meeting,  respectively.   The ASUs require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability, with the
exception of those related to  line-of-credit  arrangements, be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU  2015-03  became effective and was adopted by the Company in the September 2016 quarter on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance resulted in a reduction to Other assets, net and Long-term debt
by $39 million, within the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 1, 2016. ASU  2015-15  became effective and was adopted by the Company in the September 2016 quarter on a retrospective
basis with no material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In September 2015, the FASB issued
ASU  2015-16  (ASC Topic 805),  Business Combinations Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . The amendments in this update require that an acquirer recognize measurement period
adjustments in the period in which the adjustments are determined. The income effects of such measurement period adjustments are to be recorded in the same period’s financial statements but calculated as if the accounting had been completed as
of the acquisition date. The impact of measurement period adjustments to earnings that relate to prior period financial statements are to be presented separately on the income statement or disclosed by line item. The amendments in this update are
for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. This ASU became effective and was adopted by the Company in the September 2016 quarter on a prospective basis with no material impact
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-18  (ASC Topic 230),  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash . The amendments in this update provide guidance on the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash
flows. The ASU requires amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents to be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the total beginning and ending balances for the periods presented on the statement
of cash flows. The amendments in this update are for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company elected to adopt this ASU in the December 2016 quarter on a retrospective
basis with no material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. The Company classifies restricted cash within Other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-04  (ASC Topic 350),  Intangibles—Goodwill and Other:
Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment . The amendments in this ASU eliminate Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test, which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge.
Instead, entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit’s carrying amount over its fair value, determined in step 1. The Company elected to adopt this ASU in the March 2017 quarter on a prospective basis with
no material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-15  (ASC Topic 230 ), Statement of Cash Flows—Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The amendments in this ASU are intended to clarify how certain cash receipts and cash payment
are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The Company elected to adopt this ASU in the June 2017 quarter on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance had no material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements and disclosures.  
      60  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2. Balance Sheet Information  
 Investments    The following
table summarizes, by major type, the fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s investments as of June 30, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Unrealized Gain/ (Loss) 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Available-for-sale 
securities: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
      
 $ 
 594 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 594 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
      
   
 584 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 584 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 1,178 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Included in Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,174 
   
 
   Included in Other current assets 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   As of June 30, 2017, the Company’s Other current assets included $4 million in restricted cash
and investments held as collateral at banks for various performance obligations.    As of June 30, 2017, the Company had no material  available-for-sale  securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. The Company determined no  available-for-sale  securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 30, 2017.  
 The fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s investments classified as  available-for-sale  at June 30, 2017 by remaining contractual maturity was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Due in less than 1 year 
      
 $ 
 1,178 
   
    
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
   Due in 1 to 5 years 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Due in 6 to 10 years 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Thereafter 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 1,178 
   
    
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Equity securities which do not have a contractual maturity date are not included in the above table.  
      61  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Company reclassified demand deposits from certificates of deposit and money market funds
to cash as of July 1, 2016 in the table below to conform to the current year’s presentation. This reclassification did not result in any change to the cash and cash equivalents balance as reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and
Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented.    The following table summarizes, by major type, the fair value and amortized cost of
the Company’s investments as of July 1, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Unrealized Gain/ (Loss) 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Available-for-sale 
securities: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
      
 $ 
 232 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 232 
   
 
   Corporate bonds 
      
   
 6 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Certificates of deposit 
      
   
 5 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 243 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 243 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Included in Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 230 
   
 
   Included in Short-term investments 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Included in Other current assets 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 7 
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 243 
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   As of July 1, 2016, the Company’s Other current assets included $7 million in restricted cash
and investments held as collateral at banks for various performance obligations.    As of July 1, 2016, the Company had no  available-for-sale  securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. The Company determined no  available-for-sale  securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of July 1, 2016.  
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash  
 The following table provides a summary of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the Consolidated Balance Sheets that
reconciles to the corresponding amount in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
 
                     
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   
    
 June 27, 2014 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 $ 
 2,539 
   
    
 $ 
 1,125 
   
    
 $ 
 2,479 
   
    
 $ 
 2,634 
   
 
   Restricted cash included in Other current assets 
      
   
 4 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the Statements of Cash Flows 
      
 $ 
 2,543 
   
    
 $ 
 1,132 
   
    
 $ 
 2,486 
   
    
 $ 
 2,638 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Accounts Receivable, net  
 The following table provides details of the accounts receivable, net balance sheet item:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
   Accounts receivable 
      
 $ 
 1,204 
   
    
 $ 
 1,327 
   
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
      
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 (9 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
 $ 
 1,199 
   
    
 $ 
 1,318 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      62  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Charges (Credit) to Operations 
   
    
 Deductions  (a) 
   
    
 Balance at End of Period 
   


 
   Fiscal year ended July 3, 2015 
      
 $ 
 12 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 9 
   
 
   Fiscal year ended July 1, 2016 
      
 $ 
 9 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
 $ 
 9 
   
 
   Fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 
      
 $ 
 9 
   
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 5 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.    Inventories  
 The following table provides details of the inventory balance sheet item: 
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
   Raw materials and components 
      
 $ 
 350 
   
    
 $ 
 307 
   
 
 
 Work-in-process 
      
   
 257 
   
    
   
 297 
   
 
   Finished goods 
      
   
 375 
   
    
   
 264 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
 $ 
 982 
   
    
 $ 
 868 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, net  
 The components of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Useful Life in Years 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
   Land and land improvements 
      
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 54 
   
    
 $ 
 69 
   
 
   Equipment 
      
   
 3 – 5 
   
    
   
 7,536 
   
    
   
 7,681 
   
 
   Buildings and leasehold improvements 
      
   
 Up to 30 
   
    
   
 1,899 
   
    
   
 1,900 
   
 
   Construction in progress 
      
 
 
 
    
   
 144 
   
    
   
 234 
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
   
 9,633 
   
    
   
 9,884 
   
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
      
 
 
 
    
   
 (7,758 
 )  
    
   
 (7,724 
 )  
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,875 
   
    
 $ 
 2,160 
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense, which includes amortization of leasehold improvements, was $581 million,
$641 million and $689 million for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest on borrowings related to eligible capital expenditures is capitalized as part of the cost of the qualified assets and amortized over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. During fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company capitalized interest of $4 million, $13 million and $15 million, respectively.  
 In fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the Company determined it would discontinue the use of certain manufacturing property and equipment in the
short-term, and that certain other buildings, land and manufacturing property and equipment were permanently impaired. As a result, the Company recognized charges of $72 million and $53 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively,
from the  write-off  and accelerated depreciation of these fixed assets, included $35 million impairment on land and buildings in fiscal year 2017, classified as held for sale under Other current assets in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Please refer to Note 9.  Fair Value  for more details. In fiscal year 2017, total charges of $35 million, $35 million and $2 million was recorded to Cost of revenue, Product development and
Marketing and administrative, respectively, in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. In fiscal year 2016, the entire amount was recorded in Cost of revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company did not record any material
impairment in fiscal year 2015.  
      63  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Accrued Expenses  
 The following table provides details of the accrued expenses balance sheet item:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
   Dividends payable 
    
 $ 
 184 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Other accrued expenses 
    
   
 466 
   
    
   
 444 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 650 
   
    
 $ 
 444 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (“AOCI”)  
 The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges 
   
   
 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Marketable Securities
 (a) 
   
    
 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Post- Retirement Plans 
   
   
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at July 3, 2015 
    
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (15 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (30 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 3 
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at July 1, 2016 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 8 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 30, 2017 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The cost of a security sold or the amount reclassified out of AOCI into earnings was determined using the specific identification method.  
   
 
 
 3. 
 Acquisitions    Dot Hill Systems Corp.  
 On October 6, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Dot Hill Systems Corp. (“Dot Hill”), a supplier of
software and hardware storage systems. The Company paid $9.75 per share, or $674 million, in cash for the acquisition. The acquisition of Dot Hill further expands the Company’s
 OEM-focused  cloud storage systems business and advances the Company’s strategic efforts.  
      64  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amount 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 $ 
 40 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
      
   
 48 
   
 
   Inventories 
      
   
 21 
   
 
   Other current and  non-current  assets 
      
   
 7 
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
      
   
 10 
   
 
   Intangible assets 
      
   
 252 
   
 
   Goodwill 
      
   
 364 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
      
   
 742 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 
      
   
 (68 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
      
   
 (68 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 674 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
   The following table shows the fair value of the separately identifiable intangible assets at the time of
acquisition and the period over which each intangible asset will be amortized:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Amortization Period 
   


 
   Existing technology 
      
 $ 
 164 
   
    
   
 5.0 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
      
   
 71 
   
    
   
 7.0 years 
   
 
   Trade names 
      
   
 3 
   
    
   
 5.0 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total amortizable intangible assets acquired 
      
   
 238 
   
    
   
 5.5 years 
   
 
   In-process  research and development 
      
   
 14 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 
      
 $ 
 252 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The recognized goodwill, which is not deductible for income tax purposes, is primarily attributable to cost
synergies expected to arise after the acquisition and the benefits the Company expects to derive from enhanced market opportunities.    The
expenses related to the acquisition of Dot Hill for the fiscal year ended July 1, 2016, which are included within Marketing and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, are not significant.  
 The amounts of revenue and earnings of Dot Hill included in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations from the acquisition date
were not significant.    LSI’s Flash Business  
 On September 2, 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of LSI Corporation’s (“LSI”)
Accelerated Solutions Division and Flash Components Division (collectively, the “Flash Business”) from Avago Technologies Limited for $450 million in cash. The transaction is intended to strengthen Seagate’s strategy to deliver a
full suite of storage solutions, providing Seagate with established enterprise PCIe flash and SSD controller capabilities to deliver solutions for the growing flash storage market.  
      65  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amount 
   


 
   Inventories 
      
 $ 
 37 
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
      
   
 22 
   
 
   Intangible assets 
      
   
 141 
   
 
   Other assets 
      
   
 6 
   
 
   Goodwill 
      
   
 337 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
      
   
 543 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
      
   
 (93 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
      
   
 (93 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 450 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
   The following table shows the fair value of the separately identifiable intangible assets at the time of
acquisition and the weighted-average period over which intangible assets within each category will be amortized:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Amortization Period 
   


 
   Existing technology 
      
 $ 
 84 
   
    
   
 3.5 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
      
   
 40 
   
    
   
 3.8 years 
   
 
   Trade names 
      
   
 17 
   
    
   
 4.5 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 
      
 $ 
 141 
   
    
   
 3.7 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to the benefits the Company expects to derive from enhanced
market opportunities, and is not deductible for income tax purposes.    The Company incurred approximately $1 million of expenses
related to the acquisition of LSI’s Flash Business in fiscal year 2015, which are included within Marketing and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
 The amounts of revenue and earnings of LSI’s Flash Business included in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations from the
acquisition date through the end of fiscal year ended July 3, 2015 were not significant.      
 
 
 4. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    Goodwill  
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amount 
   


 
   As of July 3, 2015 
      
 $ 
 874 
   
 
   Goodwill acquired 
      
   
 364 
   
 
   Goodwill disposed 
      
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation effect 
      
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   As of July 1, 2016 
      
 $ 
 1,237 
   
 
   Goodwill acquired 
      
   
 —   
   
 
   Goodwill disposed 
      
   
 —   
   
 
   Foreign currency translation effect 
      
   
 1 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   As of June 30, 2017 
      
 $ 
 1,238 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
   Other Intangible Assets  
 Other intangible assets consist primarily of existing technology, customer relationships and trade names acquired in business combinations.
During fiscal year 2017, the  in-process  research and development (“IPR&D”) of $14 million was completed and reclassified to existing technology. Intangibles are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives of the assets. Amortization is charged to Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      66  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, amortization expense for other intangible assets was
$168 million, $174 million and $152 million, respectively.    The carrying value of other intangible assets subject to
amortization, excluding fully amortized intangible assets, as of June 30, 2017, is set forth in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
    
 Net Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life 
   


 
   Existing technology 
      
 $ 
 280 
   
    
 $ 
 (112 
 )  
    
 $ 
 168 
   
    
   
 3.6 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
      
   
 487 
   
    
   
 (395 
 )  
    
   
 92 
   
    
   
 3.4 years 
   
 
   Trade name 
      
   
 27 
   
    
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 2.1 years 
   
 
   Other intangible assets 
      
   
 29 
   
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 2.6 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total amortizable other intangible assets 
      
 $ 
 823 
   
    
 $ 
 (542 
 )  
    
 $ 
 281 
   
    
   
 3.4 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The carrying value of other intangible assets subject to amortization, excluding fully amortized intangible
assets, as of July 1, 2016 is set forth in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
    
 Net Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life 
   


 
   Existing technology 
      
 $ 
 297 
   
    
 $ 
 (79 
 )  
    
 $ 
 218 
   
    
   
 4.1 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
      
   
 510 
   
    
   
 (328 
 )  
    
   
 182 
   
    
   
 3.2 years 
   
 
   Trade name 
      
   
 29 
   
    
   
 (14 
 )  
    
   
 15 
   
    
   
 2.6 years 
   
 
   Other intangible assets 
      
   
 29 
   
    
   
 (10 
 )  
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 3.2 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total amortizable other intangible assets 
      
 $ 
 865 
   
    
 $ 
 (431 
 )  
    
 $ 
 434 
   
    
   
 3.6 years 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The carrying value of IPR&D not subject to amortization was $14 million on July 1, 2016.  
 As of June 30, 2017, expected amortization expense for other intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter is as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Amount 
   


 
   2018 
      
 $ 
 108 
   
 
   2019 
      
   
 71 
   
 
   2020 
      
   
 53 
   
 
   2021 
      
   
 25 
   
 
   2022 
      
   
 17 
   
 
   Thereafter 
      
   
 7 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
 
      
 $ 
 281 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
     
 
 
 5. 
 Restructuring and Exit Costs    During fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recorded restructuring charges of $178 million, $175 million and $32 million, respectively, comprised primarily of charges related to workforce reduction costs and facility exit costs associated with restructuring of its workforce
during each fiscal year. The Company’s significant restructuring plans are described below. All restructuring charges are reported in Restructuring and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 March 2017 Plan— On March 9, 2017, the Company committed to an additional restructuring plan (the “March 2017 Plan”)
in connection with the continued consolidation of its global footprint. The Company closed its design center in Korea, resulted in the reduction of the Company’s headcount by approximately 300 employees. The March 2017 Plan was largely
completed by the end of fiscal year 2017. In addition, the Company committed to sell its land and building in Korea as part of the plan. This land and building met the criteria to be classified as assets held for sale and were included in Other
current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2017. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $26 million as part of the fair value measurement to reduce the carrying amount of its land and building to its estimated
fair value less costs to sell, which is included in Operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      67  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  July 2016 Plan— On July 11, 2016, the Company committed to a restructuring
plan (the “July 2016 Plan”) for continued consolidation of its global footprint across Asia, EMEA and the Americas. The July 2016 Plan included reducing worldwide headcount by approximately 6,500 employees. The July 2016 Plan, was largely
completed by the end of fiscal year 2017.    June 2016 Plan— On June 27, 2016, the Company committed to a restructuring plan
(the “June 2016 Plan”) as part of the Company’s efforts to reduce its cost structure to align with the then current macroeconomic conditions. The June 2016 Plan included reducing worldwide headcount by approximately 1,600 employees.
The June 2016 Plan was largely completed by the fiscal quarter ended December 30, 2016 with no material future costs expected to be incurred.  
 The following table summarizes the Company’s restructuring activities under all of the Company’s active restructuring plans for
fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
 
 
   
   
 March 2017 Plan 
   
   
 July 2016 Plan 
   
   
 June 2016 Plan 
   
   
 Other Plans 
   
   
   
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   All Restructuring Activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accrual balances at June 27, 2014 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2 
   
   
 $ 
 12 
   
   
 $ 
 14 
   
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 23 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 30 
   
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrual balances at July 3, 2015 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 19 
   
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 69 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 82 
   
   
   
 24 
   
   
   
 175 
   
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (89 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (131 
 )  
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrual balances at July 1, 2016 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 45 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 63 
   
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 28 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 167 
   
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (33 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (198 
 )  
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrual balances at June 30, 2017 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 22 
   
   
 $ 
 2 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 13 
   
   
 $ 
 43 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs incurred to date as of June 30, 2017 
   
 $ 
 29 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 79 
   
   
 $ 
 20 
   
   
 $ 
 68 
   
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 158 
   
   
 $ 
 49 
   
   
 $ 
 407 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expected costs to be incurred as of June 30, 2017 
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 13 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 21 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Of the accrued restructuring balance of $43 million at June 30, 2017, $38 million is included
in Accrued expenses and $5 million is included in Other  non-current  liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Of the accrued restructuring balance of approximately $63 million at
July 1, 2016, $61 million is included in Accrued expenses and $2 million is included in Other  non-current  liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
      68  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 6. 
 Debt    Short-Term Borrowings  
 The credit agreement entered into by the Company and its subsidiary Seagate HDD Cayman on January 18, 2011 and subsequently amended (the
“Revolving Credit Facility”) provides the Company with a $700 million senior secured revolving credit facility. The term of the Revolving Credit Facility is through January 15, 2020, provided that if the Company does not
have Investment Grade Ratings (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) on August 15, 2018, then the maturity date will be August 16, 2018 unless certain extension conditions have been satisfied. The loans made under the Revolving
Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus a variable margin that will be determined based on the corporate credit rating of the Company. The Company and certain of its material subsidiaries fully and unconditionally guarantee the
Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility is available for cash borrowings, subject to compliance with certain covenants and other customary conditions to borrowing, and for the issuance of letters of credit up to a  sub-limit  of $75 million.    The Revolving Credit Facility, as amended, includes three financial
covenants: (1) minimum cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; (2) a fixed charge coverage ratio; and (3) a net leverage ratio. On April 27, 2016, the Revolving Credit Agreement was amended in order to increase the
allowable net leverage ratio to allow for higher net leverage levels. The Company was in compliance with the modified covenants as of June 30, 2017 and expects to be in compliance for the next 12 months.  
 As of June 30, 2017, no borrowings had been drawn or letters of credit utilized under the Revolving Credit Facility.  
 Long-Term Debt  
 $800  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 3.75% Senior Notes due November  2018 (the “2018
Notes”).  On November 5, 2013, Seagate HDD Cayman, issued $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.75% Senior Notes, which mature on November 15, 2018, in a private placement. The interest on the Notes is payable
semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The Notes are redeemable at the option of Seagate HDD Cayman in whole or in part, on not less than 30, nor more than 60 days’ notice, at a “make-whole” premium redemption
price. The “make-whole” premium redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining schedule payments of principal and
interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted at the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable Treasury rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any will be paid to, but excluding, the
redemption date. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company on a senior unsecured basis. During fiscal year 2017, the Company repurchased $90 million aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Notes for cash at a premium to
their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $3 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 $600  million   Aggregate Principal Amount of   6.875%   Senior Notes due May 2020 (the “2020
Notes”).  On   May 13, 2010, the Company’s subsidiary, Seagate HDD Cayman, completed the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes, in a private placement exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The obligations under the 2020 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the 2020 Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1
and November 1 of each year. The 2020 Notes were redeemable any time prior to May 1, 2015 at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount plus an “applicable premium” and
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The “applicable premium” was equal to the greater of (1) 1% of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes, or (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value of the
redemption price on May 1, 2015 plus interest payments due through May 1, 2015, discounted at the applicable Treasury rate as of the redemption date plus 50 basis points; over (b) the principal amount of such note. The 2020 Notes are
redeemable at any time on or after May 1, 2015 at various prices expressed as a percentage of principal amount, as set forth in the indentures, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The issuer under the 2020 Notes is
Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2020 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2015, the 2020 Notes were fully extinguished through repurchase and redemption for
cash at a premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $26 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Operations.  
      69  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  $600  million   Aggregate Principal Amount of   7.00% 
 Senior Notes due November 2021 (the  “ 2021 Notes ” ).  On   May 18, 2011, the Company’s subsidiary, Seagate HDD Cayman, completed the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of the
2021 Notes, in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The obligations under the 2021 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The
interest on the 2021 Notes is payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The 2021 Notes are redeemable any time prior to May 1, 2016 at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at a redemption price of 100% of
the principal amount plus an “applicable premium” and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The “applicable premium” will be equal to the greater of (1) 1% of the principal amount of the 2021 Notes, or
(2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value of the redemption price on May 1, 2016 plus interest payments due through May 1, 2016, discounted at the applicable Treasury rate as of the redemption date plus 50 basis points;
over (b) the principal amount of such note. The 2021 Notes are redeemable at any time on or after May 1, 2016 at various prices expressed as a percentage of principal amount, as set forth in the indentures, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to the redemption date. In addition, any time before May 1, 2014, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the principal amount with the net cash proceeds from permitted sales of the Company’s stock at a redemption price of
107% of the principal amount plus accrued interest to the redemption date. The issuer under the 2021 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman and the obligations under the 2021 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the
Company. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, the Company repurchased $1 million and $93 million, respectively, aggregate principal amount of its 2021 Notes for cash at a premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
For fiscal year 2016, the loss recorded on the repurchase was immaterial and for fiscal year 2015, the Company recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $13 million, which were included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated
Statement of Operations. During fiscal year 2017, the 2021 Notes were fully extinguished through redemption for cash at a premium to their principal amount of $158 million, plus accrued and unpaid interest. For fiscal year 2017, the Company
recorded a loss on the redemption of approximately $5 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
 $750  million Aggregate Principal Amount of  4.25%  Senior Notes due March  2022 (the “2022
Notes”).  On February 3, 2017, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $750 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.25% Senior Notes which will mature on March 1, 2022. The interest on the 2022 Notes is payable
semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2017. At any time before February 1, 2022, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at a “make whole” redemption
price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The “make-whole” redemption price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2022 Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 40 basis points, minus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, on the 2022 Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (b) the principal amount of the 2022 Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2022 Notes being redeemed
to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2022 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company.  
 $1  billion   Aggregate Principal Amount of   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 (the “2023 Notes”).
 On   May 22, 2013, Seagate HDD Cayman, issued $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes, which mature on June 1, 2023, in a private placement. The obligations under the 2023 Notes are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the 2023 Notes is payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2023 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company in whole or
in part, on not less than 30, nor more than 60 days’ notice, at a “make-whole” premium redemption price. The “make-whole” redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being
redeemed, or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2023 Notes being redeemed, discounted at the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable
Treasury rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to, but excluding, the redemption date. During fiscal year 2016, the Company repurchased $10 million aggregate principal amount of its 2023 Notes for
cash at a discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The gain recorded on the repurchase was immaterial, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations. During fiscal year 2017,
the Company repurchased $39 million aggregate principal amount of its 2023 Notes for cash at a premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The loss recorded on the repurchase was immaterial, which is included in Other,
net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.    $500  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.875%
Senior Notes due March  2024 (the “2024 Notes”).  On February 3, 2017, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes which will mature on
March 1, 2024. The interest on the 2024 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2017. At any time before January 1, 2024, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all
of the 2024 Notes at a “make whole” redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The “make-whole” redemption price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes redeemed, plus
(2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2024 Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the
sum of the Treasury Rate plus 45 basis points, minus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2024 Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (b) the principal amount of the 2024 Notes being redeemed, plus
(3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2024 Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2024 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2024 Notes are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company.  
      70  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  $1  billion Aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due
January 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) . On May 28, 2014, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2025, which mature on January 1, 2025. The interest
on the Notes will be payable in cash semiannually on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on January 1, 2015. At any time, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, Seagate HDD may redeem some or all of the
Notes at a “make-whole” redemption price. The “make-whole” redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be
paid to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company on a senior unsecured basis. During fiscal year 2016, the Company repurchased $5 million aggregate principal amount of its 2025 Notes
for cash at a discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The gain recorded on the repurchase was immaterial, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations. During fiscal year
2017, the Company repurchased $20 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes for cash at a discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a gain on the repurchase of approximately
$1 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 $700  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due June, 2027 (the “2027 Notes”) . On
May 14, 2015, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes, which mature on June 1, 2027. The interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on June 1 and
December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2015. At any time before March 1, 2027, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all of the Notes at a “make-whole” redemption price. The “make-whole” redemption
price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any of (x) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed,
discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 40 basis points, minus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over
(y) the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after March 1, 2027, the Company may redeem some
or all of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2027 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the
obligations under the 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2017, the Company repurchased $4 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes for cash at a
discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded an immaterial gain on the repurchase, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 $500  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 5.75% Senior Notes due December, 2034 (the “2034 Notes”) . On
December 2, 2014, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% Senior Notes, which mature on December 1, 2034. The interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on June 1
and December 1 of each year, commencing on June 1, 2015. At any time before June 1, 2034, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all of the Notes at a “make-whole” redemption price. The “make-whole” redemption price
will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any of (x) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted
to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, minus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (y) the
principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after June 1, 2034, the Company may redeem some or all of the
Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2034 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations
under the 2034 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2016, the Company repurchased $10 million aggregate principal amount of its 2034 Notes for cash at a discount to
their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a gain on the repurchase of approximately $3 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
      71  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  At June 30, 2017, future principal payments on long-term debt were as follows (in
millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   Fiscal Year 
      
 Amount 
   


 
   2018 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   2019 
      
   
 710 
   
 
   2020 
      
   
 —   
   
 
   2021 
      
   
 —   
   
 
   2022 
      
   
 750 
   
 
   Thereafter 
      
   
 3,613 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
 $ 
 5,073 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
     
 
 
 7. 
 Income Taxes    The provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following:
     
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Current income tax expense (benefit): 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   U.S. State 
      
   
 1 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
      
   
 39 
   
    
   
 25 
   
    
   
 222 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Current 
      
   
 40 
   
    
   
 28 
   
    
   
 226 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred income tax expense (benefit): 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
      
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   U.S. State 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Non-U.S. 
      
   
 8 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 10 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred 
      
   
 3 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
      
 $ 
 43 
   
    
 $ 
 26 
   
    
 $ 
 228 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Income (loss) before income taxes consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   U.S. 
      
 $ 
 (22 
 )  
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 101 
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
      
   
 837 
   
    
   
 274 
   
    
   
 1,869 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
 $ 
 815 
   
    
 $ 
 274 
   
    
 $ 
 1,970 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company recorded no excess tax benefits associated with stock option deductions in fiscal year 2017. The
Company recorded $0.6 million and $2.0 million of excess tax benefits associated with stock option deductions in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      72  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrued warranty 
      
 $ 
 85 
   
    
 $ 
 74 
   
 
   Inventory carrying value adjustments 
      
   
 43 
   
    
   
 32 
   
 
   Receivable allowance 
      
   
 19 
   
    
   
 11 
   
 
   Accrued compensation and benefits 
      
   
 99 
   
    
   
 85 
   
 
   Depreciation 
      
   
 109 
   
    
   
 173 
   
 
   Restructuring accruals 
      
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 14 
   
 
   Other accruals and deferred items 
      
   
 51 
   
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Net operating losses and tax credit carry-forwards 
      
   
 1,224 
   
    
   
 1,252 
   
 
   Other assets 
      
   
 11 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
      
   
 1,640 
   
    
   
 1,693 
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
      
   
 (966 
 )  
    
   
 (984 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
      
   
 674 
   
    
   
 709 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unremitted earnings of certain  non-U.S.  entities 
      
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Acquisition-related items 
      
   
 (65 
 )  
    
   
 (92 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
      
   
 (72 
 )  
    
   
 (103 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred taxes on intra-entity transactions 
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total net deferred tax assets 
      
 $ 
 604 
   
    
 $ 
 606 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   As Reported on the Balance Sheet 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
      
 $ 
 609 
   
    
 $ 
 616 
   
 
   Other  non-current  liabilities 
      
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 (10 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total net deferred income taxes 
      
 $ 
 604 
   
    
 $ 
 606 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The deferred tax asset valuation allowance decreased by $18 million in fiscal year 2017 and increased by
$55 million and $41 million in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively.    At June 30, 2017, the Company recorded
$602 million of net deferred tax assets, excluding $2 million of deferred taxes on intra-entity transactions. The realization of most of these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on the Company’s ability to generate sufficient
U.S. and certain  non-U.S.  taxable income in future periods. Although realization is not assured, the Company’s management believes it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be
realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, may increase or decrease in subsequent periods when the Company reevaluates the underlying basis for its estimates of future U.S. and certain
 non-U.S.  taxable income.    At June 30, 2017, the Company had U.S. federal, state and  non-U.S.  tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $3.4 billion, $2.0 billion and $173 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal year 2018, if not
utilized. Net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $68 million are scheduled to expire in fiscal year 2018. At June 30, 2017, the Company had U.S. federal and state tax credit carryforwards of $444 million and
$105 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal year 2018, if not utilized.    As of June 30,
2017, approximately $560 million and $101 million of the Company’s total U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, respectively, are subject to annual limitations ranging from $1 million to $45 million pursuant
to U.S. tax law.  
      73  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  For purposes of the reconciliation between the provision for (benefit from) income taxes at
the statutory rate and the effective tax rate, the Irish statutory rate of 25% was applied as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Provision at statutory rate 
      
 $ 
 204 
   
    
 $ 
 69 
   
    
 $ 
 493 
   
 
   Net U.S. federal and state income taxes 
      
   
 1 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 7 
   
 
   Permanent differences 
      
   
 19 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
      
   
 (11 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 15 
   
 
   Non-U.S.  losses with no tax benefits 
      
   
 17 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Non-U.S.  earnings taxed at other than statutory
rate 
      
   
 (186 
 )  
    
   
 (37 
 )  
    
   
 (463 
 )  
 
   Audit assessment 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 173 
   
 
   Reversal of previously recorded taxes 
      
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Other individually immaterial items 
      
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
      
 $ 
 43 
   
    
 $ 
 26 
   
    
 $ 
 228 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A substantial portion of the Company’s operations in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand operate under
various tax holiday programs, which expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2024. Certain tax holidays may be extended if specific conditions are met. The net impact of these tax holiday programs was to increase the Company’s net
income by approximately $163 million in fiscal year 2017 ($0.54 per share, diluted), to increase the Company’s net income by approximately $67 million in fiscal year 2016 ($0.22 per share, diluted), and to increase the Company’s
net income by approximately $349 million in fiscal year 2015 ($1.05 per share, diluted).    The Company consists of an Irish tax
resident parent holding company with various U.S. and  non-U.S.  subsidiaries that operate in multiple  non-Irish  taxing jurisdictions. The amount of temporary differences
(including undistributed earnings) related to outside basis differences in the stock of  non-Irish  resident subsidiaries considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland for which Irish income taxes have
not been provided as of June 30, 2017, was approximately $1.5 billion. If such amount were remitted to Ireland as a dividend, it is likely that tax at 25%, or approximately $375 million would result.  
 As of June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016, the Company had approximately $74 million and $76 million, respectively, of
unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate are $74 million and $76 million as of June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016,
respectively, subject to certain future valuation allowance offsets.    The following table summarizes the activity related to the
Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year 
      
 $ 
 76 
   
    
 $ 
 89 
   
    
 $ 
 120 
   
 
   Gross increase for tax positions of prior years 
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 12 
   
 
   Gross decrease for tax positions of prior years 
      
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (8 
 )  
    
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Gross increase for tax positions of current year 
      
   
 16 
   
    
   
 11 
   
    
   
 9 
   
 
   Gross decrease for tax positions of current year 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Settlements 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (45 
 )  
 
   Lapse of statutes of limitation 
      
   
 (13 
 )  
    
   
 (27 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Non-U.S.  exchange (gain)/loss 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year 
      
 $ 
 74 
   
    
 $ 
 76 
   
    
 $ 
 89 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   It is the Company’s policy to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal year 2017, the Company recognized net income tax benefit for interest and penalties of $1 million, as compared to net income tax benefit of $8 million
during fiscal year 2016, and income tax expense of $26 million during fiscal year 2015. As of June 30, 2017, the Company had $4 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits compared to $6 million
in fiscal year 2016.  
      74  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  During the 12 months beginning July 1, 2017, the Company expects that its
unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by approximately $14 million as a result of the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.  
 The Company is required to file U.S. federal, U.S. state and  non-U.S.  income tax returns. The Company
is no longer subject to examination of its U.S. federal income tax returns for years prior to fiscal year 2014. With respect to U.S. state and  non-U.S.  income tax returns, the Company is generally no longer
subject to tax examination for years ending prior to fiscal year 2006.      
 
 
 8. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments    The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange
rate, interest rate, and to a lesser extent, equity market risks relating to its ongoing business operations. The Company enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts in order to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk on
forecasted expenses denominated in foreign currencies. The Company’s accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are classified as designated or  non-designated  hedging
instruments. The Company records all derivatives in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The changes in the fair value of the effective portions of designated cash flow hedges are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the
hedged item is recognized in earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings. The Company has no outstanding cash flow hedges as of
June 30, 2017. The amount of net unrealized loss on cash flow hedges was $2 million as of July 1, 2016.    The Company  de-designates  its cash flow hedges when the forecasted hedged transactions are realized or it is probable the forecasted hedged transactions will not occur in the initially identified time period. At such time, the
associated gains and losses deferred in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified immediately into earnings and any subsequent changes in the fair value of such derivative instruments are immediately reflected in earnings. The Company
did not recognize any net gains or losses related to the loss of hedge designation on discontinued cash flow hedges during fiscal year 2017 and did not recognize any material amounts during fiscal years 2016 and 2015.  
 As of June 30, 2017, the Company does not have outstanding foreign currency forward exchange contracts. The following tables show the
total notional value of the Company’s outstanding foreign currency forward exchange contracts as of July 1, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 As of July 1, 2016 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Contracts Designated as Hedges 
   
    
 Contracts Not Designated as Hedges 
   


 
   British Pound Sterling 
      
 $ 
 47 
   
    
 $ 
 10 
   
   The Company is subject to equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments
selected by its employees as part of its  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan—the Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan (the “SDCP”). In fiscal year 2014, the Company entered into a Total
Return Swap (“TRS”) in order to manage the equity market risks associated with the SDCP liabilities. The Company pays a floating rate, based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to
substantially offset changes in the SDCP liability due to changes in the value of the investment options made by employees. As of June 30, 2017, the notional investments underlying the TRS amounted to $105 million. The contract term of the
TRS is through January 2018 and is settled on a monthly basis, therefore limiting counterparty performance risk. The Company did not designate the TRS as a hedge. Rather, the Company records all changes in the fair value of the TRS to earnings to
offset the market value changes of the SDCP liabilities.  
      75  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  As of June 30, 2017, the Company has no outstanding foreign currency forward exchange
contracts and the gross fair value of the TRS reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is immaterial.    The following tables show the
Company’s derivative instruments measured at gross fair value as reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 1, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 As of July 1, 2016 
   
 
   
      
 Derivative Assets 
   
    
 Derivative Liabilities 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
      
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
      
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Total return swap 
      
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total derivatives 
      
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 3 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The following tables show the effect of the Company’s derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statement
of Comprehensive Income and the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
 Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 
      
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivatives (Effective Portion) 

   
    
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI
into Income (Effective Portion) 
   
    
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI
into Income (Effective Portion) 
   
    
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives (Ineffective Portion
and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
   
    
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion
and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing)  (a) 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
      
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
    
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
     
 


 
 
 
                          
 
 
                          
 
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
      
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
    
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
      
 Other, net 
    
 $ 
 1 
   
 
   Total return swap 
      
 Operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 10 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The amounts of gain or (loss) recognized in income related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationships and to the amount excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were less than $1 million for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017.    The following tables show the effect of the Company’s derivative instruments
on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended July 1, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
 Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 
      
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivatives (Effective Portion) 

   
    
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI
into Income (Effective Portion) 
   
    
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI
into Income (Effective Portion) 
   
    
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income
on Derivatives (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
   
    
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion
and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing)  (a) 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
      
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 Cost of revenue 
 
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
     
 


 
 
 
                          
 
 
                          
 
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
      
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
    
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
      
 Other, net 
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
 
   Total return swap 
      
 Operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The amounts of gain or (loss) recognized in income related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationships and to the amount excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were less than $1 million for the
fiscal year ended July 1, 2016.  
      76  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 9. 
 Fair Value    Measurement of Fair Value  
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would
transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.    Fair Value Hierarchy
   A fair value hierarchy is based on whether the market participant assumptions used in determining fair value are obtained from
independent sources (observable inputs) or reflects the Company’s own assumptions of market participant valuation (unobservable inputs). A financial instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:    Level 1
— Quoted prices in active markets that are unadjusted and accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;  
 Level 2 — Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are inactive; quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets or financial instruments for which significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly; or  
 Level 3 — Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.  
 The Company considers an active market to be one in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume
to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis, and views an inactive market as one in which there are few transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or price quotations vary substantially either over time or among
market makers. Where appropriate the Company’s or the counterparty’s  non-performance  risk is considered in determining the fair values of liabilities and assets, respectively.  
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
 The following table presents the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding accrued
interest components, as of June 30, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
      
 $ 
 592 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 592 
   
 
   Time deposits 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 582 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 582 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash equivalents and short-term investments 
      
   
 592 
   
    
   
 582 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,174 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Restricted cash and investments: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
      
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
      
 $ 
 593 
   
    
 $ 
 585 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      77  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 $ 
 592 
   
    
 $ 
 582 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,174 
   
 
   Other current assets 
      
   
 1 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
      
 $ 
 593 
   
    
 $ 
 585 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,178 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company reclassified demand deposits from certificates of deposit and money market funds to cash as of
July 1, 2016 in the table below to conform to the current year’s presentation. This reclassification did not result in any change to the cash and cash equivalents balance as reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of
Cash Flows for all periods presented.    The following tables present the Company’s assets and liabilities, by financial instrument
type and balance sheet line item that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding accrued interest components, as of July 1, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
      
 $ 
 230 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 230 
   
 
   Corporate bonds 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash equivalents and short-term investments 
      
   
 230 
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 236 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Restricted cash and investments: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Certificates of deposit 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5 
   
 
   Derivative assets 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
      
 $ 
 232 
   
    
 $ 
 14 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 246 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      78  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
      
 $ 
 230 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 230 
   
 
   Short-term investments 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Other current assets 
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
      
 $ 
 232 
   
    
 $ 
 14 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 246 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
      
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company classifies items in Level 1 if the financial assets consist of securities for which quoted
prices are available in an active market.    The Company classifies items in Level 2 if the financial asset or liability is valued
using observable inputs. The Company uses observable inputs including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets include: agency bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper, municipal bonds, U.S. Treasuries,
time deposits and certificates of deposit. These debt investments are priced using observable inputs and valuation models which vary by asset class. The Company uses a pricing service to assist in determining the fair values of all of its cash
equivalents and short-term investments. For the cash equivalents and short-term investments in the Company’s portfolio, multiple pricing sources are generally available. The pricing service uses inputs from multiple industry standard data
providers or other third party sources and various methodologies, such as weighting and models, to determine the appropriate price at the measurement date. The Company corroborates the prices obtained from the pricing service against other
independent sources and, as of June 30, 2017, has not found it necessary to make any adjustments to the prices obtained. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are also classified within Level 2. The Company’s derivative
financial instruments consist of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the TRS. The Company recognizes derivative financial instruments in its consolidated financial statements at fair value. The Company determines the fair value of these
instruments by considering the estimated amount it would pay or receive to terminate these agreements at the reporting date.    As of
June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016, we had no Level 3 assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a  Non-Recurring  Basis  
 From time to time, the Company enters into certain strategic investments for the promotion of business and strategic objectives. These
strategic investments primarily include cost basis investments representing those where the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence as well as equity method investments representing those where the Company does have the
ability to exercise significant influence but does not have control. These investments are included in Other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and are periodically analyzed to determine whether or not there are indicators of
impairment. The carrying value of the Company’s strategic investments at June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016 totaled $125 million and $113 million, respectively, and consisted primarily of privately held equity securities without
a readily determinable fair value.    During the fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company determined that certain of its equity
investments accounted for under the cost method were other-than-temporarily impaired, and recognized charges of $25 million, $13 million and $7 million, respectively, in order to write down the carrying amount of the investments to
its estimated fair value. Since there was no active market for the equity securities of the investee, the Company estimated fair value of the investee by analyzing the underlying cash flows and future prospects of the investee. These amounts were
recorded in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    In connection with the Company’s manufacturing footprint
reduction, the Company has $77 million held for sale assets included in Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2017. These assets primarily consisted of $37 million of land and building in Korea and
$26 million of land and building in China, with the remainder of the balance comprised of property at other locations (collectively, the “properties”). The respective properties to be sold met the criteria to be classified as held for
sale during the June 2017 and March 2017 quarters. Depreciation related to the properties ceased as of the date these were determined to be held for sale. During fiscal year 2017, the Company recorded impairment charges of $35 million in order
to write down the carrying amount of such properties to their estimated fair values less costs to sell. The impairment charges were recorded in Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The fair values were measured with the
assistance of third-party valuation models which used inputs such as market comparable data for similar land sale transactions adjusted for difference to indicate value of the subject properties and the cost approach valuation techniques for
buildings as part of the analysis. The fair value measurement was categorized as Level 3 as significant unobservable inputs were used in the valuation analysis.  
      79  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Other Fair Value Disclosures  
 The Company’s debt is carried at amortized cost. The fair value of the Company’s debt is derived using the closing price of the same
debt instruments as of the date of valuation, which takes into account the yield curve, interest rates and other observable inputs. Accordingly, these fair value measurements are categorized as Level 2. The following table presents the
fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s debt in order of maturity:     
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   


 
   3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 
      
 $ 
 710 
   
    
 $ 
 726 
   
    
 $ 
 800 
   
    
 $ 
 804 
   
 
   7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 158 
   
    
   
 164 
   
 
   4.250% Senior Notes due March 2022 
      
   
 748 
   
    
   
 765 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 
      
   
 951 
   
    
   
 987 
   
    
   
 990 
   
    
   
 857 
   
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due March 2024 
      
   
 497 
   
    
   
 511 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 
      
   
 975 
   
    
   
 984 
   
    
   
 995 
   
    
   
 795 
   
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due June 2027 
      
   
 695 
   
    
   
 698 
   
    
   
 698 
   
    
   
 514 
   
 
   5.75% Senior Notes due December 2034 
      
   
 489 
   
    
   
 488 
   
    
   
 489 
   
    
   
 357 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
      
   
 5,065 
   
    
   
 5,159 
   
    
   
 4,130 
   
    
   
 3,491 
   
 
   Less: debt issuance costs 
      
   
 (44 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (39 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
      
 $ 
 5,021 
   
    
 $ 
 5,159 
   
    
 $ 
 4,091 
   
    
 $ 
 3,491 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 10. 
 Shareholders’ Equity    Share Capital  
 The Company’s authorized share capital is $13,500 and consists of 1,250,000,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.00001, of which 291,799,561
shares were outstanding as of June 30, 2017, and 100,000,000 preferred shares, par value $0.00001, of which none were issued or outstanding as of June 30, 2017.  
 Ordinary shares— Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by the Company’s board of
directors (the “Board of Directors”). Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, after required payments are made to holders of preferred shares, any remaining assets of the Company will be distributed ratably to
holders of the preferred and ordinary shares. Holders of shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters upon which the ordinary shares are entitled to vote, including the election of directors.  
 Preferred shares— The Company may issue preferred shares in one or more series, up to the authorized amount, without shareholder
approval. The Board of Directors is authorized to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any of its
qualifications, limitations or restrictions. The Board of Directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of a series, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by the
shareholders.    The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred shares with voting or conversion rights that could harm the
voting power or other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares. The issuance of preferred shares, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company and might harm the market price of its ordinary shares and the voting and other rights of the holders of ordinary shares.  
 Repurchases of Equity Securities  
 On April 22, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $2.5 billion of its outstanding ordinary
shares.  
      80  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with the Company’s Articles
of Association.    As of June 30, 2017, $1.3 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase authorization
limit.    The following table sets forth information with respect to repurchases of the Company’s ordinary shares during fiscal years
2017, 2016 and 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   (In millions) 
      
 Number of Shares Repurchased 
   
    
 Dollar Value of Shares Repurchased 
   


 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 27, 2014 
      
   
 285 
   
    
 $ 
 7,398 
   
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2015 
      
   
 19 
   
    
   
 1,087 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cumulative repurchased through July 3, 2015 
      
   
 304 
   
    
   
 8,485 
   
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2016  (a) 
      
   
 24 
   
    
   
 1,146 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cumulative repurchased through July 1, 2016 
      
   
 328 
   
    
   
 9,631 
   
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2017  (a) 
      
   
 13 
   
    
   
 487 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 30, 2017 
      
   
 341 
   
    
 $ 
 10,118 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 For fiscal years 2017 and 2016, including net share settlement of $27 million and $56 million, for 1 million and 1 million shares in connection with tax withholding related to vesting of restricted
stock units, respectively.  
      81  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 11. 
 Share-based Compensation    Share-Based Compensation Plans  
 The Company’s share-based compensation plans have been established to promote the Company’s long-term growth and financial success by
providing incentives to its employees, directors, and consultants through grants of share-based awards. The provisions of the Company’s share-based benefit plans, which allow for the grant of various types of equity-based awards, are also
intended to provide greater flexibility to maintain the Company’s competitive ability to attract, retain and motivate participants for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders.  
 Seagate Technology plc 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the “EIP”).  On October 26, 2011, the shareholders approved the EIP
and authorized the issuance of up to a total of 27.0 million ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, plus any shares remaining available for grant under the Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan (the “SCP”) as of
the effective date of the EIP (which was equal to 11.0 million ordinary shares as of the effective date of the EIP and which will increase by such additional number of shares as will be returned to the share reserve in respect of awards
previously granted under the SCP) (together, the “Share Reserve”). On October 22, 2014, the shareholders authorized the issuance from the EIP of an additional 25 million ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share. Any shares
that are subject to options or share appreciation rights granted under the EIP will be counted against the Share Reserve as one share for every one share granted, and any shares that are subject to restricted share bonus awards, restricted share
units, performance share bonus awards or performance share awards (collectively, “Full-Value Share Awards”) will generally be counted against the Share Reserve as two and five-tenths shares for every one share granted. On October 19,
2016, the shareholders authorized the issuance from the EIP of an additional 7.5 million ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share. As of June 30, 2017, there were approximately 30.8 million ordinary shares available for issuance
under the EIP.    Dot Hill Systems 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the “DHEIP”) . Seagate Technology plc acquired the Dot Hill
Systems 2009 Equity Incentive Plan effective October 6, 2015. The Company assumed the remaining authorized but unused share reserve of approximately 2 million shares, based on the conversion ratio, from the DHEIP on the acquisition date.
Any shares that are subject to options or share appreciation rights granted under the DHEIP will be counted against the Share Reserve as one share for every one share granted, and any shares that are subject to restricted share bonus awards,
restricted share units, performance share bonus awards or performance share awards (collectively, “Full-Value Share Awards”) will generally be counted against the Share Reserve as one and five-tenths shares for every one share granted. As
of June 30, 2017, there were approximately 1 million ordinary shares available for issuance under the DHEIP.    Seagate
Technology  plc Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”).  There are 50.0 million ordinary shares authorized to be issued under the ESPP. The ESPP consists of a  six-month 
offering period with a maximum issuance of 1.5 million ordinary shares per offering period. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase ordinary shares through payroll deductions generally at 85% of the fair market value of the ordinary
shares. As of June 30, 2017 there were approximately 4.8 million ordinary shares available for issuance under the ESPP.  
 Equity Awards    Full-Value
Share Awards (e.g. restricted share units, “RSU”) generally vest over a period of three to four years, with cliff vesting of a portion of each award occurring annually, subject to continuous employment with the Company through the vesting
date. Options generally vest as follows: 25% of the options will vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining 75% will vest ratably each month thereafter over the next 36 months. Options granted under the EIP and
SCP have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the grant date. Fair market value is defined as the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares on NASDAQ on the grant date.  
 The Company granted awards of performance-based share units (“PSU”) to its senior executive officers under the SCP and the EIP where
vesting is subject to both the continued employment of the participant by the Company and the achievement of certain performance goals established by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, including market-based
performance goals. A single PSU represents the right to receive a single ordinary share of the Company. During fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company granted 0.6 million, 0.4 million and 0.3 million PSUs, respectively, where
performance is measured based on a three-year average return on invested capital (“ROIC”) goal and a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) goal, which is based on the Company’s ordinary shares measured against a
benchmark TSR of a peer group over the same three-year period (the “TSR/ROIC” awards). These awards vest after the end of the performance period of three years from the grant date. A percentage of these units may vest only if at least the
minimum ROIC goal is met regardless of whether the TSR goal is met. The number of share units to vest will range from 0% to 200% of the targeted units. In evaluating the fair value of these units, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation on the
grant date, taking the market-based TSR goal into consideration. Compensation expense related to these units is only recorded in a period if it is probable that the ROIC goal will be met, and it is to be recorded at the expected level of
achievement.  
      82  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Company also granted 0.2 million, 0.2 million and 0.4 million PSUs during
fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively, to its senior executive officers which are subject to a performance goal related to the Company’s adjusted earnings per share (the “AEPS” awards). These awards have a maximum seven-year
vesting period, with 25% annual vesting starting on the first anniversary of the grant date. If the performance goal is not achieved, vesting is delayed to a following year in which the AEPS goal is achieved. Any unvested awards from prior years may
vest cumulatively in a future year within the seven-year vesting period if the annual AEPS goal is achieved during a subsequent year. If the AEPS goal has not been met by the end of the seven year period, any unvested shares will be forfeited.  
 Determining Fair Value of Seagate Technology Stock Plans  
 Valuation and amortization method— The Company estimates the fair value of stock options, RSU and performance awards subject to an
AEPS condition granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model and a single share award approach. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting
period or the remaining service (vesting) period.    Expected Term— Expected term represents the period that the Company’s
share-based awards are expected to be outstanding and was determined based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the share-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee
behavior as influenced by changes to the terms of its share-based awards.    Expected Volatility— The Company uses a combination
of the implied volatility of its traded options and historical volatility of its share price.    Expected Dividend— The
Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model calls for a single expected dividend yield as an input. The dividend yield is determined by dividing the expected per share dividend during the coming year by the grant date share price. The expected dividend
assumption is based on the Company’s current expectations about its anticipated dividend policy. Also, because the expected dividend yield should reflect marketplace participants’ expectations, the Company does not incorporate changes in
dividends anticipated by management unless those changes have been communicated to or otherwise are anticipated by marketplace participants.  
 Risk-Free Interest Rate— The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model on the
implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury  zero-coupon  issues with an equivalent remaining term. Where the expected term of the Company’s share-based awards do not correspond with the terms for
which interest rates are quoted, the Company performed a straight-line interpolation to determine the rate from the available term maturities.  
      83  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The fair value of the Company’s shares related to options and RSU granted to employees,
shares issued from the ESPP and PSUs subject to TSR/ROIC or AEPS conditions for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 were estimated using the following assumptions:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Options 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 2.1 - 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 38 - 42 
 %  
   
   
 33 - 48 
 %  
   
   
 33 - 35 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
    
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.9 - 6.4 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 - 11.0 
 %  
   
   
 2.9 - 4.0 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 6.3 
 %  
   
   
 5.6 
 %  
   
   
 3.0 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.1 - 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 0.6 - 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 - 1.5 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 6.83 
   
   
 $ 
 12.28 
   
   
 $ 
 12.98 
   
 
   RSU 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.6 - 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 - 11.0 
 %  
   
   
 2.9% - 4.0 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 6.4 
 %  
   
   
 5.16 
 %  
   
   
 3.11 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 30.85 
   
   
 $ 
 41.47 
   
   
 $ 
 46.1 
   
 
   ESPP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 0.5 
   
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 36 - 49 
 %  
   
   
 28 - 46 
 %  
   
   
 28 - 29 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
    
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 5.6 - 7.8 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 - 8.3 
 %  
   
   
 3.0 - 3.8 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 6.8 
 %  
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.4 - 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 0.2 - 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 9.78 
   
   
 $ 
 9.08 
   
   
 $ 
 12.21 
   
 
   PSUs subject to market condition 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 3.0 
   
   
   
 3.0 
   
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 41 - 42 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
    
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 6.3 - 7.0 
 %  
   
   
 4.3 
 %  
   
   
 2.8 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 7.0 
 %  
   
   
 4.3 
 %  
   
   
 2.8 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.9 - 1.3 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 32.41 
   
   
 $ 
 47.34 
   
   
 $ 
 58.31 
   
 
   PSUs subject to an AEPS condition 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 5.9 - 6.4 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 - 7.3 
 %  
   
   
 3.0 - 4.0 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 5.9 
 %  
   
   
 3.3 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 31.61 
   
   
 $ 
 42.09 
   
   
 $ 
 46.52 
   
   Share-based Compensation Expense  
 The Company recorded $137 million, $120 million and $137 million of share-based compensation during fiscal years 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Management has made an estimate of expected forfeitures and is recognizing compensation costs only for those equity awards expected to vest. When estimating forfeitures, the Company considers voluntary termination behavior as
well as analysis of actual forfeited awards.  
      84  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Stock Option Activity  
 The Company issues new ordinary shares upon exercise of stock options. The following is a summary of option activities: 
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   Options 
      
 Number of Shares 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
   
 
   
      
 (In millions) 
   
    
   
   
    
 (In years) 
   
    
 (Dollars in millions) 
   


 
   Outstanding at July 1, 2016 
      
   
 5.4 
   
    
 $ 
 34.91 
   
    
   
 4.6 
   
    
 $ 
 14 
   
 
   Granted 
      
   
 2.3 
   
    
 $ 
 36.78 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
      
   
 (1.6 
 )  
    
 $ 
 19.87 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeitures 
      
   
 (0.3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 41.07 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Expirations 
      
   
 (0.1 
 )  
    
 $ 
 47.66 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at June 30, 2017 
      
   
 5.7 
   
    
 $ 
 39.24 
   
    
   
 5.0 
   
    
 $ 
 22 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Vested and expected to vest at June 30, 2017 
      
   
 5.5 
   
    
 $ 
 39.28 
   
    
   
 5.0 
   
    
 $ 
 21 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercisable at June 30, 2017 
      
   
 2.1 
   
    
 $ 
 39.82 
   
    
   
 3.6 
   
    
 $ 
 12 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying
awards and the quoted price of the Company’s ordinary shares for the options that were  in-the-money  at June 30, 2017. During fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015,
the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under the Company’s stock option plans was $29 million, $44 million and $92 million, respectively, determined as of the date of option exercise. The aggregate fair value of
options vested during fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $15 million, $18 million and $10 million, respectively.  
 At June 30, 2017, the total compensation cost related to options granted to employees but not yet recognized was approximately
$25 million, net of estimated forfeitures of approximately $1 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of approximately 2.5 years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in
estimated forfeitures.    Nonvested Awards Activity  
 The following is a summary of nonvested award activities which do not contain a performance condition:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   Nonvested Awards 
      
 Number of Shares 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Grant- Date Fair Value 
   
 
   
      
 (In millions) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Nonvested at July 1, 2016 
      
   
 4.8 
   
    
 $ 
 39.95 
   
 
   Granted 
      
   
 3.1 
   
    
 $ 
 30.85 
   
 
   Forfeitures 
      
   
 (0.7 
 )  
    
 $ 
 39.72 
   
 
   Vested 
      
   
 (2.0 
 )  
    
 $ 
 37.02 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested at June 30, 2017 
      
   
 5.2 
   
    
 $ 
 35.75 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   At June 30, 2017, the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards granted to employees but not
yet recognized was approximately $135 million, net of estimated forfeitures of approximately $8 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of 2.6 years and will be adjusted for
subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. The aggregate fair value of nonvested awards vested during fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $73 million, $102 million and $156 million, respectively.  
      85  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Performance Awards  
 The following is a summary of nonvested award activities which contain a performance condition: 
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   Performance Awards 
      
 Number of Shares 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Grant- Date Fair Value 
   
 
   
      
 (In millions) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Performance units at July 1, 2016 
      
   
 1.4 
   
    
 $ 
 47.41 
   
 
   Granted 
      
   
 0.8 
   
    
 $ 
 32.16 
   
 
   Forfeitures 
      
   
 (0.3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 41.06 
   
 
   Vested 
      
   
 (0.4 
 )  
    
 $ 
 41.91 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Performance units at June 30, 2017 
      
   
 1.5 
   
    
 $ 
 41.88 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   At June 30, 2017, the total compensation cost related to performance awards granted to employees but not
yet recognized was approximately $36 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of 3.29 years.  
 ESPP    During fiscal years
2017, 2016 and 2015, the aggregate intrinsic value of shares purchased under the Company’s ESPP was approximately $24 million, $12 million and $15 million, respectively. At June 30, 2017, the total compensation cost related
to options to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares under the ESPP but not yet recognized was approximately $1.7 million. This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately one month.
During fiscal year 2017, the Company issued 2.0 million ordinary shares with a weighted-average purchase price of $26.68 per share.  
 Tax-Deferred  Savings Plan  
 The Company has a  tax-deferred  savings plan, the Seagate 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) plan”), for
the benefit of qualified employees. The  401(k) plan is designed to provide employees with an accumulation of funds at retirement. Qualified employees may elect to make contributions to the 401(k) plan on a
 bi-weekly  basis. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, the Company matches 50% of employee contributions, up to 6% of compensation, subject to maximum annual contributions of $4,500 per participating employee. During
fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company made matching contributions of $18 million, $19 million and $18 million, respectively.  
 Deferred Compensation Plan  
 On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted the SDCP for the benefit of eligible employees. This plan is designed to permit certain
discretionary employer contributions, in excess of the tax limits applicable to the 401(k) plan and to permit employee deferrals in excess of certain tax limits. During fiscal year 2014, the Company entered into a TRS in order to manage the equity
market risks associated with the SDCP liabilities. See “Note 8. Derivative Financial Instruments” contained in this report for additional information about the TRS.  
      86  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 12. 
 Earnings Per Share    The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
net income per share:     
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share data) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Numerator: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
      
 $ 
 772 
   
    
 $ 
 248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,742 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total shares for purposes of calculating basic net income per share 
      
   
 296 
   
    
   
 299 
   
    
   
 324 
   
 
   Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee equity award plans 
      
   
 3 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 7 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total shares for purpose of calculating diluted net income per share 
      
   
 299 
   
    
   
 302 
   
    
   
 331 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
 $ 
 2.61 
   
    
 $ 
 0.83 
   
    
 $ 
 5.38 
   
 
   Diluted 
      
 $ 
 2.58 
   
    
 $ 
 0.82 
   
    
 $ 
 5.26 
   
   The following potential shares were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as their
effect would have been anti-dilutive:     
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (In millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Employee equity award plans 
      
   
 1 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
     
 
 
 13. 
 Business Segment and Geographic Information    The Company has concluded that its
manufacture and distribution of storage solutions constitutes one reporting segment. The Company’s manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various storage and systems solutions that serve multiple
applications and markets. The Company’s main technology platforms are primarily focused around areal density of media and read/write head technologies. In addition, the Company also invests in certain other technology platforms including
motors, servo formatting read/write channels, solid state and other technologies. The Company has determined that its Chief Executive Officer is the Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) as he is responsible for reviewing
and approving investments in the Company’s technology platforms and manufacturing infrastructure.    In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and
2015, Dell Inc. accounted for approximately 10%, 12% and 14% of consolidated revenue, respectively. In fiscal year 2015, Hewlett-Packard Company accounted for approximately 12% of consolidated revenue. In fiscal year 2016, HP Inc., formerly known as
Hewlett-Packard Company, completed its separation with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, and each company accounted for less than 10% of our consolidated revenue in both fiscal year 2016 and 2017. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of
consolidated revenue in any year presented.    Other long-lived assets consist of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, other
intangible assets, capital leases, equity investments and other  non-current  assets as recorded by the Company’s operations in each area.  
      87  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table summarizes the Company’s operations by geographic area: 
   
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Revenue from external customers  (a) : 

      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Singapore 
      
 $ 
 5,070 
   
    
 $ 
 5,354 
   
    
 $ 
 6,844 
   
 
   United States 
      
   
 3,535 
   
    
   
 3,376 
   
    
   
 3,929 
   
 
   The Netherlands 
      
   
 1,501 
   
    
   
 1,813 
   
    
   
 2,291 
   
 
   Other 
      
   
 665 
   
    
   
 617 
   
    
   
 675 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated 
      
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 13,739 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets: 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
      
 $ 
 920 
   
    
 $ 
 1,029 
   
    
 $ 
 725 
   
 
   Singapore 
      
   
 683 
   
    
   
 726 
   
    
   
 900 
   
 
   Thailand 
      
   
 414 
   
    
   
 349 
   
    
   
 328 
   
 
   Malaysia 
      
   
 100 
   
    
   
 201 
   
    
   
 248 
   
 
   China 
      
   
 61 
   
    
   
 115 
   
    
   
 138 
   
 
   Other 
      
   
 202 
   
    
   
 444 
   
    
   
 568 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated 
      
 $ 
 2,380 
   
    
 $ 
 2,864 
   
    
 $ 
 2,907 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Revenue is attributed to countries based on the shipping location.      
 
 
 14. 
 Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies    The Company assesses the probability of an
unfavorable outcome of all its material litigation, claims, or assessments to determine whether a liability had been incurred and whether it is probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of the loss. In the event that an
unfavorable outcome is determined to be probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company establishes an accrual for the litigation, claim or assessment. In addition, in the event an unfavorable outcome is determined to be
less than probable, but reasonably possible, the Company will disclose an estimate of the possible loss or range of such loss; however, when a reasonable estimate cannot be made, the Company will provide disclosure to that effect. Litigation is
inherently uncertain and may result in adverse rulings or decisions. Additionally, the Company may enter into settlements or be subject to judgments that may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially.    Intellectual Property Litigation  
 Convolve,  Inc. (“Convolve”) and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (“MIT”) v. Seagate
Technology  LLC, et al. -On July 13, 2000, Convolve and MIT filed suit against Compaq Computer Corporation and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging
infringement of U.S. Patent No. 4,916,635 (the “‘635 patent”) and U.S. Patent No. 5,638,267 (the “‘267 patent”), misappropriation of trade secrets, breach of contract, and other claims. On January 16,
2002, Convolve filed an amended complaint, alleging defendants infringe U.S. Patent No. 6,314,473 (the “‘473 patent”). The district court ruled in 2010 that the ‘267 patent was out of the case.  
 On August 16, 2011, the district court granted in part and denied in part the Company’s motion for summary judgment. On July 1,
2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit: 1) affirmed the district court’s summary judgment rulings that Seagate did not misappropriate any of the alleged trade secrets and that the asserted claims of the ‘635 patent
are invalid; 2) reversed and vacated the district court’s summary judgment of  non-infringement  with respect to the ‘473 patent; and 3) remanded the case for further proceedings on the
‘473 patent. On July 11, 2014, the district court granted the Company’s further summary judgment motion regarding the ‘473 patent. On February 10, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit: 1) affirmed the
district court’s summary judgment of no direct infringement by Seagate because Seagate’s ATA/SCSI disk drives do not meet the “user interface” limitation of the asserted claims of the ‘473 patent; 2) affirmed the district
court’s summary judgment of  non-infringement  by Compaq’s products as to claims 1, 3, and 5 of the ‘473 patent because Compaq’s F10 BIOS interface does not meet the “commands”
limitation of those claims; 3) vacated the district court’s summary judgment of  non-infringement  by Compaq’s accused products as to claims  7-15  of the
‘473 patent; 4) reversed the district court’s summary judgment of  non-infringement  based on intervening rights; and 5) remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings on the ‘473
patent. In view of the rulings made by the district court and the Court of Appeals and the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any, that could be awarded Convolve in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible
to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  
      88  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Alexander Shukh v. Seagate Technology -On February 12, 2010, Alexander Shukh
filed a complaint against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota, alleging, among other things, employment discrimination and wrongful failure to name him as an inventor on certain Seagate patents. On March 31,
2014, the district court granted Seagate’s summary judgment motion. Mr. Shukh filed a notice of appeal on April 7, 2014. On October 2, 2015, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the district
court’s grant of summary judgment on Mr. Shukh’s claim for correction of inventorship and affirmed the district court’s grant of summary judgment as to all other claims. On October 29, 2015, Mr. Shukh filed a petition
for rehearing en banc with the court of appeals; the petition was denied on December 17, 2015. On March 16, 2016, Shukh filed a petition for writ of certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court; the petition was denied on June 27, 2016. On
March 30, 2017, the parties entered into a confidential settlement to resolve this matter. This settlement did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  
 Enova Technology Corporation v. Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc., et al. -On June 5, 2013, Enova Technology Corporation
(“Enova”) filed a complaint against Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc. and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,136,995 (the
“‘995 patent”), “Cryptographic Device,” and U.S. Patent No. 7,900,057 (the “‘057 patent”), “Cryptographic Serial ATA Apparatus and Method.” The Company believes the claims are without merit
and intends to vigorously defend this case. On April 27, 2015, the district court ordered a stay of the case, in view of proceedings regarding the ‘995 and ‘057 patents before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”)
of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. On September 2, 2015, PTAB issued its final written decision that claims  1-15  of the ‘995 patent are held unpatentable. On December 18, 2015, PTAB
issued its final written decisions that claims  1-32  and  40-53  of the ‘057 patent are held unpatentable. On February 4, 2016, PTAB issued its final written
decision that claims  33-39  of the ‘057 patent are held unpatentable. Enova has appealed PTAB’s decisions on the ‘995 patent and the ‘057 patent to the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Federal Circuit. Oral argument for the appeal from PTAB’s decision on the ‘995 patent was held on March 13, 2017, at the court of appeals. On March 20, 2017, the court of appeals issued its judgment affirming PTAB’s
decision on the ‘995 patent. Oral argument before the court of appeals for the appeal from PTAB’s decision on the ‘057 patent is scheduled for August 11, 2017. In view of the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any,
that could be awarded in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  
 Lambeth Magnetic Structures LLC v. Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc., et al. -On April 29, 2016, Lambeth Magnetic Structures
LLC filed a complaint against Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc. and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,128,988, “Magnetic Material
Structures, Devices and Methods.” The Company believes the claims asserted in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this case. In view of the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any, that could be awarded
in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  
 Environmental Matters  
 The Company’s operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including
those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of the Company’s operations require environmental permits and controls
to prevent and reduce air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities.  
 The Company has established environmental management systems and continually updates its environmental policies and standard operating
procedures for its operations worldwide. The Company believes that its operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. The Company budgets for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to
comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on the Company in the future, it could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures.  
 Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the
“Superfund” law) and its state equivalents, can impose liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether
the owner or operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. The Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at several sites. At each of these sites,
the Company has an assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable parties. The Company has fulfilled its responsibilities at
some of these sites and remains involved in only a few at this time.  
      89  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  While the Company’s ultimate costs in connection with these sites is difficult to
predict with complete accuracy, based on its current estimates of cleanup costs and its expected allocation of these costs, the Company does not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material.  
 The Company may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those
restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products. For example, the European Union (“EU”) enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which prohibits the
use of certain substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives and server storage products, put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the
United States, Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts substances of very high concern
(“SVHCs”) in products. If the Company or its suppliers fails to comply with the substance restrictions, recycle requirements or other environmental requirements as they are enacted worldwide, it could have a materially adverse effect on
the Company’s business.    Other Matters  
 The Company is involved in a number of other judicial and administrative proceedings incidental to its business, and the Company may be
involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business in the future. Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements may occur, the Company believes that the final disposition of such matters will not have a
material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.      
 
 
 15. 
 Commitments    Leases . The Company leases certain property, facilities and
equipment under  non-cancelable  lease agreements. Land and facility leases expire at various dates through 2082 and contain various provisions for rental adjustments including, in certain cases, a provision
based on increases in the Consumer Price Index. Also, certain leases provide for renewal of the lease at the Company’s option at expiration of the lease. The lease term begins on the date of initial possession of the leased property for
purposes of recognizing lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Company does not assume renewals in its determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured at lease inception. All of
the leases require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and normal maintenance costs which are expensed as incurred.    Future
minimum lease payments for operating leases (including accrued lease payments relating to restructuring plans) with initial or remaining terms of one year or more were as follows at June 30, 2017 (lease payments are shown net of sublease
income):      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   Fiscal Years Ending 
      
 Operating Leases 
   
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
      
   
   


 
   2018 
      
 $ 
 19 
   
 
   2019 
      
   
 15 
   
 
   2020 
      
   
 11 
   
 
   2021 
      
   
 9 
   
 
   2022 
      
   
 6 
   
 
   Thereafter 
      
   
 75 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
 
 
      
 $ 
 135 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
   Total rent expense for all land, facility and equipment operating leases, net of sublease income, was
$29 million, $43 million and $50 million for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total sublease rental income for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $2 million, $3 million and $3 million, respectively. The
Company subleases a portion of its facilities that it considers to be in excess of current requirements. As of June 30, 2017, total future lease income to be recognized for the Company’s existing subleases is approximately $9 million
   Capital Expenditures . The Company’s  non-cancelable  commitments for construction
of manufacturing and product development facilities and purchases of equipment approximated $107 million at June 30, 2017.  
 Unconditional Purchase Obligations. During fiscal year 2017, the Company had unconditional long-term purchase obligations of approximately
$1.1 billion in the aggregate, of which $900 million in the aggregate remains outstanding as of June 30, 2017, to purchase minimum quarterly amounts of inventory components at fixed and variable prices. The Company expects the commitment to total
$375 million, $350 million and $175 million for fiscal years 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively with no remaining commitment thereafter.  
      90  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 16. 
 Guarantees    Indemnifications to Officers and Directors  
 On May 4, 2009, Seagate Technology, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands
(“Seagate-Cayman”), then the parent company, entered into a new form of indemnification agreement (the “Revised Indemnification Agreement”) with its officers and directors of Seagate-Cayman and its subsidiaries (each, an
“Indemnitee”). The Revised Indemnification Agreement provides indemnification in addition to any of Indemnitee’s indemnification rights under Seagate-Cayman’s Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise, and indemnifies
an Indemnitee for certain expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Seagate-Cayman or any
of its subsidiaries, arising out of his or her service as a director, officer, employee or agent of Seagate-Cayman or any of its subsidiaries or of any other entity to which he or she provides services at Seagate-Cayman’s request. However, an
Indemnitee shall not be indemnified under the Revised Indemnification Agreement for (i) any fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Indemnitee’s duty to Seagate-Cayman or the applicable subsidiary of Seagate-Cayman or
(ii) Indemnitee’s conscious, intentional or willful failure to act honestly, lawfully and in good faith with a view to the best interests of Seagate-Cayman or the applicable subsidiary of Seagate-Cayman. In addition, the Revised
Indemnification Agreement provides that Seagate-Cayman will advance expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in connection with enforcement of the Revised Indemnification Agreement or with the investigation, settlement or appeal of any action or
proceeding against him or her as to which he or she could be indemnified.    On July 3, 2010, pursuant to a corporate reorganization,
the common shareholders of Seagate-Cayman became ordinary shareholders of Seagate Technology plc (the “Company”) and Seagate-Cayman became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as described more fully in the Current Report on Form  8-K  filed by the Company on July 6, 2010 (the “Redomestication”). On July 27, 2010, in connection with the Redomestication, the Company, as sole shareholder of Seagate-Cayman, approved a form of
deed of indemnity (the “Deed of Indemnity”), which provides for the indemnification by Seagate-Cayman of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, Seagate-Cayman or any subsidiary of the Company (each, a “Deed
Indemnitee”), in addition to any of a Deed Indemnitee’s indemnification rights under the Company’s Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise, with a similar scope to the Revised Indemnification Agreement. Seagate-Cayman
entered into the Deed of Indemnity with certain Deed Indemnitees effective as of July 3, 2010 and continues to enter into the Deed of Indemnity with additional Deed Indemnitees from time to time.  
 The nature of these indemnification obligations prevents the Company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount it
could be required to pay on behalf of its officers and directors. Historically, the Company has not made any significant indemnification payments under such agreements and no amount has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.    Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations  
 The Company has entered into agreements with customers and suppliers that include limited intellectual property indemnification obligations
that are customary in the industry. These guarantees generally require the Company to compensate the other party for certain damages and costs incurred as a result of third party intellectual property claims arising from these transactions. The
nature of the intellectual property indemnification obligations prevents the Company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount it could be required to pay to its customers and suppliers. Historically, the Company has not made
any significant indemnification payments under such agreements and no amount has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.  
      91  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Product Warranty  
 The Company estimates probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. The Company generally warrants its products for a
period of 1 to 5 years. The Company uses estimated repair or replacement costs and uses statistical modeling to estimate product return rates in order to determine its warranty obligation. Changes in the Company’s product warranty liability
during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2017, July 1, 2016 and July 3, 2015 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
 
                          
 
 
   
      
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (In millions) 
      
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Balance, beginning of period 
      
 $ 
 206 
   
    
 $ 
 248 
   
    
 $ 
 273 
   
 
   Warranties issued 
      
   
 131 
   
    
   
 125 
   
    
   
 147 
   
 
   Repairs and replacements 
      
   
 (114 
 )  
    
   
 (152 
 )  
    
   
 (187 
 )  
 
   Changes in liability for  pre-existing  warranties,
including expirations 
      
   
 10 
   
    
   
 (17 
 )  
    
   
 7 
   
 
   Warranty liability assumed from acquisitions 
      
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 8 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
      
 $ 
 233 
   
    
 $ 
 206 
   
    
 $ 
 248 
   
 
 
      
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 17. 
 Subsequent Events    July 2017 Restructuring Plan  
 On July 25, 2017, the Company committed to an additional restructuring plan (the “July 2017 Plan”) to reduce its cost structure.
The July 2017 Plan included reducing the Company’s global headcount by approximately 600 employees. The July 2017 Plan, which the Company expects to be substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, is expected to
result in  total pre-tax charges  of approximately $50 million, primarily in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. These charges are expected to be comprised of cash expenditures on severance and
employee-related costs.    Planned Leadership Transition  
 On July 25, 2017 the Company’s Board of Directors appointed William D. Mosley to serve as Chief Executive Officer, of the Company
effective October 1, 2017. The Board of Directors also appointed Mr. Mosley to serve as a director of the Company, effective July 25, 2017. Mr. Mosley will serve as a director until the Company’s next annual general meeting
of shareholders when he is expected to stand for election by a vote of the Company’s shareholders. On July 25, 2017, the Company also announced that Stephen J. Luczo will step down from his position as Chief Executive Officer,
effective October 1, 2017. Mr. Luczo will remain with the Company in the role of Executive Chairman effective October 1, 2017 and will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors.  
 As previously announced on June 2, 2017, Philip G. Brace, President of Cloud Systems and Silicon group, will be leaving the Company. On
July 20, 2017, the Company and Mr. Brace agreed that the effective date of his departure will be October 2, 2017.  
 Dividend Declared    On
July 25, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors approved and declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.63 per share, which will be payable on October 4, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 20,
2017.  
      92  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
   The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Seagate Technology public limited company  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Seagate Technology public limited company (plc) as of June 30, 2017 and
July 1, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2017. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of Seagate Technology plc at June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2017, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Seagate Technology plc’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated August 4, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP  
 San Jose, California    August 4, 2017  
      93  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Seagate Technology public limited company  
 We have audited Seagate Technology public limited company (plc)’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017,
based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Seagate Technology plc’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our opinion, Seagate Technology plc
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017, based on the COSO criteria.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets of Seagate Technology plc as of June 30, 2017 and July 1, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended June 30, 2017 and our report dated August 4, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/
ERNST & YOUNG LLP    San Jose, California  
 August 4, 2017  
      94  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
 For quarterly financial data see “Part II, Item 6. Selected Financial Data.”  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 Not applicable.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    Conclusions Regarding Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer have concluded, based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in  Rules 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) by our management, with the participation
of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2017.  
 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in  Rules 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO.    Based on our evaluation under the 2013 framework in  Internal
Control—Integrated Framework , our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2017. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30,
2017 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements included in this Form  10-K,  as stated in their report that is
included herein.    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  
 Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls have been designed to provide
reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Seagate have been
detected. An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of June 30, 2017. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance
level.      
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION    Not applicable.  
      95  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART III      
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    The information regarding our
directors and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, set forth in the sections entitled “Proposal 1—Election of Directors,” “Corporate Governance” and “Section 16(A)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to
 Form 10-K  are hereby incorporated by reference in this section. In addition, the information set forth in Part I of this report under “Item 1. Business—Executive Officers” is also
incorporated by reference in this section.    We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the Chief Executive officer, the Chief
Financial Officer, and the principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. This Code of Ethics is available on our Website. The Internet address for our Website is  www.seagate.com , and the Code of Ethics
may be found from our main Web page by clicking first on “Investors,” next on “Corporate Governance” and then on “Code of Ethics.”  
 We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of  Form 8-K  regarding an
amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Ethics by posting such information on our Website, at the Internet address and location specified above.      
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    The information regarding executive compensation required by
this Item 11 set forth in the section entitled “Compensation of Named Executive Officers” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General
Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.      
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 The information regarding security ownership beneficial owners and management and related shareholders and equity compensation plans required
by this Item 12 set forth in the sections entitled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information,” respectively, in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the
Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    The
information regarding certain relationships, related transactions and director independence required by this Item 13 set forth in the section entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” in our Proxy Statement to be filed
with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES    The information regarding principal accountant
fees and services required by this Item 14 set forth in the section entitled “Fees of the Independent Auditors” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to
General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.  
 PART IV      
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report:    1.   Financial
Statements . The following Consolidated Financial Statements of Seagate Technology plc and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8:  
      96  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page No. 
   


 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 51 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
   
 52 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 53 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 54 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 55 
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 56 
   
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 93 
   
   2.   Financial Statement Schedules . All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable
or the required information is included in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 Exhibits . The information required by this Item is set forth on the Exhibit Index (following the Signatures section of this report) and is included, or incorporated by reference, in this Annual Report on Form  10-K.   
      97  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
 
   
 SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   /s/ STEPHEN J. LUCZO 
 
 Date: August 4, 2017 
   
 
   
 
   
   (Stephen J. Luczo, Chief Executive Officer, 
 Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
   POWER OF ATTORNEY  
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Stephen J. Luczo,
David H. Morton, Jr., and Katherine E. Schuelke, and each of them, as his true and lawful  attorneys-in-fact  and agents, with power to act with or without the others and
with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents and each of them may deem necessary or desirable to enable the registrant to comply with the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder in connection with the registrant’s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 (the “Annual Report”), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the name
of the registrant and the name of the undersigned, individually and in his capacity as a director or officer of the registrant, to the Annual Report as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, to any and all amendments thereto, and to
any and all instruments or documents filed as part thereof or in connection therewith; and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys and agents and each of them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
      98  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ STEPHEN J. LUCZO 
 (Stephen J. Luczo) 
    
   Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the 
 Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ DAVID H. MORTON, JR. 
 (David H. Morton, Jr.) 
    
   Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial 
 Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ WILLIAM D. MOSLEY 
 (William D. Mosley) 
    
 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ MARK W. ADAMS 
 (Mark W. Adams) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ FRANK J. BIONDI, JR. 
 (Frank J. Biondi, Jr.) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ MICHAEL R. CANNON 
 (Michael R. Cannon) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ MEI-WEI  CHENG 
 (Mei-Wei  Cheng) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ WILLIAM T. COLEMAN III 
 (William T. Coleman III) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ JAY L. GELDMACHER 
 (Jay L. Geldmacher) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ DAMBISA F. MOYO 
 (Dr. Dambisa F. Moyo) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ CHONG SUP PARK 
 (Dr. Chong Sup Park) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ STEPHANIE TILENIUS 
 (Stephanie Tilenius) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ EDWARD J. ZANDER 
 (Edward J. Zander) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 4, 2017 
 
      99  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     2.1 
    
 Scheme of Arrangement among Seagate Technology (“Seagate-Cayman”), Seagate Technology plc (“Seagate-Ireland”) and the Scheme Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Seagate
Technology’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 5, 2010) 
    
 DEF 14A 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 Annex A 
   
    
   
 3/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.1 
    
 Constitution of Seagate Technology Public Limited Company as amended and restated by Special Resolution dated October 19, 2016 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 3.10 
   
    
   
 10/24/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.2 
    
 Certificate of Incorporation of Seagate Technology plc 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 3.20 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.1 
    
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.2 
    
 Indenture dated September 20, 2006 among Seagate Technology, Seagate Technology HDD Holdings and U.S. Bank National Association 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 9/21/2006 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.3 
    
 Forms of Global Note for the Senior Notes due 2011 and Senior Notes due 2016 of Seagate Technology HDD Holdings issued pursuant to the Indenture 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 9/21/2006 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2010, among Seagate Technology HDD Holdings, Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, amending and supplementing the Indenture,
dated as of September 20, 2006, among Seagate Technology HDD Holdings, Seagate Technology and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.20 
   
    
   
 3/3/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.5 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/14/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.6 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Bank of America Securities LLC 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 5/14/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.7 
    
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 3, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology, as original guarantor, Seagate Technology plc, as successor guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
trustee, amending and supplementing the Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology, as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 7/6/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.8 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 18, 2011, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/18/2011 
   
    
 
      100  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9 
    
 Form of 7.000% Senior Note due 2021 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/18/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.10 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 5/18/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.11 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 22, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/22/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.12 
    
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2023 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/22/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 22, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 5/22/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.14 
    
 Indenture dated as of November 5, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 11/5/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.15 
    
 Form of 3.75% Senior Note due 2018 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 11/5/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.16 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of November 5, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 11/5/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.17 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 28, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/28/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.18 
    
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2025 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 5/28/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.19 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 28, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 5/28/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.20 
    
 Indenture dated as of December 2, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, the Company, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 12/2/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.21 
    
 Form of 5.75% Senior Note due 2034 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 12/2/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.22 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 2, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, the Company and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 12/2/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.23 
    
 Indenture for the 2022 Notes, dated as of February 3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
      101  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.24 
    
 Form of 4.250% Senior Note due 2022 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.25 
    
 Indenture for the 2024 Notes, dated as of February 3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.26 
    
 Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2024 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.30 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.27 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement for the 2022 Notes, dated as of February 3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.50 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.28 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement for the 2024 Notes, dated as of February 3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.60 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.29 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 14, 2015, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 05/14/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.30 
    
 Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2027 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 05/14/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.31 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 14, 2015 among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 05/14/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.1+ 
    
 Amended Seagate Technology plc 2001 Share Option Plan 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.2+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc 2001 Share Option Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Option Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.30 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.3+ 
    
 Amended Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.60 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.4+ 
    
 Seagate Technology 2004 Stock Compensation Plan Form of Option Agreement (For Outside Directors) 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.70 
   
    
   
 11/4/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.5+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Option Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.13 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.6+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Notice of Performance Share Bonus Grant and Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.16 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.7+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.19 
   
    
   
 11/3/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.8+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.56 
   
    
   
 10/27/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.9+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Seagate Technology plc 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 10/24/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.10+ 
    
 Form of Outside Directors Restricted Share Unit Agreement for Seagate Technology Public Limited Company pursuant to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.40 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
      102  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.11+ 
    
 Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement for Seagate Technology Public Limited Company pursuant to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.30 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.12+ 
    
 Form of Employee Restricted Share Unit Agreement for Seagate Technology Public Limited Company pursuant to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.20 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.13+ 
    
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement for Seagate Technology Public Limited Company pursuant to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.14+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.37 
   
    
   
 8/8/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.15+ 
    
 Dot Hill Systems Corp. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, as assumed by Seagate Technology PLC by Deed Poll on October 21, 2015 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 1/29/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.16+ 
    
 Dot Hill Systems Corp. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-13317 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 5/10/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17+ 
    
 Restated Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.27 
   
    
   
 5/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.18+ 
    
 First Amendment to Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.26 
   
    
   
 5/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.19+ 
    
 Second Amendment to Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.21 
   
    
   
 5/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.20+ 
    
 Third Amendment to Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q/A 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.56 
   
    
   
 1/31/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.21+ 
    
 Fourth Amendment to the Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.40 
   
    
   
 1/30/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.22+ 
    
 Seagate Deferred Compensation  Sub-Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.28 
   
    
   
 5/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23+ 
    
 2015 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.30 
   
    
   
 1/30/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.24+ 
    
 First Amendment to the 2015 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 10/30/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.25+ 
    
 Seagate Technology Amended and Restated Executive Officer Performance Bonus Plan 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 11/1/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.26+ 
    
 Fifth Amended and Restated Seagate Technology Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 8/8/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.27+ 
    
 Summary description of Seagate Technology plc’s Compensation Policy for  Non-Management  Members of the Board of Directors with an Effective date of October 30, 2013 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.46 
   
    
   
 8/7/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.28+ 
    
 Offer Letter, dated as of January 29, 2009, by and between Seagate Technology and Stephen J. Luczo 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.20 
   
    
   
 2/10/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.29+ 
    
 Offer letter, dated as of July 30, 2014, by and between Seagate Technology and Philip Brace 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 7/22/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30+ 
    
 Memo Agreement with Albert A. “Rocky” Pimentel dated January 27, 2016 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.20 
   
    
   
 1/29/2016 
   
    
 
      103  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
   
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.31(a) 
   
 Form of Revised Indemnification Agreement between Seagate Technology and the director or officer named therein 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.4 
 (b)  
   
   
 5/6/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.31(b) 
   
 Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Subsidiary parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
Administrative Agents 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
   
   
 7/29/2010 
   
    
 
      104  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.32 
    
 Second Priority Mortgage of Shares in Seagate Technology, dated March 1, 2010, between Seagate Technology plc, as mortgagor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as mortgagee 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.23 
   
    
   
 3/3/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.33 
    
 Deed Poll of Assumption by Seagate Technology plc, dated July 2, 2010 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.47 
   
    
   
 7/6/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.34 
    
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the lending institutions thereto, the Bank of Nova Scotia, as administrative agent, Merrill Lynch
Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated and BNP Paribas as Syndication agents and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.47 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.35 
    
 First Amendment, dated August 31, 2011, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.35 
   
    
   
 8/5/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.36 
    
 Second Amendment, dated April 30, 2013, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 5/24/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.37 
    
 Third Amendment, dated January 15, 2015, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 1/16/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.38 
    
 Fourth Amendment, dated April 28, 2016, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.10 
   
    
   
 4/29/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.39 
    
 U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.48 
   
    
   
 2/2/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.40 
    
 Supplement no. 1 dated February 7, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and
The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.45 
   
    
   
 8/8/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.41 
    
 Supplement no. 2 dated February 22, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and
The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.48 
   
    
   
 8/8/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.42 
    
 Supplement no. 3 dated March 19, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and The
Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.50 
   
    
   
 8/8/2012 
   
    
 
      105  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.43 
    
 First Amendment, dated April 30, 2013, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.20 
   
    
   
 5/2/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.44 
    
 U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.49 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.45 
    
 U.S. Pledge Agreement Dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Subsidiary Pledgor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative
Agent 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.52 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.46 
    
 Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Subsidiary parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
Administrative Agent 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.52 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.47 
    
 Supplement No. 1, dated February 7, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, The
Subsidiary Parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.46 
   
    
   
 8/8/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.48 
    
 Supplement No. 2, dated February 22, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, The
Subsidiary Parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.49 
   
    
   
 8/8/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.49 
    
 Supplement No. 3, dated March 19 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, The
Subsidiary Parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.51 
   
    
   
 8/8/2012 
   
    
 
      106  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by
Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing 
 Date 
   
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   21.1 
    
 List of Subsidiaries 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   24.1 
    
 Power of Attorney (see signature page to this annual report) 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to  rules 13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  rules 13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   32.1† 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  Rule 13a-14(b)  and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
     
 
 
 + 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
 
 
 † 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of Seagate Technology plc under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this
 Form 10-K,  irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  
      107  

 
 
 
