
 10-K
 1
 a2221037z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   PART IV 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 FORM 10-K   

 

 
 


  

 

    
  
 

 


 


   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Mark One) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014 
 
 
  OR 
 
 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the transition period
from                                  to      
                             
 
 
  Commission File No. 001-31560   
 
 
 
  
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Ireland 
   
 98-0648577 
 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 
 
 
  38/39 Fitzwilliam Square 
Dublin 2, Ireland   (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 
  Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (353) (1) 234-3136 
 
 
 
  
  


 
 


  

 

 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act:   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class  
   
 Name of Each Exchange 
on Which Registered  
 
 
 Ordinary Shares, par value $0.00001 per share 
   
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
 
 
 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None   

 

 
 


   

 

    


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. YES  ý     NO  o   

          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. YES  o     NO  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. YES  ý     NO  o   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  ý     NO  o   


          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
  Accelerated filer  o 
   
  Non-accelerated filer  o   (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company) 
   
  Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). YES  o     NO  ý   

          The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 27, 2013, the last business
day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $18.3 billion based upon the closing price reported for such date by the NASDAQ.  

          The
number of outstanding ordinary shares of the registrant as of July 25, 2014 was 326,812,299.  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

          Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the registrant's
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on October 22, 2014, will be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of
Part III. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the registrant's fiscal year ended June 27, 2014.  

 
   

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   


   

  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

   
   TABLE OF CONTENTS          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Item

 

  
   
   
   
 Page No.  
   
 
 
   
   
    PART I 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  1. 
   
 
  Business 
   
   
 
4 
   
 
 
 
  1A. 
   
 
  Risk Factors 
   
   
 
17 
   
 
 
 
  1B. 
   
 
  Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
   
 
36 
   
 
 
 
  2. 
   
 
  Properties 
   
   
 
37 
   
 
 
 
  3. 
   
 
  Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 
37 
   
 
 
 
  4. 
   
 
  Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
   
 
37 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
   PART II 
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  5. 
   
 
  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
   
 
38 
   
 
 
 
  6. 
   
 
  Selected Financial Data 
   
   
 
41 
   
 
 
 
  7. 
   
 
  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
   
 
43 
   
 
 
 
  7A. 
   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
   
 
60 
   
 
 
 
  8. 
   
 
  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
   
 
62 
   
 
 
 
  9. 
   
 
  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
   
 
116 
   
 
 
 
  9A. 
   
 
  Controls and Procedures 
   
   
 
116 
   
 
 
 
  9B. 
   
 
  Other Information 
   
   
 
116 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
   PART III 
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  10. 
   
 
  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
   
 
117 
   
 
 
 
  11. 
   
 
  Executive Compensation 
   
   
 
117 
   
 
 
 
  12. 
   
 
  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
   
 
117 
   
 
 
 
  13. 
   
 
  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
   
 
117 
   
 
 
 
  14. 
   
 
  Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
   
   
 
117 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
   PART IV 
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  15. 
   
 
  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
   
   
 
118 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
  SIGNATURES 
   
   
 
119 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
  EXHIBIT INDEX 
   
   
 
121 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  2 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

  PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION   

         In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Form 10-K"), unless the context indicates otherwise, as used herein, the terms
"we," "us," "Seagate," the "Company" and "our" refer to Seagate Technology public limited company ("plc"), an Irish public limited company, and its subsidiaries. References to "$" are to United States
dollars.  

         We
have compiled the market size information in this Form 10-K using statistics and other information obtained from several third-party sources.  

         Various
amounts and percentages used in this Form 10-K have been rounded and, accordingly, they may not total 100%.  

         We
own or otherwise have rights to the trademarks and trade names, including those mentioned in this Form 10-K, used in conjunction with the marketing and sale of our products.  


  CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

         Some of the statements and assumptions included in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and
prospects and estimates of industry growth for the fiscal year ending July 3, 2015 and beyond contained in "Item 1. Business," "Item 1A. Risk Factors," "Item 3.
Legal Proceedings," and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These statements identify prospective information and include words such
as "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "projects" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date
of this report and are based on management's current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are conditioned upon and also involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated by such statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors may be beyond our
control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to;  

 
 
 •  the uncertainty in global economic conditions as consumers and businesses may defer purchases in response to tighter
credit and financial news;  
 •  the impact of the variable demand and adverse pricing environment for disk drives, particularly in view of current
business and economic conditions;  
 •  dependence on our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell our disk drive products in increasing volumes on
a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality, particularly new disk drive products with lower cost structures;  
 •  the impact of competitive product announcements; possible excess industry supply with respect to particular disk drive
products; and  
 •  our ability to achieve projected cost savings in connection with restructuring plans.  
 

         Additional
risks and uncertainties are set forth and are discussed in more detail in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or
uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date they were made.  

 3 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
 PART I          

   
       ITEM 1.    BUSINESS          

         We are a leading provider of electronic data storage solutions. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as
disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary medium of mass
data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of electronic data storage products including solid state hybrid
drives ("SSHD") and solid state drives ("SSD").  

         Our
products are designed for enterprise servers and storage systems in mission critical and nearline applications; client compute applications, where our products are designed primarily
for desktop and mobile computing; and client non-compute applications, where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as digital video recorders ("DVRs"), personal data
backup systems, portable external storage systems and digital media systems.  

         We
continue to make strategic investments in order to expand our storage solutions, enter new market adjacencies, and expand our technical expertise. As a result of recent acquisitions,
our product and solution portfolio for the enterprise data storage industry includes storage enclosures, integrated application platforms and high performance computing ("HPC") data storage solutions.
Our storage subsystems support a range of high-speed interconnect technologies to meet demanding cost and performance specifications. Our modular subsystem architecture allows us to support many
segments within the networked storage market by enabling different specifications of storage subsystem designs to be created from a standard set of interlocking technology modules.  

         In
addition to our data storage products and subsystems, we provide data storage services for small to medium-sized businesses, including online backup, data protection and recovery
solutions.  

  Industry Overview   

 

  Electronic Data Storage Industry   

 

         The electronic data storage industry is comprised of companies that manufacture components or subcomponents designed for electronic
data storage devices and companies that provide storage solutions, software and services for enterprise cloud, big data and computing platforms.  

 

  Markets   

 

         The principal markets served by the electronic data storage industry are:  

          Enterprise Storage.     We define enterprise storage as those solutions which are designed for mission critical and nearline applications.
 

         Mission
critical applications are defined as those that are vital to the operation of large-scale enterprise work loads, requiring high performance and high reliability storage
solutions. We expect the market for mission critical enterprise storage solutions to continue to be driven by enterprises utilizing dedicated storage area networks in an effort to reduce network
complexity and increase energy savings. We believe that this will continue to drive demand for more energy efficient, smaller form factor solutions. These solutions are comprised principally of high
performance enterprise class disk drives with sophisticated firmware and communications technologies.  

         Nearline
applications are defined as those which require high capacity and energy efficient storage solutions. We expect such applications, which include storage for cloud computing,
content delivery and backup services, will continue to grow and drive demand for solutions designed with these attributes. With the increased requirements for storage driven by the creation and
consumption of media-rich digital  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 content,
we expect the increased petabyte demand will require further build-out of datacenters by cloud service providers and other enterprises which utilize high capacity nearline devices.  


         Client Compute.     We define client compute applications as solutions designed for desktop and mobile compute applications. We believe that
the demand
resulting from growing economies of certain countries and the continued proliferation of digital content will continue to drive demand for the client compute market. As the storage of digital content
in the cloud becomes more prominent, some client
compute applications require less built-in storage, and therefore alternative storage solutions are becoming more prevalent within the client compute market.  

          Client Non-Compute.     We define client non-compute applications as solutions designed for consumer electronic devices and disk drives
used for external
storage and network-attached storage ("NAS"). Disk drives designed for consumer electronic devices are primarily used in applications such as DVRs and surveillance systems that require a higher
capacity, low cost-per-gigabyte storage solution. Disk drives for external and NAS devices are designed for purposes such as personal data backup and portable external storage, and to augment storage
capacity in the consumer's current desktop, notebook, tablet or DVR disk drive capacities. Client non-compute applications also include devices designed to display digital media in the home theater.
We believe the proliferation and personal creation of media-rich digital content will continue to create increasing consumer demand for higher capacity storage solutions.  

         Participants
in the electronic data storage industry include:  

         Major subcomponent manufacturers.     Companies that manufacture components or subcomponents used in electronic data storage devices or
solutions include
companies that supply spindle motors, heads and media, application specific integrated circuits ("ASICs") and glass substrates.  

          Hardware storage solutions manufacturers.     Companies that transform components into storage products include disk drive manufacturers
and
semiconductor storage manufacturers which include integrating flash memory into storage products such as SSDs.  


         System integrators.     Companies that bundle and package storage solutions into client compute, client non-compute or enterprise
applications as well as
enterprise storage solutions. Distributors that integrate storage hardware and software into end-user applications are also included in this category.  

          Storage services.     Companies that provide services and solutions related to the backup, archiving, recovery and discovery of electronic
data.  

 

  Demand for Electronic Data Storage   

 

         The continued advancement of cloud, mobile and open source computing are driving the growth of digital content. Factors contributing to
this growth are the increased: 

 
 
 •  creation and sharing of all types of media-rich digital content, such as high-resolution photos, high definition video
and movies, and music by consumers and large amounts of electronic data by enterprises;  
 •  aggregation and distribution of digital content through services and other offerings such as Amazon, Facebook, GoPro,
Instagram, iTunes, LinkedIn, Netflix, Pandora and YouTube;  
 •  consumption of digital content through smart phones, tablets, DVRs, and gaming consoles; and    
 •  protection of digital content through storage on backup devices and externally provided storage services.  
 

         As
a result of these factors, the nature and amount of content being created requires increasingly higher capacity storage in order to store, manage, distribute, utilize and backup such
content. This in turn has resulted in the rapid growth in demand for electronic data storage solutions which we believe will continue to grow in developed countries as well as in emerging economies.  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
amounts of data created as well as where and how data is stored continues to evolve with the proliferation of mobile devices, the growth of cloud computing, and the evolving Internet
of Things. In addition, the economics of storage infrastructure is also evolving with the utilization of public and private hyper-scale storage and open-source solutions reducing the total cost of
ownership of storage while increasing the speed and efficiency with which customers can leverage massive computing and storage power. Accordingly, we expect these trends will continue to create
significant demand for electronic data storage solutions.  

 

  Demand Trends for Disk Drives   

 

         We believe that continued growth in digital content requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host,
distribute, manage, backup and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the manner which hard drives
are delivered to market and utilized by our customers will evolve as well.  

         We
believe that in the foreseeable future the traditional enterprise and client compute markets that require high capacity storage solutions, as well as the data intensive client
non-compute markets, will continue to be best served by hard disk drives due to the industry's ability to deliver cost effective, reliable and energy efficient mass storage devices. Furthermore, the
increased use of client non-compute devices that consume media-rich digital content streamed from the cloud increases the demand for high capacity disk drives in nearline applications.  

 

  Industry Supply Balance   

 

         From time to time the industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the disk drive
industry builds capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is
generally muted.  

         In
early October 2011, floodwaters north of Bangkok, Thailand inundated many manufacturing industrial parks that contained a number of the factories supporting the HDD industry's supply
chain. The HDD industry had concentrated a large portion of its supply chain participants within these industrial parks in an effort to reduce cost and improve logistics. As a result, the inundation
of floodwaters into these industrial parks had caused the closure or suspension of production by a number of participants within the HDD supply chain.  

         During
the supply chain disruption in fiscal year 2012, we believe demand exceeded supply due to the impact from the flooding in Thailand, resulting in an increase in the average selling
price ("ASP").  

         The
industry's ability to manufacture and ship drives had substantially recovered as of the end of fiscal year 2012. In fiscal years 2013 and 2014, we believe the HDD industry's capacity
to manufacture HDDs exceeded demand. However, following the impact of the flooding in Thailand and further industry consolidation in fiscal year 2012, the HDD industry has maintained improved pricing
discipline resulting in benign price erosion in fiscal years 2013 and 2014.  


  Our Business   

  Disk Drive Technology   

         The design and manufacturing of disk drives depends on highly advanced technology and manufacturing techniques and therefore requires
high levels of research and development spending and capital equipment investments. Manufacturing our disk drives is a complex process that begins with the production of individual components and ends
with a fully assembled disk drive. We design, fabricate and assemble a number of the most important components found in our disk drives, including read/write heads and recording media. Our design and
manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various disk drive products that serve multiple data storage applications and markets.  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Our
core technology platforms are focused around the areal density of media and read/write head technologies. Using an integrated platform design and manufacturing leverage approach allows us to
deliver a portfolio of disk drive products to service a wide range of electronic data storage applications and a wide range of industries.  


         Disk
drives that we manufacture are commonly differentiated by the following key characteristics: 

 
 
 •  storage capacity, commonly expressed in gigabytes (GB) or terabytes (TB), which is the amount of data that can be stored
on the disk drive;  
 •  spindle rotation speed, commonly expressed in revolutions per minute (RPM), which has an effect on speed of access to
data;  
 •  interface transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data moves between the
disk drive and the computer controller;  
 •  average seek time, commonly expressed in milliseconds, which is the time needed to position the heads over a selected
track on the disk surface;  
 •  data transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data is transferred to and
from the disk drive;  
 •  input/output operations per second (IOPS), commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the maximum number of
reads and writes to a storage location;  
 •  product quality and reliability, commonly expressed in annualized return rates; and    
 •  energy efficiency, commonly measured by the power output necessary to operate the disk drive.  
 

         Areal
density is a measure of storage capacity per square inch on the recording surface of a disk. The storage capacity of a disk drive is determined by the number of disks it contains
as well as the areal density capability of these disks. We have been pursuing, and will continue to pursue, a number of technologies to increase areal densities across the entire range of our products
for expanding disk drive capacities and reducing the number of disks and heads per drive to further reduce product costs.  

  Manufacturing   

         Vertically integrated hard drive manufacturers design and produce their own read/write heads and recording media, which are critical
technologies for disk drives. This integrated approach enables manufacturers to lower costs and to improve the functionality of components so that they work together efficiently.  


         We
believe that because of our vertical design and manufacturing strategy, we are well suited to meet the challenges posed by the close interdependence of components for disk drives. Our
manufacturing efficiency and flexibility are critical elements of our integrated business strategy. We continuously seek to improve our manufacturing efficiency and cost
by: 

 
 
 •  employing manufacturing automation to enhance our efficiency;  
 •  improving product quality and reliability and reducing costs;  
 •  integrating our supply chain with suppliers and customers to enhance our demand visibility and reduce our working capital
requirements;  
 •  coordinating between our manufacturing group and our research and development organization to rapidly achieve volume
manufacturing; and  
 •  leveraging the facilities we operate and the personnel we employ.  
 

         A
vertically integrated model, however, tends to have less flexibility when demand moderates as it exposes us to higher unit costs as capacity utilization is not optimized.  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Due
to the significant challenges posed by the need to continually innovate and improve manufacturing efficiency and the continued demands on capital and research and development
investments required to do so, the disk drive industry has undergone significant consolidation as disk drive manufacturers and component manufacturers merged with other companies or exited the
industry.  

  Components and Raw Materials   

         Disk drives incorporate certain components, including a head disk assembly and a printed circuit board mounted to the head disk
assembly, which are sealed inside a rigid base and top cover containing the recording components in a contamination controlled environment. We maintain a highly integrated approach to our business by
designing and manufacturing a significant portion of the components we view as critical to our products, such as recording heads and media.  


         Read/Write Heads.     The function of the read/write head is to scan across the disk as it spins, magnetically recording or reading
information. The
tolerances of recording heads are extremely demanding and require state-of-the-art equipment and processes. Our read/write heads are manufactured with thin-film and photolithographic processes similar
to those used to produce semiconductor integrated circuits, though challenges in magnetic film properties and topographical structures are unique to the disk drive
industry. We perform all primary stages of design and manufacture of read/write heads at our facilities. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced read/write heads, the
mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels.  


         Media.     Information is written to the media, or disk, as it rotates at very high speeds past the read/write head. The media is made from
non-magnetic
material, usually aluminum alloy or glass, and is coated with a thin layer of magnetic material. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced finished media and aluminum
substrates, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. We purchase all of our glass substrates from third parties, which we use in the disk drives we
make for mobile products.  

          Printed Circuit Board Assemblies.     The printed circuit board assemblies (PCBAs) are comprised of standard and custom ASICs and ancillary
electronic
control chips. The ASICs control the movement of data to and from the read/write heads and through the internal controller and interface, which communicates with the host computer. The ASICs and
control chips form electronic circuitry that delivers instructions to a head positioning mechanism called an actuator to guide the heads to the selected track of a disk where the data is recorded or
retrieved. Disk drive manufacturers use one or more industry standard interfaces such as serial advanced technology architecture (SATA); small computer system interface (SCSI); serial attached SCSI
(SAS); or Fibre Channel (FC) to communicate to the host systems. We outsource to third parties the manufacture and assembly of the PCBAs used in our disk drives. We do not manufacture any ASICs, but
we participate in their proprietary design.  

         Head Disk Assembly.     The head disk assembly consists of one or more disks attached to a spindle assembly powered by a spindle motor that
rotates the
disks at a high constant speed around a hub. Read/write heads, mounted on an arm assembly, similar in concept to that of a record player, fly extremely close to each disk surface and record data on
and retrieve it from concentric tracks in the magnetic layers of the rotating disks. The read/write heads are mounted vertically on an E-shaped assembly (E-block) that is actuated by a voice-coil
motor to allow the heads to move from track to track. The E-block and the recording media are mounted inside the head disk assembly. We purchase spindle motors from outside vendors and from time to
time participate in the design of the motors that go into our products. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced head disk assemblies.  

          Disk Drive Assembly.     Following the completion of the head disk assembly, it is mated to the PCBA, and the completed unit goes through
extensive
defect mapping and testing prior to packaging and shipment. Disk drive assembly and test operations occur primarily at facilities located in China and Thailand. We perform subassembly and component
manufacturing operations at our facilities in China,  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Malaysia,
Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and in the United States in Minnesota. In addition, third parties manufacture and assemble components and disk drive assemblies for us in various
countries worldwide.  

          Suppliers of Components and Industry Constraints.     There are a limited number of independent suppliers of components, such as recording
heads and
media, available to disk drive manufacturers. Vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers, who manufacture their own components, are less dependent on external component suppliers than less
vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers.  

          Commodity and Other Manufacturing Costs.     The production of disk drives requires rare earth elements, precious metals, scarce alloys and
industrial
commodities, which are subject to fluctuations in prices and the supply of which has at times been constrained. In addition to increased costs of components and commodities, volatility in fuel costs
may also increase our costs related to commodities, manufacturing and freight. As a result, we may increase our use of ocean shipments to help offset any increase in freight costs.  

  Products   

         We offer a broad range of storage solutions, for the enterprise, datacenter, client compute and client non-compute applications. We
offer more than one product within each product category and differentiate products on the basis of price, performance, form factor, capacity, interface, power consumption efficiency, security
features like full disk encryption and instant encryption key replacement through our Instant Erase technology, and other customer integration requirements. Our industry is characterized by continuous
and significant advances in technology which contribute to rapid product life cycles. We list our main current product offerings below.  

 

  Enterprise Storage   

 

          Enterprise Performance Family.     Our 10,000 and 15,000 RPM Enterprise Performance Family disk drives feature increased throughput and
improved energy
efficiency, targeted at high random performance server application needs. Performance 10,000 RPM HDDs ship in storage capacities ranging from 300GB to 900GB, and our 15,000 RPM HDDs ship in storage
capacities ranging from 146GB to 600GB.  

          Enterprise Capacity HDD Family.     Our Enterprise Capacity disk drives ship in a 2.5-inch and 3.5-inch form factor and in storage
capacities of up to
6TB that clock in at 7,200 RPM speeds. These products are designed for bulk data storage and server environments that require high capacity, enterprise reliability, energy efficiency and integrated
security, SATA and SAS interfaces.  

         Enterprise Value HDD Family.     Providing up to 3TB of SATA-based high capacity, 3.5-inch energy-efficient enterprise storage, the
Enterprise Value hard
disk drive offers low-cost bulk storage designed for vast amounts of unstructured data in the cloud. It features low power for energy efficient operations and ensures reliable operations in 24x7
multi-drive replicated environments.  

          Seagate Terascale HDD Family.     Available in capacities up to 4TB in a 3.5-inch enterprise-class SATA hard drive, the Terascale HDD is
designed to
provide data centers with the storage scalability they need to meet demands in low workload, 24x7 replicated environments.  

          Seagate 1200 SSD.     Available in capacities up to 800GB, the 1200 SSD features 12GB per second SAS, and delivers the speed and
consistency needed for
demanding enterprise storage and server applications.  

 

  Client Compute   

 

         Laptop and Mobile HDDs and SSHDs.     Our family of laptop drives ship in a variety of form factors (5mm to 9.5mm drive height), capacities
(250GB to
2TB) and technologies (HDD and SSHD) to support  

 9 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 mobile
needs. Used in applications ranging from traditional laptops to tablets, our drives are built to address a range of performance needs and sizes for affordable, high capacity storage.  

          Spinpoint SATA Mobile Family.     Our Spinpoint M8 2.5-inch 5,400 RPM mobile computing disk drives come in storage capacities of up to 2TB
and are
marketed and sold under the Samsung Spinpoint brand name.  

          Desktop HDD and SSHDs.     Our 3.5-inch family of desktop drives ship in both traditional HDD and SSHD configurations and offer up to 4TB
of capacity.
Desktop drives are designed for applications such as personal computers, workstations and personal external storage devices.  

 

  Client Non-Compute   

 

          Video 3.5 and Video 2.5 HDDs.     We sell our 3.5-inch and 2.5-inch Video HDDs for use in video applications like DVR's and media centers.
These disk
drives are optimized for video streaming in always-on applications with capacities up to 4TB to support leading-edge digital entertainment.  


         SV35 and Surveillance HDDs.     Our surveillance drives are built to support the high-write workload of an always-on, always-recording video
surveillance
system. These surveillance optimized drives are built to support the growing needs of the surveillance market with support for multiple HD streams and capacities up to 4TB.  

          NAS HDDs.     Our NAS drives are built to support the performance and reliability demanded by NAS systems, and include NASWorks™ with
custom-built error recovery controls, power settings, and vibration tolerance.  


         We
ship external backup storage solutions under our Backup Plus and Expansion product lines, as well as under the Samsung and LaCie brand names. These product lines utilize our 3.5-inch
and 2.5-inch disk drives, which are available in capacities up to 5TB and 2TB, respectively. In addition, we ship the Wireless Plus wireless drive for use with secondary mobile devices utilizing
2.5-inch 500GB, 1TB and 2TB drives as well as Samsung Wireless utilizing a 2.5-inch 1.5TB drive. We also ship network attached storage (NAS) solutions under our Central, NAS, NAS Pro and Rackmount NAS
product lines. These product lines utilize our 3.5-inch disk drives; our Central products are available in capacities up to 4TB, and our NAS products are available in capacities up to 40TB.  


  Customers   

         We sell our products to major OEMs, distributors and retailers.  

         The
following table summarizes our revenue by channel and by geography:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenues by Channel (%) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   OEM 
   
   
 68 
 % 
   
 68 
 % 
   
 72 
 % 
 
 
   Distributors 
   
   
 20 
 % 
   
 21 
 % 
   
 21 
 % 
 
 
   Retail 
   
   
 12 
 % 
   
 11 
 % 
   
 7 
 % 
 
 
   Revenues by Geography (%) (1) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 27 
 % 
   
 27 
 % 
   
 26 
 % 
 
 
   EMEA 
   
   
 19 
 % 
   
 19 
 % 
   
 19 
 % 
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 54 
 % 
   
 54 
 % 
   
 55 
 % 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Revenue
is attributed to countries based on the shipping location.  
  
  10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         OEM
customers typically enter into master purchase agreements with us. These agreements provide for pricing, volume discounts, order lead times, product support obligations and other
terms and conditions including sales programs offered to promote selected products. Deliveries are scheduled only after receipt of purchase orders. In addition, with limited lead-time, customers may
defer most purchase orders without significant penalty. Anticipated orders from many of our customers have in the past failed to materialize or OEM delivery schedules have been deferred or altered as
a result of changes in their business needs.  

         Our
distributors generally enter into non-exclusive agreements for the resale of our products. They typically furnish us with a non-binding indication of their near-term requirements and
product deliveries are generally scheduled accordingly. The agreements and related sales programs typically provide the distributors with limited right of return and price protection rights. In
addition, we offer sales programs to distributors on a quarterly and periodic basis to promote the sale of selected products in the sales channel.  


         Our
retail channel consists of our branded storage products sold to retailers either by us directly or by our distributors. Retail sales made by us or our distributors typically require
greater marketing support, sales incentives and price protection periods.  

         In
fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, Dell Inc. accounted for approximately 13%, 13% and 15% of consolidated revenue, respectively, while Hewlett-Packard Company accounted for
approximately 13%, 10% and 14% of consolidated revenue, respectively. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed
or canceled purchases by, one or more of our larger customers."  

  Competition   

         We compete primarily with manufacturers of hard drives used in the enterprise, client compute and client non-compute applications, but
have in the past few years also competed with manufacturers of solid-state drives. The markets that we compete in are intensely competitive. Disk drive manufacturers not only compete for a limited
number of major disk drive customers but also compete with other companies in the electronic data storage industry that provide alternative storage solutions, such as flash memory and SSDs. Some of
the principal factors used by customers to differentiate among electronic data storage solutions manufacturers are storage capacity, product performance, product quality and reliability, price per
unit and price per gigabyte, time-to-market and time-to-volume leadership, storage/retrieval access times, data transfer rates, form factor, product warranty and support capabilities, supply
continuity and flexibility, power consumption, total cost of ownership, and brand. While different markets and customers place varying levels of emphasis on these factors, we believe that our products
are competitive with respect to each of these factors in the markets that we currently address.  

          Principal Disk Drive Competitors.     Following further industry consolidation during fiscal year 2012, three disk drive companies
remain: 

 
 
 •  Seagate, selling the Seagate and Samsung brands;  
 •  Western Digital Corporation, operating the Western Digital and Hitachi Global Storage Technologies subsidiaries; and    
 •  Toshiba Corporation  
 

          Other Competitors.     We also are experiencing competition from companies that provide alternative storage technologies such as flash
memory and SSDs
used in mobile applications such as tablets, notebooks and lower capacity hand held devices in addition to SSDs used in enterprise applications for rapid processing and high volume transactions.
Additionally, we may in the future face indirect competition from customers who from time to time evaluate whether to offer electronic data storage products that may compete with our products.  

 11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Price Erosion.     Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for disk drive products with comparable capacity,
performance and
feature sets ("like-for-like products"). Price declines for like-for-like products ("price erosion") have been more pronounced during periods of: 

 
 
 •  economic contraction in which competitors may use discounted pricing to attempt to maintain or gain market share;    
 •  few new product introductions when competitors have comparable or alternative product offerings; and    
 •  industry supply exceeding demand.  
 

         In
fiscal years 2013 and 2014, we believe the HDD industry's capacity to manufacture HDDs exceeded demand. However, following industry consolidation during fiscal year 2012, the HDD
industry has maintained improved pricing discipline resulting in benign price erosion in fiscal years 2013 and 2014.  


         Disk
drive manufacturers typically attempt to offset price erosion with an improved mix of disk drive products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature
sets and/or product cost reductions.  

          Product Life Cycles and Changing Technology.     Success in our industry has been dependent to a large extent on the ability to balance the
introduction
and transition of new products with time-to-volume, performance, capacity and quality metrics at a competitive price, level of service and support that our customers expect. Generally those disk drive
manufacturers that are able to introduce new products first benefit from improved product mix, favorable profit margins and less pricing pressure until comparable products are introduced. Changing
technology also necessitates on-going investments in research and development, which may be difficult to recover due to rapid product life cycles and economic declines. Further, there is a continued
need to successfully execute product transitions and new product introductions, as factors such as quality, reliability and manufacturing yields become of increasing competitive importance.  

  Seasonality   

         The disk drive industry traditionally experiences seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the
calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter.  

  Research and Development   

         We are committed to developing new component technologies, products and alternative storage technologies. Our research and development
focus is designed to bring new products to market in high volume, with quality attributes that our customers expect, before our competitors. Part of our product development strategy is to leverage a
design platform and/or subsystem within product families to serve different market needs. This platform strategy allows for more efficient resource utilization, leverages best design practices,
reduces exposure to changes in demand, and allows for achievement of lower costs through purchasing economies. Our advanced
technology integration effort focuses disk drive and component research on recording subsystems, including read/write heads and recording media, market-specific product technology and technology
focused towards new business opportunities. The primary purpose of our advanced technology integration effort is to ensure timely availability of mature component technologies to our product
development teams as well as allowing us to leverage and coordinate those technologies in the design centers across our products in order to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace. During
fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, we had product development expenses of approximately $1,226 million, $1,133 million and $1,006 million, respectively, which represented 9%, 8%
and 7% of our consolidated revenue, respectively.  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Patents and Licenses   

         As of June 27, 2014, we had 4,962 U.S. patents and 1,204 patents issued in various foreign jurisdictions as well as 1,236 U.S.
and 1,112 foreign patent applications pending. The number of patents and patent applications will vary at any given time as part of our ongoing patent portfolio management activity. Due to the rapid
technological change that characterizes the electronic data storage industry, we believe that, in addition to patent protection, the improvement of existing products, reliance upon trade secrets,
protection of unpatented proprietary know-how and development of new products are also important to our business in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. Accordingly, we intend to
continue our efforts to broadly protect our intellectual property, including obtaining patents, where available, in connection with our research and development program.  


         We
have patent licenses with a number of companies. Additionally, as part of our normal intellectual property practices, we may be engaged in negotiations with other major electronic
data storage companies and component manufacturers with respect to patent licenses.  

         The
electronic data storage industry is characterized by significant litigation relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. Because of rapid technological development in
the electronic data storage industry, some of our products have been, and in the future could be, alleged to infringe existing patents of third parties. From time to time, we receive claims that our
products infringe patents of third parties. Although we have been able to resolve some of those claims or potential claims by obtaining licenses or rights under the patents in question without a
material adverse affect on us, other claims have resulted in adverse decisions or settlements. In addition, other claims are pending, which if resolved unfavorably to us could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. For more information on these claims, see "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other
Contingencies." The costs of engaging in intellectual
property litigation in the past have been, and in the future may be, substantial, irrespective of the merits of the claim or the outcome.  

  Backlog   


         In view of industry practice, whereby customers may cancel or defer orders with little or no penalty, we believe backlog in the disk
drive industry is of limited indicative value in estimating future performance and results.  

  Environmental Matters   

         Our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those
governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require
environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities.  

         We
have established environmental management systems and continually update environmental policies and standard operating procedures for our operations worldwide. We believe that our
operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. We budget for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental laws. If
additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures.  


         Some
environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the "Superfund" law) and its state equivalents, can impose
liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether the owner or
operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. We have  

 13 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 been
identified as a potentially responsible party at several sites. At each of these sites, we have an assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances
disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable parties. We have fulfilled our responsibilities at some of these sites and remain involved in only a few at this time.  

         While
our ultimate costs in connection with these sites is difficult to predict with complete accuracy, based on current estimates of cleanup costs and our expected allocation of these
costs, we do not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material.  


         We
may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic
products. For example, the European Union ("EU") enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which prohibits the use of certain
substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives, put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in
the United States, Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also
restricts substances of very high concern ("SVHCs") in products. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with the substance restrictions, recycle requirements or other environmental requirements as they
are enacted worldwide, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business.  

  Employees   

         At June 27, 2014, we employed approximately 52,100 employees and temporary employees worldwide, of which approximately 41,400
employees were located in our Asian operations. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees at all levels. We believe that our
employee relations are good.  

  Financial Information   

         Financial information for our reportable business segment and about geographic areas is set forth in "Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data-Note 13. Business Segment and Geographic Information."  

  Corporate Information   

         On July 3, 2010, we consummated a reorganization pursuant to which Seagate Technology public limited company, a public limited
company organized under the laws of Ireland, became the publicly traded parent of the Seagate corporate family. Prior to the reorganization our publicly traded parent was Seagate Technology, an
exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands.  

  Available Information   

          Availability of Reports.     We are a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Exchange Act"),
and we file
reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The public may read and copy any of our filings at the SEC's Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Because we make filings to the SEC
electronically, the public may access this information at the SEC's website:  www.sec.gov . This site contains reports, proxies and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.  

          Web Site Access.     Our website is  www.seagate.com . We make available, free of charge at
the "Investors"
section of our website, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Current
Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we
electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed
pursuant to Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act are also available on our web site. Information in, or that can be accessed through, our web site is not incorporated into this
Form 10-K.  

  Executive Officers   

         The following sets forth the name, age and position of each of the persons who were serving as executive officers as of
August 7, 2014. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Age  
   
 Positions  
 
 
   Stephen J. Luczo 
   
   
 57 
   
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
   Jamie Lerner 
   
   
 44 
   
 President, Cloud Systems and Solutions, 
 
 
   William D. Mosley 
   
   
 47 
   
 President, Operations and Technology 
 
 
   Albert A. "Rocky" Pimentel 
   
   
 59 
   
 President, Global Markets and Customers 
 
 
   Patrick J. O'Malley 
   
   
 52 
   
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   Kenneth M. Massaroni 
   
   
 53 
   
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 
   D. Kurt Richarz 
   
   
 53 
   
 Executive Vice President, Sales 
 
 
   Mark Re 
   
   
 54 
   
 Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer 
 
 
   Douglas DeHaan 
   
   
 56 
   
 General Manager, Samsung HDD Brand of Products 
 
 
   David H. Morton Jr.  
   
   
 42 
   
 Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 
 
  
          Stephen
J. Luczo. Mr. Luczo, 57, has served as our CEO since January 2009 and as Chairman of the Board since 2002. Mr. Luczo joined Seagate in October 1993 as Senior Vice
President of Corporate Development. In September 1997, he was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of Seagate Technology (Seagate Technology plc's predecessor) and, in July 1998,
he was promoted to CEO at which time he joined the Board as a director of Seagate Technology. Mr. Luczo resigned as CEO effective as of July 2004, but remained as Chairman of the Board. He
served as non-employee Chairman from October 2006 to January 2009. From October 2006 until he rejoined us in January 2009, Mr. Luczo was a private investor. Mr. Luczo also served as our
President from January 2009 until October 2013. Prior to joining Seagate in 1993, Mr. Luczo was Senior Managing Director of the Global Technology Group of Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc., an investment banking firm, from February 1992 to October 1993. Mr. Luczo served on the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation from May 2012 to
March 2014.  

         Jamie
Lerner. Mr. Lerner, 44, has served as our President of Cloud Systems and Solutions since March 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Lerner served as Senior Vice President and
General Manager of the Cloud and Systems Management Technology Group at Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco") from November 2012 until February 2014. Mr. Lerner also previously served as Vice
President and General Manager of Cisco's Network Management Technology Group between October 2011 and November 2012 and as the Vice President and General Manager of the Service Provider Management
Applications Business Unit at Cisco between November 2009 and October 2011. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Lerner served as the founder, President, and CEO of CITTIO Inc., an enterprise
software company, from 2002 through 2009.  

         William
D. Mosley. Mr. Mosley, 47, has served as our President, Operations and Technology since October 2013 and as Executive Vice President, Operations from March 2011 until
October 2013. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing from September 2009 through March 2011; Executive Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management
from February 2009 to September 2009; Senior Vice President, Global Disk Storage Operations from 2007 to 2009; and Vice President, Research and Development, Engineering from 2002 to 2007.  

 15 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         Albert
A. "Rocky" Pimentel. Mr. Pimentel, 59, has served as our President of Global Markets and Customers since October 2013 and as Executive Vice President, Chief Sales and
Marketing Officer from April 2011 until October 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Pimentel served as a director of Seagate from 2009 until his resignation from the Board of Directors in April 2011.
Mr. Pimentel served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") at McAfee, Inc., from 2008 until he retired in August 2010. He served as the Executive Vice President
and CFO of Glu Mobile from 2004 to 2008. Prior to joining Glu Mobile, Mr. Pimentel served as Executive Vice President and CFO at Zone Labs from 2003 to 2004, which was acquired by Check Point
Software in 2004.  

         Patrick
J. O'Malley. Mr. O'Malley, 52, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2008. Previously, he served as our Senior Vice
President, Finance from 2005 to August 2008. Prior to that, he was our Senior Vice President, Consumer Electronics from 2004 to 2005. Mr. O'Malley was appointed to the board of directors of
E2open, Inc. in January 2012.  

         Kenneth
M. Massaroni. Mr. Massaroni, 53, was appointed our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer in July 2011. Prior to that, he served as our
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from April 2008 through July 2011; Vice President and Acting General Counsel from December 2007 to April 2008; and Vice President of
Intellectual Property from 2006 to December 2007. Prior to joining Seagate in 2006, Mr. Massaroni was Vice President of Law, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at
Scientific-Atlanta Inc. from 1997 to 2006.  

         D.
Kurt Richarz. Mr. Richarz, 53, has served as our Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing since March 2011. Prior to that, he served as our Executive Vice President, Sales
from May 2008 through March 2011; Executive Vice President, Sales and Customer Service Operations from May 2006 to May 2008; Senior Vice President of Global OEM Sales from 2007 to 2008, and Vice
President of Global OEM Sales from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Richarz served as Vice President, Global OEM Account Sales and Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales at Maxtor Corporation, from 2002
until we acquired Maxtor Corporation in 2006.  

         Mark
Re. Mr. Re, 54, has served as our Senior Vice President, Research and Development since July 2013. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President, Research, from August 2003
to August 2006. Mr. Re currently serves on the Scientific Advisory Board for the Data Storage Institute, as well as on the Pittsburgh Technology Council and the Advanced Storage Technology
Consortium.  

         Douglas
DeHaan. Mr. DeHaan, 56, has been our General Manager, Samsung HDD Products since September 2012. Prior to that, he served as our Senior Vice President, Operations and
Materials, from February 2009 until September 2012; Senior Vice President of Quality from 2008 to 2009; and Senior Vice President of Product and Process Development, Core Products, from 2003 to 2008.  

         David
H. Morton Jr. Mr. Morton, 42, has served as our Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer since April 2014 and our Vice President, Finance,
Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer from October 2009 to April 2014; Vice President of Finance, Sales and Marketing from March 2009 to October 2009; Vice President of Sales Operations from July
2007 to March 2009; Vice President of Finance, Storage Markets from October 2006 to July 2007; Executive Director of Consumer Electronics Finance from October 2005 to October 2006; and Executive
Director of Corporate FP&A from June 2004 to October 2005.  

 16 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS          


  Risks Related to our Business   

  Changes in the macroeconomic environment have negatively impacted, and may continue to, negatively impact our results of operations.   

         Due to the continuing uncertainty about current macroeconomic conditions affecting consumer and enterprise spending, we believe our
customers may postpone spending in response to tighter credit, unemployment, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand
for our products. Continuing high unemployment rates, low levels of consumer liquidity, risk of default on sovereign debt and volatility in credit and equity markets have weakened consumer confidence
and decreased consumer and enterprise spending in many regions around the world. Other factors that could influence demand include conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, labor
and healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect
on demand for our products and on our financial condition and operating results.  

  Our industries are highly competitive and our failure to anticipate and respond to technological and market developments could harm our ability to compete.   

         We operate in markets that are highly competitive and subject to rapid change and that are significantly affected by new product
introductions, substantial price erosion and lower prices as part of a strategy to gain or retain market share and customers. Should these practices continue, we may need to continually reduce our
prices for existing products to retain our market share, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  

         Our
ability to offset the effect of price erosion through new product introductions at higher average prices is diminished to the extent competitors introduce products into particular
markets ahead of our similar, competing products. Our ability to offset the effect of price erosion is also diminished during times when supply exceeds demand for a particular product.  


         Market
share for our products can be negatively affected by our customers' diversifying their sources of supply as our competitors enter the market for particular products, as well as by
our ability to ramp volume production of new product offerings. When our competitors successfully introduce product offerings that are competitive with our recently introduced products, our customers
may quickly diversify their sources of supply. Any significant decline in our market share in any of our principal market applications would adversely affect our results of operations.  


         Our
principal sources of competition include: 

 
 
 •  disk drive manufacturers, such as Western Digital Corporation and Toshiba;    
 •  companies providing storage subsystems and components to OEMs;  
 •  electronic manufacturing services ("EMS") companies acquiring the necessary skills and intellectual property to enter the
enterprise data storage marketplace;  
 •  other high performance computing ("HPC") data storage providers;  
 •  collaborations between in-house development teams of existing and potential customers and a combination of EMS, contract
electronic manufacturing ("CEM") or emerging technology companies.  
 

         We
also experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies like flash memory, where increasing capacity, decreasing cost, energy efficiency and
improvements in  

 17 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 performance
ruggedness have resulted in competition with our lower capacity, smaller form factor disk drives. While this competition has traditionally been in the markets for handheld consumer
electronics applications, these competitors have announced solid state drives (SSDs) for tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications. Certain customers for both notebook and enterprise
compute applications are adopting SSDs as alternatives to hard drives in certain applications. Further adoption of these alternative storage technologies may impact the competitiveness of our product
portfolio and reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operation.  

         The
markets for our data storage system products are also characterized by technological change driven in part by the adoption of new industry standards. These standards provide
mechanisms to ensure technology component interoperability can occur and may reduce our capability for differentiation or innovation and our affected products would revert to commodity status. This
could lower the barriers to entry to our market away from our specialist research and development skills and enable entry for the general-purpose design skills found in some large EMS and CEM
companies. Commodity markets are driven by extremely low margins and very aggressive competitive pricing. If our market becomes more commoditized and we fail to deliver innovative value-added
alternatives to our customers, we will have difficulty competing against the larger EMS and CEM companies. If we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, we could
experience profit margin reductions or loss of market share, which could significantly harm our financial condition.  

  Our quarterly results of operations fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period, and may cause our share price to decline.   


         In the past, our quarterly revenue and results of operations have fluctuated, sometimes significantly, from period to period. These
fluctuations, which we expect to continue, may be occasioned by a variety of factors, including: 

 
 
 •  current uncertainty in global economic conditions may pose a risk to the overall economy;    
 •  adverse changes in the level of economic activity in the major regions in which we do business;    
 •  competitive pressures resulting in lower selling prices by our competitors targeted to encourage shifting of customer
demand;  
 •  delays or problems in our introduction of new products, particularly new disk drives with lower cost structures, the
inability to achieve high production yields or delays in customer qualification or initial product quality issues;  
 •  changes in purchasing patterns by our distributor customers;  
 •  application of new or revised industry standards;  
 •  disruptions in our supply chain;  
 •  increased costs or adverse changes in availability of supplies of raw materials or components;    
 •  the impact of corporate restructuring activities that we have and may continue to engage in;    
 •  changes in the demand for the computer systems and data storage products that contain our products due to seasonality,
economic conditions and other factors;  
 •  changes in purchases from period to period by our primary customers;  
 •  shifting trends in customer demand which, when combined with overproduction of particular products, particularly when the
industry is served by multiple suppliers, results in unfavorable supply/demand imbalances;  
 •  our high proportion of fixed costs, including research and development expenses;  
 
 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  any impairments in goodwill or other long-lived assets;  
 •  announcements of new products, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors; and    
 •  adverse changes in the performance of our products.  
 

         As
a result, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue and results of operations may not be meaningful, and that these comparisons may not be an accurate indicator of
our future performance. Our results of operations in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of investment research analysts or investors, which could cause an immediate and
significant decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares.  

  If we fail to predict demand accurately for our products in any quarter, we may not be able to recapture the cost of our investments.   

         Our industry operates primarily on quarterly purchasing cycles, with much of the order flow in any given quarter typically coming at
the end of that quarter. Our manufacturing process requires us to make significant product-specific investments in inventory in each quarter for that quarter's production. Since we typically receive
the bulk of our orders late in a quarter after we have made our investments, there is a risk that our orders will not be sufficient to allow us to recapture the costs of our investment before the
products resulting from that investment have become obsolete. We cannot assure you that we will be able to accurately predict demand in the future.  

         Our
revenues in any quarter are substantially dependent upon customer orders in that quarter. We attempt to project future orders based in part on estimates from our major customers. Our
customers' estimated requirements are not always accurate and we therefore cannot predict our quarterly revenues
with any degree of certainty. In addition, we derive a portion of our revenues in each quarter from a number of relatively large orders. If one or more of our major customers decide to defer a
purchase order or delays product acceptance in any given quarter, this is likely to result in reduced total revenues for that quarter.  

         The
difficulty in forecasting demand also increases the difficulty in anticipating our inventory requirements, which may cause us to over-produce finished goods, resulting in inventory
write-offs, or under-produce finished goods, adversely affecting our ability to meet customer requirements and our market share. Additionally, the risk of inventory write-offs could increase if we
were to continue to hold higher inventory levels. We cannot be certain that we will be able to recover the costs associated with increased inventory.  


         Other
factors that may negatively impact our ability to recapture the cost of investments in any given quarter include: 

 
 
 •  the impact of variable demand and an aggressive pricing environment for disk drives;    
 •  the impact of competitive product announcements and possible excess industry supply both with respect to particular disk
drive products and with respect to competing alternative storage technology solutions such as SSDs in tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications;    
 •  our inability to reduce our fixed costs to match sales in any quarter because of our vertical manufacturing strategy,
which means that we make more capital investments than we would if we were not vertically integrated;  
 •  dependence on our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis
and with acceptable quality our disk drive products, particularly the new disk drive products with lower cost structures;  
 
 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  uncertainty in the amount of purchases from our distributor customers who from time to time constitute a large portion of
our total sales;  
 •  our product mix and the related margins of the various products;  
 •  accelerated reduction in the price of our disk drives due to technological advances and/or an oversupply of disk drives
in the market and shifting trends in demand which can create supply and demand imbalances;  
 •  manufacturing delays or interruptions, particularly at our manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland,
Singapore, Thailand, the United Kingdom, or the United States;  
 •  limited access to components that we obtain from a single or a limited number of suppliers;    
 •  the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the cost of producing our products and the effective price of
our products to foreign consumers; and  
 •  operational issues arising out of the increasingly automated nature of our manufacturing processes.  
 

         In
addition, the demand for client non-compute products can be even more volatile and unpredictable than the demand for client compute products. In some cases, our products manufactured
for client non-compute applications are uniquely configured for a single customer's application, which creates a risk of unwanted and unsellable inventory if the anticipated volumes are not realized.
This potential for unpredictable volatility is increased by the possibility of competing alternative storage technologies like flash memory meeting the customers' cost and capacity metrics, resulting
in a rapid shift in demand from our products and disk drive technology, generally, to alternative storage technologies. Unpredictable fluctuations in demand for our products or rapid shifts in demand
from our products to alternative storage technologies in new client non-compute applications could materially adversely impact our future results of operations.  

  Market acceptance of new product introductions cannot be accurately predicted, and our results of operations will suffer if there is less demand for our new products than is
anticipated.   

         The markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and technology
enhancements, uncertain product life cycles and changes in customer demand. The success of our new product introductions is dependent on a number of factors, including market acceptance, our ability
to manage the risks associated with product transitions, the effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand and the risk that our new products will have quality
problems or other defects in the early stages of introduction that were not anticipated in the design of those products. Accordingly, we cannot accurately determine the ultimate effect that our new
products will have on our results of operations.  

         Historically,
our results of operations have substantially depended upon our ability to be among the first-to-maturity with new product offerings. Our market share and results of
operations in the future may be adversely affected if we fail to: 

 
 
 •  consistently maintain our time-to-maturity performance with our new products;    
 •  produce these products in sufficient volume;  
 •  qualify these products with key customers on a timely basis by meeting our customers' performance and quality
specifications; or  
 •  achieve acceptable manufacturing yields, quality and costs with these products.  
 

         In
addition, the success of our new product introductions is dependent upon our ability to qualify as a primary source of supply with our OEM customers. In order for our products to be
considered by our customers for qualification, we must be among the leaders in time-to-market with those new products.  

 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Once
a product is accepted, any failure or delay in the qualification process or a requirement that we requalify can result in our losing sales to that customer until new products are introduced. The
limited number of high-volume OEMs magnifies the effect of missing a product qualification opportunity. These risks are further magnified because we expect competitive pressures to result in
declining sales, eroding prices, and declining gross margins on our current generation products. If the delivery of our products is delayed, our OEM customers may use our competitors' products to meet
their production requirements. We cannot assure that we will be among the leaders in time-to-market with new products or that we will be able to successfully qualify new products with our customers in
the future.  

         We
face the related risk that consumers and businesses may wait to make their purchases if they want to buy a new product that has been shipped or announced but not yet released. If this
were to occur, we may be unable to sell our existing inventory of products that may be less efficient and cost effective compared to new products. As a result, even if we are among the
first-to-maturity with a given product, subsequent introductions or announcements by our competitors of new products could cause us to lose revenue and not achieve a positive return on our investment
in existing products and inventory.  

         If
we cannot successfully deliver competitive products, our future results of operations may be adversely affected.  

  If we experience shortages or delays in the receipt of, or cost increases in, critical components, equipment or raw materials necessary to manufacture our products, we may
suffer lower operating margins, production delays and other material adverse effects.   

         The cost, quality and supply of components, subassemblies, certain equipment and raw materials used to manufacture our products and key
components like recording
media and heads are critical to our success. The equipment we use to manufacture our products and components is frequently custom made and comes from a few suppliers and the lead times required to
obtain manufacturing equipment can be significant. Particularly important for our products include read/write heads, aluminum or glass substrates for recording media, ASICs, spindle motors, printed
circuit boards, and suspension assemblies.  

         We
rely on sole suppliers or a limited number of suppliers for some of these components that we do not manufacture, including aluminum and glass substrates, read/write heads, ASICs,
spindle motors, printed circuit boards, and suspension assemblies. Many of such component suppliers are geographically concentrated, in particular, in Thailand, which makes our supply chain more
vulnerable to regional disruptions such as the severe flooding in Thailand in October 2011, which had a material impact on the production and availability of many components. If our vendors for these
components are unable to meet our cost, quality, and supply requirements, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would adversely affect our results of
operations.  

         Certain
rare earth elements are critical in the manufacture of our products. We purchase components that contain rare earth elements from a number of countries, including the People's
Republic of China. We cannot predict whether any nation will impose regulations, quotas or embargoes upon the rare earth elements incorporated into our products that would restrict the worldwide
supply of such metals or increase their cost. We have experienced increased costs and production delays when we were unable to obtain the necessary equipment or sufficient quantities of some
components, and/or have been forced to pay higher prices or make volume purchase commitments or advance deposits for some components, equipment or raw materials that were in short supply in the
industry in general. If any major supplier were to restrict the supply available to us or increase the cost of the rare earth elements used in our products, we could experience a shortage in supply or
an increase in production costs, which would adversely affect our results of operations.  

         Consolidation
among component manufacturers has resulted and may continue to result in some component manufacturers exiting the industry or not making sufficient investments in research
to develop new components.  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         If
there is a shortage of, or delay in supplying us with, critical components, equipment or raw materials, then: 

 
 
 •  it is likely that our suppliers would raise their prices and, if we could not pass these price increases to our
customers, our operating margin would decline;  
 •  we might have to reengineer some products, which would likely cause production and shipment delays, make the reengineered
products more costly and provide us with a lower rate of return on these products;  
 •  we would likely have to allocate the components we receive to certain of our products and ship less of others, which
could reduce our revenues and could cause us to lose sales to customers who could purchase more of their required products from manufacturers that either did not experience these shortages or delays
or that made different allocations; and  
 •  we might be late in shipping products, causing potential customers to make purchases from our competitors, thus causing
our revenue and operating margin to decline.  
 

         We
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain critical components in a timely and economic manner.  

         We
often aim to lead the market in new technology deployments and leverage unique and customized technology from single source suppliers who are early adopters in the emerging market.
Our options in supplier selection in these cases are limited and the supplier based technology may consequently be single sourced until wider adoption of the technology occurs and any necessary
licenses become available. In such cases any technical issues in the supplier's technology may cause us to delay shipments of our new technology deployments and therefore harm our financial position.  


  Changes in demand for computer systems and storage subsystems may in the future cause a decline in demand for our products.   

         Our products are components in computers, data storage systems, and consumer electronics devices. The demand for these products has
been volatile. Unexpected slowdowns in demand for computer systems, storage subsystems or consumer electronics devices generally cause sharp declines in demand for our products. Declines in consumer
spending could have a material
adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and results of operations.  


         Causes
of declines in demand for our products in the past have included weakness in macroeconomic environments, announcements or introductions of major new operating systems or
semiconductor improvements or changes in consumer preferences, such as the shift to mobile devices. We believe these announcements and introductions have from time to time caused consumers to defer
their purchases and made inventory obsolete. Whenever an oversupply of our products causes participants in our industry to have higher than anticipated inventory levels, we experience even more
intense price competition from other manufacturers than usual.  

  We are dependent on sales to distributors and retailers, which may increase price erosion and the volatility of our sales.   


         A substantial portion of our sales has been to distributors of disk drive products. Certain of our distributors may also market other
products that compete with our products. Product qualification programs in this distribution channel are limited, which increases the number of competing products that are available to satisfy demand,
particularly in times of lengthening product cycles. As a result, purchasing decisions in this channel are based largely on price, terms and product availability. Sales volumes through this channel
are also less predictable and subject to greater volatility than sales to our OEM customers. In addition, deterioration in business and economic conditions could exacerbate price erosion and
volatility as  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 distributors
lower prices to compensate for lower demand and higher inventory levels. Our distributors' ability to access credit for purposes of funding their operations may also affect purchases of
our products by these customers.  

         If
distributors reduce their purchases of our products or prices decline significantly in the distribution channel or if distributors experience financial difficulties or terminate their
relationships with us, our revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected.  


         We
believe that industry demand for storage products in the long-term is increasing due to the proliferation of media-rich digital content in consumer applications and is fueling
increased consumer demand for storage. This has led to the expansion of our branded solutions such as external storage products to provide additional storage capacity and to secure data in case of
disaster or system failure,
or to provide independent storage solutions for multiple users in home or small business environments. Consumer spending on retail sales of our branded solutions has deteriorated in some markets and
may continue to do so if poor global economic conditions continue and higher levels of unemployment persist. This could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on
our financial condition and results of operations.  

         In
addition, such retail sales of our branded solutions traditionally experience seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the first half of our fiscal year driven
by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. Additionally, our ability to reach such consumers depends on
our maintaining effective working relationships with major retailers and distributors. Failure to anticipate consumer demand for our branded solutions as well as an inability to maintain effective
working relationships with retail and online distributors may adversely impact our future results of operations.  

  We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed or canceled purchases by, one or more of our larger customers.   

         Some of our key customers account for a large portion of our disk drive revenue. While we have longstanding relationships with many of
our customers, if any of our key customers were to significantly reduce their purchases from us, our results of operations would be adversely affected. While sales to major customers may vary from
period to period, a major customer that permanently discontinues or significantly reduces its relationship with us could be difficult to replace. In line with industry practice, new customers usually
require that we pass a lengthy and rigorous qualification process at the customer's cost. Accordingly, it may be difficult or costly for us to attract new major customers. Additionally, mergers,
acquisitions, consolidations or other significant transactions involving our customers generally entail risks to our business. If a significant transaction involving any of our key customers results
in the loss of or reduction in purchases by these key customers, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

  We have a long and unpredictable sales cycle for enterprise data storage solutions.   

         Our enterprise data storage solutions are technically complex and we typically supply them in high quantities to a small number of
customers. Many of our products are also tailored to meet the specific requirements of individual customers, and are often integrated by our customers into the systems and products that they sell.
Factors that affect the length of our sales cycle include: 

 
 
 •  the time required for testing and evaluating our products before they are deployed;    
 •  the size of the deployment; and  
 •  the degree of system configuration necessary to deploy our products.  
 
 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         As
a result, our sales cycle for enterprise data storage solutions is often in excess of one year, and the length of our sales cycle is frequently unpredictable. In addition, the
emerging and evolving nature of the market for the products that we sell may lead prospective customers to postpone their purchasing decisions. We invest resources and incur costs during this cycle
that may not be recovered if we do not successfully conclude sales. These factors lead to difficulty in matching revenues with expenses, and to increased expenditures which together may adversely
impact our results of operations.  

  If we do not control our operating expenses, we will not be able to compete effectively in our industry.   

         We continually seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient. We are focused on increasing workforce
flexibility and scalability, and improving overall competitiveness by leveraging our global capabilities, as well as external talent and skills, worldwide. Our strategy involves, to a substantial
degree, increasing revenue and product volume while at the same time controlling operating expenses. If we do not control our operating expenses, our ability to compete in the marketplace may be
impaired. In the past, activities to reduce operating costs have included closures and transfers of facilities, significant personnel reductions and efforts to increase automation. The reduction of
personnel and closure of facilities may adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in required volumes to meet customer demand and may result in other disruptions that affect our
products and customer service. Our efforts to make our operations more efficient may result in restructuring and other charges.  


  Increases in the areal density of disk drives may outpace customers' demand for storage capacity.   

         The rate of increase in areal density, or storage capacity per square inch on a disk, may be greater than the increase in our
customers' demand for aggregate storage capacity, particularly in certain market applications like client compute. As a result, our customers' storage capacity needs may be satisfied with lower
priced, low capacity disk drives. These factors could decrease our sales, especially when combined with continued price erosion, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  

  If we do not develop products in time to keep pace with technological changes, our results of operations will be adversely affected.   


         Our customers have demanded new generations of disk drive products as advances in computer hardware and software have created the need
for improved storage products, with features such as increased storage capacity, improved performance and reliability and lower cost. We, and our competitors, have developed improved products, and we
will need to continue to do so in the future. Such product development requires significant investments in research and development. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete
the design or introduction of new products in a timely manner, that we will be able to manufacture new products in sufficient volumes with acceptable manufacturing yields, that we will be able to
successfully market these new products or that these products will perform to specifications on a long-term basis. In addition, the impact of slowing areal density growth may adversely impact our
ability to be successful.  

         When
we develop new products with higher capacity and more advanced technology, our results of operations may decline because the increased difficulty and complexity associated with
producing these products increases the likelihood of reliability, quality or operability problems. If our products suffer increases in failures, are of low quality or are not reliable, customers may
reduce their purchases of our products and our manufacturing rework and scrap costs and service and warranty costs may increase. In addition, a decline in the reliability of our products may make us
less competitive as compared with other disk drive manufacturers or competing technologies.  

 24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Due to the complexity of our products, some defects may only become detectable after deployment.   


         Our products are highly complex and are designed to operate in and form part of larger complex networks and storage systems. Defects in
our products, or in the networks and systems of which they form a part, directly or indirectly, have resulted in and may in the future result in: 

 
 
 •  increased costs and product delays until complex solution level interoperability issues are resolved;    
 •  costs associated with the remediation of any problems attributable to our products;    
 •  loss of or delays in revenues;  
 •  loss of customers;  
 •  failure to achieve market acceptance and loss of market share;  
 •  increased service and warranty costs; and  
 •  increased insurance costs.  
 

         Defects
in our products could also result in legal actions by our customers for property damage, injury or death. Product liability claims could exceed the level of insurance coverage
that we have obtained to cover defects in our products. Any significant uninsured claims could significantly harm our financial condition.  

  Our substantial leverage may place us at a competitive disadvantage in our industry.   

         We are leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. Our significant debt and debt service requirements could adversely
affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. For example, our high level of debt presents the following
risks: 

 
 
 •  we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt,
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general
corporate requirements;  
 •  our substantial leverage increases our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry
conditions and could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged;  
 •  our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our
industry and could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for operations or capital in the future and implement our business strategies;    
 •  our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital,
capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements; and  
 •  covenants in our debt instruments limit our ability to pay future dividends or make other restricted payments and
investments.  
 

         In
the event that we need to refinance all or a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as the terms of our existing debt or
refinance our existing debt at all. If prevailing interest rates or other factors existing at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense
relating to the refinanced debt would increase. Furthermore, if any rating agency changes our credit rating or outlook, our debt and equity securities could be negatively affected, which could
adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt or raise additional capital.  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash and our ability to generate cash may be affected by factors beyond our control.   


         Our business may not generate cash flow in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal of, or interest on, our indebtedness
or to fund our other liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances and other general corporate
requirements.  

         Our
ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you
that: 

 
 
 •  our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations;  
 •  we will continue to realize the cost savings, revenue growth and operating improvements that result from the execution of
our long-term strategic plan; or  
 •  future sources of funding will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs.  
 

         If
we cannot fund our liquidity needs, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments
and alliances, and other general corporate requirements. We cannot assure you that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that they
would permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In addition if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage, including the risk that we will be unable
to service our debt or generate enough cash flow to fund our liquidity needs, could intensify.  

  Our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our shareholders could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly.   

         Our ability to pay quarterly dividends will be subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations,
available cash and cash flow, capital requirements, and other factors. Any reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline
significantly. Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly dividends is reduced or discontinued, our failure or inability to resume paying dividends at historical levels could result in a
persistently low market valuation of our ordinary shares.  

  If revenues fall or customer demand decreases significantly, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments to certain suppliers.   

         From time to time, we enter into long-term, non-cancelable purchase commitments or make large up-front investments with certain
suppliers in order to secure certain components or technologies for the production of our products or to supplement our internal manufacturing capacity for certain components. If our actual revenues
in the future are lower than our projections or if customer demand decreases significantly below our projections, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments with these suppliers. As a result, it
is possible that our revenues will not be sufficient to recoup our up-front investments, in which case we will have to shift output from our internal manufacturing facilities to these suppliers or
make penalty-type payments under these contracts.  

  We may not be able to identify suitable strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investment opportunities, or successfully acquire and integrate companies that
provide complementary products or technologies.   

         Our growth strategy involves pursuing strategic alliances with, making acquisitions of, forming joint ventures with or making
investments in other companies that are complementary to our business. There is substantial competition for attractive strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture and investment  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 candidates.
Accordingly, we may not be able to identify suitable strategic alliances, acquisition, joint venture, or investment candidates. Even if we can identify them, we cannot assure you that we
will be able to partner with, acquire or invest in suitable candidates, or integrate acquired technologies or operations successfully into our existing technologies and operations. Moreover, our
ability to finance potential strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investments will be limited by our high degree of leverage, the covenants contained in the instruments that govern our
outstanding indebtedness, and any agreements governing any other debt we may incur.  


         If
we are successful in forming strategic alliances or acquiring, forming joint ventures or making investments in other companies, any of these transactions may have an adverse effect on
our results of operations, particularly while the operations of an acquired business are being integrated. It is also likely that integration of acquired companies would lead to the loss of key
employees from those companies or the loss of customers of those companies. In addition, the integration of any acquired companies would require substantial attention from our senior management, which
may limit the amount of time available to be devoted to our day-to-day operations or to the execution of our strategy. Growth by strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture or investment involves
an even higher degree of risk to the extent we combine new product offerings and enter new markets in which we have limited experience, and no assurance can be given that acquisitions of entities with
new or alternative business models will be successfully integrated or achieve their stated objectives.  

         Furthermore,
the expansion of our business involves the risk that we might not manage our growth effectively, that we would incur additional debt to finance these acquisitions or
investments, that we may have impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets associated with these acquisitions and that we would incur substantial charges relating to the write-off of
in-process research and development, similar to that which we incurred in connection with several of our prior acquisitions. Each of these items could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.  

         In
addition, we could issue additional ordinary shares in connection with future strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investments. Issuing shares in connection with such
transactions would have the effect of diluting your ownership percentage of the ordinary shares and could cause the price of our ordinary shares to decline.  


  We may not be successful in our efforts to grow our cloud systems and solutions business.   

         We have made and are continuing to make investments to expand and develop our cloud systems and solutions business, including our
recent acquisition of Xyratex Ltd ("Xyratex"), a data storage technology company. Our cloud systems and solutions business is subject to the following
risks: 

 
 
 •  the cloud systems and solutions market may develop more slowly than we expect;    
 •  we may not be able to offer compelling solutions to enterprises and consumers;    
 •  our cloud systems and solutions business generally has a long and unpredictable sales cycle, and growth in this business
is likely to depend on relatively large customer orders, which may increase the variability of our results of operations and the difficulty of matching revenues with expenses.  
 

         Our
results of operations and share price may be adversely affected if we are not successful in our efforts to grow our cloud computing business as anticipated. In addition, our growth
in this sector may bring us into closer competition with some of our customers or potential customers, which may decrease their willingness to do business with us.  

 27 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  We are at times subject to intellectual property legal proceedings and claims which could cause us to incur significant additional costs or prevent us from selling our
products, and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.   

         We are subject from time-to-time to legal proceedings and claims, including claims of alleged infringement of the patents, trademarks
and other intellectual property rights of third parties by us, or our customers, in connection with their use of our products. Intellectual property litigation can be expensive and time-consuming,
regardless of the merits of any claim, and could divert our management's attention from operating our business. In addition, intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to
the complexity of the technical issues involved, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Patent litigation has increased due to the current uncertainty of the law
and the increasing competition and overlap of product functionality in the field. Some of the actions that we face from time-to-time seek injunctions against the sale of our products and/or
substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded, could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  


         We
cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual property rights of others. We may not be aware of currently filed patent
applications that relate to our products or technology. If patents are later issued on these applications, we may be liable for
infringement. If our products were found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing
products in one or more geographic locations, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain licenses to the technology
infringed. We might not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able to reengineer our products successfully to avoid infringement. Any of the foregoing could
cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our products, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See "Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data-Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies" contained in this report for a description of pending intellectual property proceedings.  

  We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

         We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements
to protect our IP rights. In the past, we have been involved in significant and expensive disputes regarding our IP rights and those of others, including claims that we may be infringing patents,
trademarks and other IP rights of third-parties. We expect that we will be involved in similar disputes in the future.  

         There
can be no assurance that: 

 
 
 •  any of our existing patents will continue to be held valid, if challenged;    
 •  patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;  
 •  any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have sufficient scope or strength to protect us; or    
 •  our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our products are sold in order to protect our rights and
potential commercial advantage.  
 

         In
addition, our competitors may be able to design their products around our patents and other proprietary rights. Enforcement of our rights often requires litigation. If we bring a
patent infringement action and are not successful, our competitors would be able to use similar technology to compete with us. Moreover, the defendant in such an action may successfully countersue us
for infringement of their patents or assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable.  

 28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         Furthermore,
we have significant operations and sales in foreign countries where intellectual property laws and enforcement policies are often less developed, less stringent or more
difficult to enforce than in the United States.  

  We are heavily dependent on our proprietary technology and our competitors may gain access to this technology.   

         We depend heavily on our proprietary technology and rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trade secret laws to protect our
intellectual property and expertise. We also attempt to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through confidentiality agreements with our customers, suppliers and employees and
through other security measures. Despite these efforts, we cannot give assurances that others will not gain access to our trade secrets or that we can fully protect our intellectual property. In
addition, effective trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain countries in which we operate. Nor can we guarantee that our competitors will not independently develop comparable
technologies. We cannot rely on our patents to provide us with any significant competitive advantage. Failure to protect our proprietary rights could significantly harm our financial condition.  

  We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, and other serious negative consequences if we sustain
cyber-attacks or other data security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers or other third-parties.   

         Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment and the electronic data stored in our databases from
damage by, among other things, earthquake, fire, natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, employee misconduct, physical or electronic
break-ins, cyber-attacks, or similar events or disruptions. We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data
relating to our operations. In addition, our outsourcing services and cloud computing businesses routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data for our customers and vendors, including
sensitive and personally identifiable information. As our operations become more automated and increasingly interdependent, our exposure to the risks posed by these types of events will increase. We
have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, cyber-attacks, or other computer-related attempts to breach the information technology systems we use
for these purposes. We may also be subject to information technology system failures and network disruptions due to these factors. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate
our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be
able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. In addition, sophisticated
hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could
unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system.  

         The
costs to us to eliminate or address the foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. System redundancy may be
ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or
cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, or other critical functions. We could lose existing or potential customers for
outsourcing services or other information technology solutions in connection with any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. In addition, breaches of our security measures and
the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or other third-parties, could expose us, our vendors and customers, or other
third-parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 business.
In addition, we rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers whose possible security problems and security vulnerabilities may have similar effects on us.  

         We
are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the U.S. and other countries relating to the collection, use, and security of user data. In many cases, these laws apply not only to
third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, and among us, our subsidiaries and other parties with which we have commercial relations. Our ability to
execute transactions and to possess and use personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require us to notify vendors, customers
or employees of a data security breach. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law,
regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. These laws, protocols and standards continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging
and changing international
requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. If we fail to comply with applicable federal, state or international privacy-related or data
protection laws we may be subject to proceedings by governmental entities and incur penalties or significant legal liability.  

  Our international operations subject us to risks related to disruptions in foreign markets, currency exchange fluctuations, longer payment cycles, seasonality, limitations
imposed by a variety of legal and regulatory regimes, potential adverse tax consequences, increased costs, our customers' credit and access to capital, health-related risks, and access to personnel.   

         We have significant operations in foreign countries, including manufacturing facilities, sales personnel and customer support
operations. We have manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in addition to those in the United States. A substantial portion of our client compute disk
drive assembly occurs in our facility in China.  

         Our
international operations are subject to economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries, including the following:  

 
 
 •  Disruptions in Foreign Markets.   Disruptions in financial
markets and the deterioration of the underlying economic conditions in the past in some countries, including those in Asia, have had an impact on our sales to customers located in, or whose end-user
customers are located in, these countries.     
 •  Fluctuations in Currency Exchange Rates.   Prices for our
products are denominated predominately in U.S. dollars, even when sold to customers that are located outside the United States. Currency instability in Asia and other geographic markets may make our
products more expensive than products sold by other manufacturers that are priced in the local currency. Moreover, many of the costs associated with our operations located outside the United States
are denominated in local currencies. As a consequence, the increased strength of local currencies against the U.S. dollar in countries where we have foreign operations would result in higher effective
operating costs and, potentially, reduced earnings. From time to time, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates have negatively affected our operations and profitability and there can be no assurance
that these fluctuations will not adversely affect our operations and profitability in the future. We may attempt to manage the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes by, among other things,
entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts. However, these contracts may not cover our full exposure and subject us to certain counterparty credit risks. See
"Item 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk-Foreign Currency Exchange Risk" of this report for additional information about our foreign currency exchange risk.    
 •  Longer Payment Cycles.   Our customers outside of the
United States are often allowed longer time periods for payment than our U.S. customers. This increases the risk of nonpayment due to the  
 
 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 

 possibility
that the financial condition of particular customers may worsen during the course of the payment period.   

 
 
 •  Seasonality.   Seasonal reductions in the business
activities of our customers during the summer months, particularly in Europe, typically result in lower earnings during those periods.     
 •  Legal and Regulatory Limitations.   Our international
operations are affected by limitations on imports, tariffs, duties, currency exchange control regulations, price controls, export control laws, including the trade and economic sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and other restraints on trade. In addition, the governments of many countries, including China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in which we
have significant operating assets, have exercised and continue to exercise significant influence over many aspects of their domestic economies and international trade. Although we have implemented
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate these or other applicable laws and regulations to which we
may be subject. Violations of these laws and regulations could lead to significant penalties, including restraints on our export or import privileges, monetary fines, criminal proceedings and
regulatory or other actions that could materially adversely affect our results of operations.     
 •  Potential Adverse Tax Consequences.   Our international
operations create a risk of potential adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by our subsidiaries. In addition, our taxable income in any jurisdiction
is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm's length basis. Due to inconsistencies in application of the
arm's length standard among taxing authorities, as well as a lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our
income tax expense. We are subject to tax audits around the world, and are under audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us. Although we believe
our tax positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our recorded income tax provisions and accruals. The ultimate results of an audit could have
a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made and could result in increases to our overall tax expense in subsequent
periods.     
 •  Increased Costs.   The shipping and transportation costs
associated with our international operations are typically higher than those associated with our U.S. operations, resulting in decreased operating margins in some foreign countries.    
 •  Credit and Access to Capital Risks.   Our international
customers could have reduced access to working capital due to higher interest rates, reduced bank lending resulting from contractions in the money supply or the deterioration in the customer's or its
bank's financial condition, or the inability to access other financing.     
 •  Global Health Outbreaks.   The occurrence of a pandemic
disease may adversely impact our operations, and some of our key customers. Such diseases could also potentially disrupt the timeliness and reliability of the distribution network we rely on.    
 •  Access to Personnel.   There is substantial competition for
qualified and capable personnel in certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including China, which may make it difficult for us to recruit and retain qualified employees in sufficient numbers.
Increased difficulty in recruiting or retaining sufficient and adequate personnel in our international operations may lead to increased manufacturing and employment compensation costs, which could
adversely affect our results of operations.  
 
 31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Our international operations subject us to risks related to economic conditions, political unrest and terrorism.   


         We have manufacturing facilities in parts of the world that periodically experience political unrest. This could disrupt our ability to
manufacture important components as well as cause interruptions and/or delays in our ability to ship components to other locations for continued manufacture and assembly. Any such delays or
interruptions could result in delays in our ability to fill orders and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. U.S. and international responses to the ongoing
hostilities in various regions and the risk of terrorist attacks or hostilities elsewhere in the world could exacerbate these risks.  

         Macroeconomic
developments like the debt crisis in certain countries in the European Union and slowing economies in parts of Asia and South America could negatively affect our business,
operating results or financial condition which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. A general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the
curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce their information technology (IT) budgets or be unable to fund hardware systems, which could cause
customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services.  

         In
addition, political unrest in regions like the Middle East, terrorist attacks around the globe and the potential for other hostilities in various parts of the world, potential public
health crises and natural disasters continue to contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including
our revenue growth and profitability. These factors generally have the strongest effect on our sales.  

  The loss of key executive officers and employees could negatively impact our business prospects.   

         Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key members of management as well as marketing,
sales and product development personnel. The loss of one or more of our key personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We believe our
future success will also depend in large part upon our ability to attract, retain and further motivate highly skilled management, marketing,
sales and product development personnel. We have experienced intense competition for personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful
in attracting, assimilating and retaining personnel in the future.  

  Significant fluctuations in the market price of our ordinary shares could result in securities class action claims against us.   

         Significant price and value fluctuations have occurred with respect to the publicly traded securities of technology companies. The
price of our ordinary shares is likely to be volatile in the future. In the past, following periods of decline in the market price of a company's securities, class action lawsuits have often been
pursued against that company. If similar litigation were pursued against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could materially
adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  

  Deterioration in global credit and financial market conditions could negatively impact the value of our current portfolio of cash equivalents or short-term investments and
our ability to meet our financing objectives.   

         Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the
time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of readily marketable debt securities with remaining maturities of more than 90 days at the time of purchase. Our investment
policy has as its principal objectives the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity.  

 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 We
mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and by monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely.  


         While
as of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any material downgrades, losses, or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or short-term
investments, no assurance can be given that future deterioration in conditions of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact our current portfolio of cash equivalents or
short-term investments or our ability to meet our financing objectives.  

  Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.   

         The sale and manufacturing of products in certain states and countries may subject us and our suppliers to state, federal and
international laws and regulations governing protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous
substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, restrictions on the presence of certain substances in electronic products and the responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or
recycling. We endeavor to ensure that we and our suppliers comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations, however, compliance may increase our operating costs and otherwise impact
future financial results. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures. If we fail to comply with
applicable environmental laws, regulations, initiatives, or standards of conduct, our customers may refuse to purchase our products and we could be subject to fines, penalties and possible prohibition
of sales of our products into one or more states or countries, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation, which could result in a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
results of operations.  

  New conflict minerals regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our
products.   

         In August 2012, the SEC adopted new rules establishing additional disclosure and reporting requirements regarding the use of specified
minerals, or conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. These new rules will require us to determine, disclose
and report whether or not such conflict minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country, the first such report of which was filed on May 30, 2014. These new
rules could affect our ability to source certain materials used in our products at competitive prices and could impact the availability of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products,
including gold, tantalum, tin and tungsten. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers of "conflict free" minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict free
minerals in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Our customers, including our OEM customers, may require that our products be free of conflict minerals, and our revenues and margins may be
harmed if we are unable to procure conflict free minerals at a reasonable price, or at all, or are unable to pass through any increased costs associated with meeting these demands. Additionally, we
may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures
that we implement. We may also face challenges with government regulators and our customers and suppliers if we are unable to sufficiently verify that the metals used in our products are conflict
free. We expect that there may be material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products,
as well as costs related to possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification and disclosure requirements.  

 33 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Because we experience seasonality in the sales of our products, our results of operations will generally be adversely impacted during the second half of our fiscal year.   

         Sales of computer systems, storage subsystems and consumer electronics tend to be seasonal, and therefore we expect to continue to
experience seasonality in our business as we respond to variations in our customers' demand for our products. In particular, we anticipate that sales of our products will continue to be lower during
the second half of our fiscal year. In the client compute and client non-compute market applications of our disk drive business, this seasonality is partially attributable to the historical trend in
our results derived from our customers' increased sales of desktop computers, notebook computers, and consumer electronics during the back-to-school and winter holiday season. In the enterprise market
our sales are seasonal because of the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles of our end users. Since our working capital needs peak during periods in which we are increasing production in
anticipation of orders that have not yet been received, our results of operations will fluctuate seasonally even if the forecasted demand for our products proves accurate. Furthermore, it is difficult
for us to evaluate the degree to which this seasonality may affect our business in future periods because of the rate and unpredictability of product transitions and new product introductions,
particularly in the client non-compute market, as well as macroeconomic conditions.  

  The price of our ordinary shares may be volatile and could decline significantly.   

         The stock market, in general, and the market for technology stocks in particular, has recently experienced volatility that has often
been unrelated to the operating performance of companies. If these market or industry-based fluctuations continue, the trading price of our ordinary shares could decline significantly independent of
our actual operating performance, and you could lose all or a substantial part of your investment. The market price of our ordinary shares could fluctuate significantly in response to several factors,
including among others: 

 
 
 •  general uncertainty in stock market conditions occasioned by global economic conditions, negative financial news and the
continued instability of several large financial institutions;  
 •  actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations;  
 •  announcements of innovations, new products or significant price reductions by us or our competitors, including those
competitors who offer alternative storage technology solutions;  
 •  our failure to meet the performance estimates of investment research analysts;    
 •  the timing of announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts or acquisitions;    
 •  general stock market conditions;  
 •  the occurrence of major catastrophic events;  
 •  changes in financial estimates by investment research analysts;  
 •  changes in the credit ratings of our indebtedness by rating agencies; and    
 •  the sale of our ordinary shares held by certain equity investors or members of management.  
 

  Political events, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues and other circumstances could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition.   

         War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, natural disasters, public health issues, and other business interruptions have caused and
could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on our business, our suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing
vendors and customers. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts, labor  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 disputes,
public health issues, and other events beyond our control. Such events could decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to make and deliver products to our
customers, or to receive components from our suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. In the event of a natural disaster, losses and significant recovery time could be
required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be
negatively affected by stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production
ramps of new products, and disruptions in our operations and some of our key customers.  

  If we do not realize the expected benefits of our strategic alignment with Samsung, our business and financial condition may be materially impaired.   

         We may not achieve the desired benefits from our strategic alignment with Samsung. Even if we are able to successfully integrate the
business that we acquired from Samsung into our business, we may not be able to realize the cost savings, synergies and growth that we anticipate from this transaction in the timeframe we currently
expect, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than we currently expect, because of a number of risks, including but not limited to: 

 
 
 •  The possibility that the transaction may not further our business strategy as we expected;    
 •  Our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume in the transaction;
and  
 •  The risk of intellectual property disputes with respect to the acquired assets.  
 

         In
addition, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce conditioned its approval of the Samsung acquisition on our compliance with several on-going requirements, including: adopting measures to
keep the Samsung HDD brand as a separate competitor to the Seagate HDD brand, expanding the Samsung HDD production capacity within six months of the decision, and investing at least
$800 million per year for three years in R&D in our combined Samsung and Seagate HDD businesses. Compliance with these obligations may involve significant costs or require changes in business
practices that result in reduced revenue. Noncompliance could result in extending the time under which we would be compelled to operate under these conditions.  


         As
a result of these risks, the transaction may not contribute to our earnings as we expected, we may not achieve expected cost synergies when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve
the other anticipated strategic and financial benefits of this transaction.  

  Our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards might be limited.   

         At June 27, 2014, the use of approximately $376 million and $90 million of our U.S. net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards, respectively, is subject to an aggregate annual limitation of $46 million pursuant to U.S. tax law. To the extent these net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are
available, we intend to use them to reduce the corporate income tax liability associated with our operations in the U.S. Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code generally imposes an
annual limitation on the amount of net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards that might be used to offset taxable income when a corporation has undergone significant changes in ownership. As a
result, future changes in ownership, such as changes in ownership resulting from future repurchases of our ordinary shares, could put limitations on the availability of our net operating loss or tax
credit carryforwards. If certain ownership changes occur in the foreseeable future, there may be an additional annual limitation on our ability to use our total U.S. federal and state net operating
loss and credit carryforwards of $2.9 billion, $1.8 billion, and $429 million, respectively. If these ownership changes were to occur, we estimate a one-time charge for additional
U.S. income tax expense of approximately $400 million to $500 million may be recorded in the period such  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 change
occurs. This additional income tax expense results from a decrease in our net U.S. deferred tax assets recorded through a combination of the write off of deferred tax assets and associated
changes to our valuation allowance. We also estimate that the ensuing additional annual limitation on our ability to use tax attribute carryovers may result in increased U.S. income tax expense
associated with such change of approximately $70 million to $85 million each year.   

   
       ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          


         None.  

 36 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES          

         Our company headquarters are located in Ireland, while our U.S. executive offices are located in Cupertino, California. Our principal
manufacturing facilities are located in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and Minnesota. Our principal product development facilities are located in California, Colorado,
Minnesota, Singapore and South Korea. Our leased facilities are occupied under leases that expire at various times through 2082.  


         Our
material manufacturing, product development and marketing and administrative facilities at June 27, 2014 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Location

 

  
   
 Building(s) 
Owned or Leased  
   
 Approximate 
Square Footage  
   
 Primary Use  
 
 
   United States 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   California 
   
 Owned/Leased 
   
   
 1,051,000 
   
 Product development and marketing and administrative 
 
 
   Colorado 
   
 Owned 
   
   
 528,000 
   
 Product development 
 
 
   Minnesota 
   
 Owned/Leased 
   
   
 1,085,000 
   
 Manufacture of recording heads and product development 
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Northern Ireland 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Springtown 
   
 Owned 
   
   
 479,000 
   
 Manufacture of recording heads 
 
 
   Asia 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   China 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Suzhou 
   
 Owned/Leased (1) 
   
   
 1,103,000 
   
 Manufacture of drives 
 
 
   Wuxi 
   
 Leased 
   
   
 718,000 
   
 Manufacture of drives and drive subassemblies 
 
 
   Malaysia 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Johor 
   
 Owned (1) 
   
   
 631,000 
   
 Manufacture of substrates 
 
 
   Penang 
   
 Owned (1) 
   
   
 402,000 
   
 Manufacture of drive subassemblies 
 
 
   Seremban 
   
 Owned/Leased (1) 
   
   
 386,000 
   
 Manufacture of test equipment and systems 
 
 
   Singapore 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Woodlands 
   
 Owned (1) 
   
   
 1,404,000 
   
 Manufacture of media 
 
 
   Science Park 
   
 Leased 
   
   
 110,000 
   
 Product development 
 
 
   Thailand 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Korat 
   
 Owned 
   
   
 1,723,000 
   
 Manufacture of drives and drive subassemblies 
 
 
   Teparuk 
   
 Owned 
   
   
 362,000 
   
 Manufacture of drive subassemblies 
 
 
   Korea 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Suwon 
   
 Owned 
   
   
 220,000 
   
 Product development 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Land
leases for these facilities expire at varying dates through 2067.  
  
          As
of June 27, 2014, we owned or leased a total of approximately 12.2 million square feet of space worldwide. We occupied approximately 7.5 million square feet for
the purpose of manufacturing, 1.9 million square feet for product development, 2.1 million square feet for marketing and administrative purposes. Included in the 12.2 million
square feet of owned or leased space is a total of 0.7 million square feet that is currently unoccupied, primarily as a result of site closures at our facilities in Longmont, Colorado. We
believe that our existing properties are in good operating condition and are suitable and adequate for the operations for which they are used. As of June 27, 2014, all of our material
manufacturing facilities are operating at normal utilization levels and none of our manufacturing facilities are experiencing significant underutilization.   

   
       ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 14. Legal, Environmental and Other
Contingencies."   

   
       ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         Not applicable.  

 37 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
 PART II          


   
       ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          

  Market Information   


         Our shares trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "STX." The high and low sales prices of our shares, as reported by
the NASDAQ Global Select Market, are set forth below for the periods indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Price Range  
   
 
 
 Fiscal Quarter

 

  
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   Quarter ended September 28, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 35.71 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.86 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended December 28, 2012 
   
 

 
$ 
 31.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 24.90 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended March 29, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 37.94 
   
 
 
$ 
 29.80 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended June 28, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 45.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 33.22 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended September 27, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 47.82 
   
 
 
$ 
 37.17 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended December 27, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.64 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.73 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended March 28, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 62.76 
   
 
 
$ 
 48.21 
   
 
 
   Quarter ended June 27, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 58.35 
   
 
 
$ 
 48.49 
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of August 1, 2014 there were approximately 997 holders of record of our ordinary shares. We did not sell any of our equity securities during fiscal year 2014 that were not
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Performance Graph   

         The performance graph below shows the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares for the period from July 3,
2009 to June 27, 2014. This is compared with the cumulative total return of the Dow Jones US Computer Hardware Index and the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index over the same period. The
graph assumes that on July 3, 2009, $100 was invested in our ordinary shares and $100 was invested in each of the other two indices, with dividends reinvested on the date of payment without
payment of any commissions. Dollar amounts in the graph are rounded to the nearest whole dollar. The performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an
indication of future performance.  

 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 7/3/2009  
   
 7/2/2010  
   
 7/1/2011  
   
 6/29/2012  
   
 6/28/2013  
   
 6/27/2014  
   
 
 
   Seagate Technology plc 
   
   
 100.00 
   
   
 70.48 
   
   
 88.51 
   
   
 139.96 
   
   
 264.96 
   
   
 354.43 
   
 
 
   S&P 500 
   
   
 100.00 
   
   
 114.07 
   
   
 149.45 
   
   
 151.96 
   
   
 179.19 
   
   
 218.75 
   
 
 
   Dow Jones US Computer Hardware 
   
   
 100.00 
   
   
 142.12 
   
   
 181.79 
   
   
 238.67 
   
   
 187.02 
   
   
 282.71 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * $100
invested on 7/3/09 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends.
 Copyright©
2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved.  
  
  39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Dividends   

         Our ability to pay dividends in the future will be subject to, among other things, general business conditions within the disk drive
industry, our financial results, the impact of paying dividends on our credit ratings and legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by our subsidiaries to us or by us to our
ordinary shareholders, including restrictions imposed by covenants on our debt instruments.  

         The
following were dividends paid in the last two fiscal years:  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Record Date  
   
 Paid Date  
   
 Dividend 
per Share  
   
 
 
   August 5, 2012 
   
 August 26, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.32 
   
 
 
 November 14, 2012 
   
 November 29, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.32 
   
 
 
 December 14, 2012 
   
 December 28, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.38 
   
 
 
   May 15, 2013 
   
 May 29, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.38 
   
 
 
   August 7, 2013 
   
 August 21, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.38 
   
 
 
 November 12, 2013 
   
 November 26, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.43 
   
 
 
 February 10, 2014 
   
 February 24, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.43 
   
 
 
   May 14, 2014 
   
 May 28, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.43 
   
 
 
 


         From
the closing of our initial public offering in December 2002 through 2014, we have paid dividends, pursuant to our dividend policy then in effect, totaling approximately
$2.5 billion in the aggregate.  

  Repurchases of Our Equity Securities   

         All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association. There is no expiration date on
this authorization.  

         On
July 24, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase $2.5 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares. As of June 27, 2014,
$1.5 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase authorization limit.  


         The
following table sets forth information with respect to all repurchases of our shares made during the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period  
   
 Total 
Number of 
Shares 
Purchased  
   
 Average Price 
Paid per 
Share  
   
 Total Number of 
Shares 
Purchased 
as Part of 
Publicly 
Announced Plans 
or Programs  
   
 Approximate 
Dollar Value of 
Shares 
Purchased 
Under 
the Plans or 
Programs  
   
 Approximate 
Dollar Value of 
Shares that May 
Yet Be 
Purchased Under 
the Plans or 
Programs  
   
 
 
 (In millions, except average price paid per share) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   1st Quarter through 3rd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2014 
   
   
 40.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 46.57 
   
   
 40.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,886 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,517 
   
 
 
   March 29, 2014 through April 25, 2014 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,517 
   
 
 
   April 26, 2014 through May 23, 2014 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 49.60 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 1,491 
   
 
 
   May 24, 2014 through June 27, 2014 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,491 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Through 4th Quarter of Fiscal Year 2014 
   
   
 41.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 46.63 
   
   
 41.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,912 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,491 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  40 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          


         The following selected consolidated financial data set forth below is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations, and
should be read in conjunction with "Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included in "Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference, to fully understand factors that may affect the comparability of the
information presented below.  

         The
Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the fiscal years ended June 27, 2014, June 28, 2013 and June 29, 2012, and the Consolidated Balance Sheet data as
of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, are derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Consolidated
Statements of Operations data for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2011 and July 2, 2010, and the Consolidated Balance Sheet data at June 29, 2012, July 1, 2011 and
July 2, 2010, are derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 July 1, 
2011  
   
 July 2, 
2010  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,724 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,939 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,971 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,395 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 3,846 
   
   
 3,940 
   
   
 4,684 
   
   
 2,146 
   
   
 3,204 
   
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 1,776 
   
   
 2,091 
   
   
 3,108 
   
   
 806 
   
   
 1,740 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 1,570 
   
   
 1,838 
   
   
 2,862 
   
   
 511 
   
   
 1,609 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 9,492 
   
   
 9,243 
   
   
 10,106 
   
   
 9,225 
   
   
 8,247 
   
 
 
   Total debt 
   
   
 3,920 
   
   
 2,777 
   
   
 2,863 
   
   
 3,512 
   
   
 2,502 
   
 
 
   Equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,832 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,506 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,497 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,463 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,724 
   
 
 
   Net income per share: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.66 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.97 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.72 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.13 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.28 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 4.52 
   
   
 4.81 
   
   
 6.49 
   
   
 1.09 
   
   
 3.14 
   
 
 
   Number of shares used in per share computations: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 337 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 426 
   
   
 451 
   
   
 491 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 347 
   
   
 382 
   
   
 441 
   
   
 467 
   
   
 514 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 
1.67 
   
 
 
$ 
 
1.40 
   
 
 
$ 
 
0.86 
   
 
 
$ 
 
0.18 
   
 
 
$ 
 
— 
   
 
 
 
  
   Supplementary Financial Data (Unaudited)   

 

  Quarterly Data   

 

         The Company operated and reported financial results based on 13-week quarters in fiscal years 2014 and 2013, which ended on the Friday
closest to September 30, December 31, March 31, and June 30.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year 2014 Quarters Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 March 28, 
2014  
   
 December 27, 
2013  
   
 September 27, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,301 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,406 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,528 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,489 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 925 
   
   
 959 
   
   
 987 
   
   
 975 
   
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 410 
   
   
 444 
   
   
 444 
   
   
 478 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 320 
   
   
 395 
   
   
 428 
   
   
 427 
   
 
 
   Net income per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.98 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.21 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.27 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.20 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 0.95 
   
   
 1.17 
   
   
 1.24 
   
   
 1.16 
   
 
 
 
  
  41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year 2013 Quarters Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 March 29, 
2013  
   
 December 28, 
2012  
   
 September 28, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,425 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,526 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,668 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,732 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 939 
   
   
 948 
   
   
 992 
   
   
 1,061 
   
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 448 
   
   
 465 
   
   
 555 
   
   
 624 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 348 
   
   
 416 
   
   
 492 
   
   
 582 
   
 
 
   Net income per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.97 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.33 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.48 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 0.94 
   
   
 1.13 
   
   
 1.30 
   
   
 1.42 
   
 
 
 
  
  42 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          

          The following is a discussion of the Company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results
of operations for the fiscal years ended June 27, 2014, June 28, 2013, and June 29, 2012. 

          You should read this discussion in conjunction with "Item 6. Selected Financial Data" and "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data" included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as noted, references to any fiscal year mean the twelve-month period ending on the Friday closest to June 30 of that
year. 

          Some of the statements and assumptions included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects and estimates of industry growth for the fiscal year ending July 3, 2015
and beyond. These statements identify prospective information and may include words such as "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "projects" and similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and management's current views and assumptions. These forward-looking
statements are conditioned upon and also involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from
those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors may be beyond our control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition. Such risks
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: uncertainty in global economic conditions, as consumers and businesses may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and financial news; the
impact of variable demand and the adverse pricing environment for disk drives, particularly in view of current business and economic conditions; our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and
sell our disk drive products in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality, particularly new disk drive products with lower cost structures; the impact of competing
product announcements; possible excess industry supply with respect to particular disk drive products and our ability to achieve projected cost savings in connection with restructuring plans.
Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements is also set forth in
"Item 1A.Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we encourage you to carefully read. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views
as of any subsequent date and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. The following is a discussion of the
financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years ended June 27, 2014, June 28, 2013, and June 29, 2012. 

         Our
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes
to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. MD&A is organized as follows:  

 
 
 •  Our Company.   Discussion of our business.    
 •  Business Overview.   Discussion of industry trends and
their impact on our business.     
 •  Fiscal Year 2014 Summary.   Overview of financial and
other highlights affecting us for fiscal year 2014.     
 •  Results of Operations.   Analysis of our financial results
comparing fiscal year 2014 to 2013 and comparing fiscal years 2013 to 2012.     
 •  Liquidity and Capital Resources.   An analysis of changes
in our balance sheets and cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition including the credit quality of our investment portfolio and potential sources of liquidity.  
 
 43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance-Sheet
Arrangements.   Overview of contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding as of June 27, 2014 and
an explanation of off-balance-sheet arrangements.     
 •  Critical Accounting Estimates.   Accounting estimates that
we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results.  
 

  Our Company   

         We are a leading provider of electronic data storage solutions. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as
disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary medium of mass
data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of electronic data storage products including solid state hybrid
drives ("SSHD") and solid state drives ("SSD").  

         Our
products are designed for enterprise servers, and storage systems in mission critical and nearline applications; client compute applications, where our products are designed
primarily for desktop and mobile computing; and client non-compute applications, where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as digital video recorders ("DVRs"),
personal data backup systems, portable external storage systems and digital media systems.  

         We
continue to make strategic investments in order to expand our storage solutions, enter new market adjacencies, and expand our technical expertise. As a result of recent acquisitions,
our product and solution portfolio for the enterprise data storage industry includes storage enclosures, integrated application platforms and high performance computing ("HPC") data storage solutions.
Our storage subsystems support a range of high-speed interconnect technologies to meet demanding cost and performance specifications. Our modular subsystem architecture allows us to support many
segments within the networked storage market by enabling different specifications of storage subsystem designs to be created from a standard set of interlocking technology modules.  

         In
addition to our data storage products and subsystems, we provide data storage services for small to medium-sized businesses, including online backup, data protection and recovery
solutions.  

  Business Overview   


         Our industry is characterized by several trends and factors that have a material impact on our strategic planning, financial condition
and results of operations.  

 

  Industry Supply Balance   

 

         From time to time the industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the disk drive
industry builds capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is
generally muted.  

         In
early October 2011, floodwaters north of Bangkok, Thailand inundated many manufacturing industrial parks that contained a number of the factories supporting the HDD industry's supply
chain. The HDD industry had concentrated a large portion of its supply chain participants within these industrial parks in an effort to reduce cost and improve logistics. As a result, the inundation
of floodwaters into these industrial parks had caused the closure or suspension of production by a number of participants within the HDD supply chain.  


         During
the supply chain disruption in fiscal year 2012, we believe demand exceeded supply due to the impact from the flooding in Thailand, resulting in an increase in the average selling
price ("ASP").  

 44 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
industry's ability to manufacture and ship drives had substantially recovered as of the end of fiscal year 2012. In fiscal years 2013 and 2014, we believe the HDD industry's capacity
to manufacture HDDs exceeded demand. However, following the impact of the flooding in Thailand and further industry consolidation in fiscal year 2012, the HDD industry has maintained improved pricing
discipline resulting in benign price erosion in fiscal years 2013 and 2014.  

 

  Demand Trends for Disk Drives   

 

         We believe that continued growth in digital content requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host,
distribute, manage, backup and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the manner which hard drives
are delivered to market and utilized by our customers will evolve as well.  

         We
believe that in the foreseeable future the traditional enterprise and client compute markets that require high capacity storage solutions, as well as the data intensive client
non-compute markets, will continue to be best served by hard disk drives due to the industry's ability to deliver cost effective, reliable and energy efficient mass storage devices. Furthermore, the
increased use of client non-compute devices that consume media-rich digital content streamed from the cloud increases the demand for high capacity disk drives in nearline applications.  


         Price Erosion.     Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for disk drive products with comparable capacity,
performance and
feature sets ("like-for-like products").  

         Disk
drive manufacturers typically attempt to offset price erosion with an improved mix of disk drive products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature
sets and/or product cost reductions.  

  Seasonality   

         The disk drive industry traditionally experiences seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the
calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. In addition,
corporate demand is typically higher during the second half of the calendar year.  

  Fiscal Year 2014 Summary   

         During the fiscal year 2014, we shipped 220 million units totaling 202 exabytes, generating revenue of $13.7 billion and
gross margins of 28% of revenue. Our operating cash flow was $2.6 billion. We issued $1 billion of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2025 and $800 million of 3.75% Senior Notes due 2018
during the June 2014 and December 2013 quarters, respectively. We repurchased approximately 41 million of our ordinary shares during the year for approximately $1.9 billion, paid
dividends of $0.6 billion, paid $0.7 billion for the early redemption and repurchase of debt with a principal value of $0.7 billion. Additionally, we acquired all of the
outstanding shares of Xyratex Ltd ("Xyratex"), a leading provider of data storage technology, for approximately $0.4 billion. During the June 2014 quarter, we entered into an agreement
to acquire LSI's Accelerated Solutions Division and Flash Components Division from Avago for approximately $0.5 billion. The LSI acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of the
fiscal year 2015.  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


  Results of Operations   

         We list in the table below summarized information from our consolidated statements of operations by dollars and as a percentage of
revenue:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,724 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,939 
   
 
 
   Cost of revenue 
   
   
 9,878 
   
   
 10,411 
   
   
 10,255 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 3,846 
   
   
 3,940 
   
   
 4,684 
   
 
 
   Product development 
   
   
 1,226 
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 1,006 
   
 
 
   Marketing and administrative 
   
   
 722 
   
   
 635 
   
   
 528 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
   
   
 98 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 38 
   
 
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 1,776 
   
   
 2,091 
   
   
 3,108 
   
 
 
   Other expense, net 
   
   
 (220 
 ) 
   
 (260 
 ) 
   
 (226 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,556 
   
   
 1,831 
   
   
 2,882 
   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (14 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
   
 20 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,570 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,838 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,862 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (as a percentage of Revenue) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 100 
 % 
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
   Cost of revenue 
   
   
 72 
   
   
 73 
   
   
 69 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 28 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 31 
   
 
 
   Product development 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Marketing and administrative 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 13 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 21 
   
 
 
   Other expense, net 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 19 
   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 11 
 % 
   
 12 
 % 
   
 19 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  46 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
following table summarizes information regarding revenue, volume shipments, exabytes, average selling prices (ASPs) and revenues by channel and geography:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions, except percentages, exabytes and ASPs) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Net Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,724 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,939 
   
 
 
   Unit Shipments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Enterprise 
   
   
 31 
   
   
 30 
   
   
 29 
   
 
 
   Client Compute 
   
   
 144 
   
   
 151 
   
   
 156 
   
 
 
   Client Non-Compute 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 39 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Units Shipped 
   
   
 220 
   
   
 226 
   
   
 224 
   
 
 
   ASP (per unit) 
   
 
 
$ 
 61 
   
 
 
$ 
 63 
   
 
 
$ 
 66 
   
 
 
   Exabytes Shipped 
   
   
 202 
   
   
 185 
   
   
 150 
   
 
 
   Revenues by Channel (%) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   OEM 
   
   
 68 
 % 
   
 68 
 % 
   
 72 
 % 
 
 
   Distributors 
   
   
 20 
 % 
   
 21 
 % 
   
 21 
 % 
 
 
   Retail 
   
   
 12 
 % 
   
 11 
 % 
   
 7 
 % 
 
 
   Revenues by Geography (%) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 27 
 % 
   
 27 
 % 
   
 26 
 % 
 
 
   EMEA 
   
   
 19 
 % 
   
 19 
 % 
   
 19 
 % 
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 54 
 % 
   
 54 
 % 
   
 55 
 % 
 
 
 
  
   Fiscal Year 2014 Compared to Fiscal Year 2013   

 

  Revenue   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 

 
$ 
 13,724 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 (627 
 ) 
   
  (4 
 )% 
 
 
 
  
          Revenue
in fiscal year 2014 decreased approximately 4%, or $0.6 billion, from fiscal year 2013 as a result of a 3% decrease in units shipped and a $2 decrease in the ASP due to
price erosion, partially offset by a more favorable product mix.  

 

  Gross Margin   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Cost of revenue 
   
 

 
$ 
 9,878 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,411 
   
 
 
$ 
 (533 
 ) 
   
  (5 
 )% 
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,846 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,940 
   
 
 
$ 
 (94 
 ) 
   
  (2 
 )% 
 
 
   Gross margin percentage 
   
   
 28 
 % 
   
 27 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          For
fiscal year 2014, gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased to 28% from 27% in the prior fiscal year, as a result of improved product mix and cost savings due to increases in
operational efficiencies, offset by modest price erosion.  

 47 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

  Operating Expenses   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Product development 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,226 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,133 
   
 
 
$ 
 93 
   
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   Marketing and administrative 
   
   
 722 
   
   
 635 
   
   
 87 
   
   
 14 
 % 
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
   
   
 98 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 24 
 % 
 
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 1,100 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Operating expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,070 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,849 
   
 
 
$ 
 221 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Product Development Expense.     Product development expenses for fiscal year 2014 increased from fiscal year 2013 due to increased
investments in HDD
and alternative storage technologies of approximately $35 million and headcount related costs of approximately $36 million, net of a decrease in variable performance based compensation
expenses of $26 million. In addition, the consolidation of Xyratex, acquired on March 31, 2014 contributed approximately $23 million to Product development expense.  

          Marketing and Administrative Expense.     Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2014 increased from fiscal year 2013 due to
a
$40 million increase in headcount related expenses due to annual focal increases and increased investments in certain strategic initiatives as well as enhancement of core businesses of
$25 million. In addition, the consolidation of Xyratex contributed approximately $15 million to Marketing and administrative expense.  


         Amortization of Intangibles.     Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2014 increased from fiscal year 2013 due to the commencement of
amortization
of certain in-process research and development assets acquired from Samsung's HDD business in December of 2011 and LaCie in August of 2012.  

          Restructuring and Other, net.     Restructuring and other, net for fiscal years 2014 increased from fiscal year 2013 primarily due to a
restructuring
charge recorded during the December 2013 quarter associated with a reduction in work force.  

 

  Other Expense, net   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Other expense, net 
   
 

 
$ 
 (220 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (260 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 40 
   
   
  (15 
 )% 
 
 
 
  
           Other expense, net.     Other expense, net for fiscal year 2014 decreased by $40 million from fiscal year 2013 due to a
$60 million
decrease in losses from the early redemption and repurchase of debt and a decrease of $18 million in interest expense due to a reduction in the average interest rate on our outstanding debt.
These decreases were partially offset by insurance proceeds of $25 million received during fiscal year 2013 for equipment damaged during the severe flooding in Thailand in October of 2011 and
$17 million lower gains on sales of our available for sale securities and strategic investments.  

 

  Income Taxes   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
 

 
$ 
 (14 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (7 
 ) 
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
 
  
  48 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


    
 Table of Contents   

         We recorded an income tax benefit of $14 million for fiscal year 2014 compared to an income tax benefit of $7 million for fiscal year 2013. Our
fiscal year 2014 benefit from income taxes included $58 million of income tax benefits related to the reversal of a portion of the valuation allowances recorded in prior periods and a net
decrease in tax reserves related to audit settlements offset by tax reserves on non-U.S. tax positions taken in prior fiscal years. Our fiscal year 2013 benefit for income taxes included
$52 million of income tax benefit from the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance recorded in prior periods.  


         Our
Irish tax resident parent holding company owns various U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in multiple non-Irish tax jurisdictions. Our worldwide operating income is either
subject to varying rates of tax or is exempt from tax due to tax holidays or tax incentive programs we operate under in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. These tax holidays or incentives are scheduled
to expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2020.  

         Our
income tax benefit recorded for fiscal year 2014 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before
income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are
considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. The acquisition of Xyratex is not expected to have a material
impact on our effective tax rate in future periods. Fiscal
year 2014 included a valuation allowance release associated with post-acquisitions restructuring. Our income tax benefit recorded for fiscal year 2013 differed from the provision for income taxes that
would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in
jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain
U.S. deferred tax assets. The acquisition of a majority interest in the outstanding shares of LaCie did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013.  

         Based
on our non-U.S. ownership structure and subject to (i) potential future increases in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets; and (ii) a future change in our
intention to indefinitely reinvest earnings from our subsidiaries outside of Ireland, we anticipate that our effective tax rate in future periods will generally be less than the Irish statutory rate.  

         At
June 27, 2014, our deferred tax asset valuation allowance was approximately $888 million.  


         At
June 27, 2014, we had net deferred tax assets of $615 million. The realization of these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on our ability to generate sufficient
U.S. and certain non-U.S. taxable income in future periods. Although realization is not assured, we believe that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount
of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, may increase or decrease in subsequent periods when we re-evaluate the underlying basis for our estimates of future U.S. and certain non-U.S.
taxable income.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, the use of approximately $376 million and $90 million of our total U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards, respectively, is
subject to an aggregate annual limitation of $46 million pursuant to U.S. tax law. If certain ownership changes occur in the foreseeable future, there may be an additional annual limitation on
our ability to use our total U.S. federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards of $2.9 billion, $1.8 billion and $429 million, respectively. It is reasonably
possible that such a change could occur. If these ownership changes were to occur, we estimate a one-time charge for additional U.S. income tax expense of approximately $400 million to
$500 million may be recorded in the period such change occurs. This additional income tax expense results from a decrease in our net U.S. deferred tax assets recorded through a combination of
the write off of deferred tax assets and associated changes to our valuation allowance. We also estimate that the ensuing additional annual limitation on our ability to use our tax attribute
carryovers may result in increased U.S. income tax expense associated with such change of approximately $70 million to $85 million each year.  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         As
of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, we had approximately $115 million and $157 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and
penalties. The unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is $115 million and $157 million as of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013,
respectively, subject to certain future valuation allowance reversals.  

         It
is our policy to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal year 2014,
we recognized a net tax expense for interest and penalties of $8 million as compared to a net tax expense for interest and penalties of $2 million during each fiscal year 2013 and fiscal
year 2012. As of June 27, 2014, we had $27 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits compared to $19 million in fiscal year 2013.  


         During
the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014, our unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties decreased by approximately $42 million primarily due to
(i) net decreases in prior years unrecognized tax benefits of $54 million, (ii) increases in current year unrecognized tax benefits of $13 million, (iii) decreases
associated with the expiration of certain statutes of limitation of $3 million, (iv) increases from other activity, including non-U.S. exchange gains, of $2 million.  

         During
the 12 months beginning June 28, 2014, we expect that our unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced anywhere from $3 million to $50 million as a
result of audit settlements and the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.  


         We
are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions globally and are required to file U.S. federal, U.S. state, and non-U.S income tax returns. In June, 2014, we received the Revenue
Agent's Report and Notices of Proposed Adjustments for our U.S. federal income tax returns for fiscal years 2008, 2009 and 2010. Our China subsidiaries are under examination by the Chinese tax
administration for years 2004 through 2012. These examinations may result in proposed adjustments to our income taxes as filed during these periods. We believe that we have adequately provided for
these matters, but there is a reasonable possibility that an adverse outcome of these examinations could have a material effect on our financial results. In this case, we would consider pursuing all
possible remedies available to us, including appeals, judicial review and competent authority.  


         We
are no longer subject to tax examination of U.S. federal income tax returns for years prior to fiscal year 2008. With respect to U.S. state and non-U.S. income tax returns, we are
generally no longer subject to tax examination for years ending prior to fiscal year 2004. We believe we have provided adequately for all reasonable outcomes.  

  Fiscal Year 2013 Compared to Fiscal Year 2012   

 

  Revenue   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 

 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,939 
   
 
 
$ 
 (588 
 ) 
   
  (4 
 )% 
 
 
 
  
          Revenue
in fiscal year 2013 decreased approximately 4%, or $0.6 billion, from fiscal year 2012 due to a decrease in the average selling price per unit. The decrease in the average
selling price to $63 per unit during fiscal year 2013, as compared to $66 per unit in the prior year, was primarily due to supply constraints beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012 as a
result of the severe flooding in Thailand, partially offset by a favorable product mix and slightly higher volumes in fiscal year 2013, which included a full period of Samsung labeled HDD products.  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

  Gross Margin   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Cost of revenue 
   
 

 
$ 
 10,411 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,255 
   
 
 
$ 
 156 
   
   
 2 
 % 
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,940 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,684 
   
 
 
$ 
 (744 
 ) 
   
  (16 
 )% 
 
 
   Gross margin percentage 
   
   
 27 
 % 
   
 31 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          For
fiscal year 2013, gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased to 27% from 31% in the prior fiscal year, as a result of higher ASPs during fiscal year 2012. Our ASPs during
fiscal year 2012 were increased due to the limited industry supply of hard drives as a result of the severe flooding in Thailand.  

 

  Operating Expenses   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Product development 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,133 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,006 
   
 
 
$ 
 127 
   
   
 13 
 % 
 
 
   Marketing and administrative 
   
   
 635 
   
   
 528 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 20 
 % 
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 38 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 108 
 % 
 
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
  (50 
 )% 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Operating expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,849 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,576 
   
 
 
$ 
 273 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Product Development Expense.     Product development expenses for fiscal year 2013 increased from fiscal year 2012, primarily due to
increased
investments in HDD and alternative storage technologies of approximately $84 million, and headcount related costs of approximately $41 million, net of a decrease in variable performance
based compensation of approximately $7 million.  

         Marketing and Administrative Expense.     Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2013 increased from fiscal year 2012
primarily due to
further investments in certain strategic initiatives as well as enhancement of our core business operations. This, along with our annual focal increases, resulted in additional headcount related costs
of $64 million, net of a reduction in variable performance based compensation of $7 million. In addition, the consolidation of LaCie in fiscal year 2013 contributed approximately
$32 million to Marketing and administrative expense.  

         Amortization of Intangibles.     Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2013 increased as a result of the acquisition of Samsung's HDD
business in
December of 2011, and LaCie in August of 2012.  

          Restructuring and Other, net.     Restructuring and other, net for fiscal years 2013 and 2012, was not material and primarily related to
previously
announced restructuring plans.  

 

  Other Expense, net   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Other expense, net 
   
 

 
$ 
 (260 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (226 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (34 
 ) 
   
 15 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          Other
expense, net for fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 increased due to a loss of $141 million on the early redemption and repurchase of debt. These losses were
partially offset by gains recorded for sales of our available for sale securities and strategic investments of $61 million, insurance proceeds of $25 million for equipment damaged during
the severe flooding in Thailand in October of 2011,  

 51 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 and
a decrease in interest expense of $27 million due to a reduction in our average interest rate and total debt levels.  

 

  Income Taxes   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
 

 
$ 
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
$ 
 (27 
 ) 
   
  (135 
 )% 
 
 
 
  
          We
recorded an income tax benefit of $7 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to an income tax provision of $20 million for fiscal year 2012. Our fiscal year 2013 benefit
for income taxes included $52 million of income tax benefit from the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance recorded in prior periods. Our fiscal year 2012 provision for income
taxes included $35 million of income tax benefit from the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance recorded in prior periods.  


         Our
income tax benefit recorded for fiscal year 2013 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before
income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are
considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain U.S. deferred tax assets. The acquisition of a majority interest in the outstanding
shares of LaCie did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013. Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2012 differed from the provision for income taxes that
would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in
jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain
U.S. deferred tax assets. The acquisition of Samsung's HDD business did not have a significant impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2012.  

  Liquidity and Capital Resources   

         The following sections discuss our principal liquidity requirements, as well as our sources and uses of cash and our liquidity and
capital resources. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily
of readily marketable securities with remaining maturities of more than 90 days at the time of purchase. The principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and
maintenance of liquidity. We intend to maintain a highly liquid portfolio by investing only in those marketable securities that we believe have active secondary or resale markets. We believe our cash
equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. We operate in some countries that have restrictive regulations over the movement of cash and/or foreign exchange across their borders.
However, these restrictions have not impeded our ability to conduct our business, nor do we expect them to in the next 12 months. We are not aware of any downgrades, losses or other significant
deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or short-term investments and accordingly, we do not believe the fair value of our short-term investments has significantly changed from the
values reported as of June 27, 2014.  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

  Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,634 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,708 
   
 
 
$ 
 926 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 20 
   
   
 480 
   
   
 (460 
 ) 
 
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 101 
   
   
 (97 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,658 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,289 
   
 
 
$ 
 369 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Our
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash and investments increased from June 28, 2013 as a result of net cash provided by operating activities and
the proceeds from the issuance of $800 million of our 3.75% Senior Notes due 2018 and $1 billion of our 4.75% Senior Notes due 2025. These cash inflows were partially offset by
repurchases of our ordinary shares, redemption and repurchase of certain of our long-term debt, capital expenditures, dividends paid to our shareholders and the acquisition of Xyratex.  


         The
following table summarizes results from the statement of cash flows for the periods indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Net cash flow provided by (used in): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Operating activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,558 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,047 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,262 
   
 
 
   Investing activities 
   
   
 (322 
 ) 
   
 (825 
 ) 
   
 (1,114 
 ) 
 
 
   Financing activities 
   
   
 (1,311 
 ) 
   
 (2,222 
 ) 
   
 (3,118 
 ) 
 
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 926 
   
 
 
$ 
 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (970 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Cash Provided by Operating Activities   

 

         Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2014 was approximately $2.6 billion and includes the effects of net income
adjusted for non-cash items including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and: 

 
 
 •  a decrease of $217 million in vendor non-trade receivables primarily related to a change in the contractual
relationship with some of our contract manufacturers which reduced the volume of components we sold to them;  
 •  a decrease of $190 million in accounts payable due to a change in the contractual relationship with some of our
contract manufacturers which resulted in a reduction in direct materials purchased and subsequently sold to our contract manufacturers; and  
 •  a decrease of $104 million in restricted cash and investments primarily due to the restricted cash and investments
held in a rabbi trust being replaced with a standby letter of credit.  
 

         Cash
provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2013 was approximately $3.0 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for non-cash items including
depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and: 

 
 
 •  a decrease of $661 million in accounts receivable, net, primarily due to a decrease in revenue in the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period;  
 
 53 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  a decrease of $538 million in accounts payable, primarily due to a reduction in direct materials purchases due to
a decrease in build volume in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period;  
 •  a decrease of $272 million in vendor non-trade receivables primarily due to a decrease in build volumes in the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period;  
 •  a decrease of $170 million in accrued expenses, income taxes and warranty, primarily due to decreases in costs
related to sales activities resulting from lower sales volumes; and  
 •  a decrease of $102 million in inventory, due to lower volumes in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared
to the prior year period.  
 

         Cash
provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2012 was approximately $3.3 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for non-cash items including
depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, impairment of long-lived assets, and: 

 
 
 •  an increase of $824 million in accounts receivable, net, due to an increase in revenues;    
 •  an increase of $157 million in accounts payable due to higher direct material purchases related to an increase in
volume, partially offset by a change in supplier payment terms; and  
 •  an increase of $145 million in accrued employee compensation reflecting an increase in variable performance-based
compensation.  

  Cash Used in Investing Activities   

 

         In fiscal year 2014, we used $0.3 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for property,
equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $559 million and the acquisition of Xyratex, of $285 million, partially offset by $508 million of proceeds from sales of
short-term investments.  

         In
fiscal year 2013, we used $0.8 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for property, equipment and leasehold improvements.  


         In
fiscal year 2012, we used $1.1 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for property, equipment and leasehold improvements of
approximately $0.6 billion and net payments for the acquisition of Samsung's HDD business of $0.6 billion.  

 

  Cash Used in Financing Activities   

 

         Net cash used in financing activities of $1.3 billion for fiscal year 2014 was primarily attributable to $1.9 billion
paid to repurchase 41 million of our ordinary shares, $0.7 billion for the repurchase and redemption of long term debt and $0.6 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders.
This use of cash was partially offset by $1.8 billion from aggregate cash generated from the issuance of our 3.75% Senior Notes due in 2018 and 4.75% Senior Notes due in 2025.  

         Net
cash used in financing activities of $2.2 billion for fiscal year 2013 was attributable to $1.7 billion paid to repurchase 54 million of our ordinary shares,
$1.2 billion for the repurchase and redemption of long term debt and $0.5 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders. This use of cash was partially offset by the proceeds from the
issuance of $1 billion of our 4.75% notes due 2023 and $0.3 billion in proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans.  


         Net
cash provided by financing activities of $3.1 billion for fiscal year 2012 was attributable to $2.4 billion paid to repurchase 101 million of our ordinary
shares, $0.7 billion in long term debt repayments and $0.4 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders. This use of cash was partially offset by $0.3 billion in proceeds from
the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchases.  

 54 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 

  Liquidity Sources   

 

         Our primary sources of liquidity as of June 27, 2014, consisted of: (1) approximately $2.7 billion in cash and
cash equivalents, and short-term investments, (2) cash we expect to generate from operations and (3) a $500 million revolving credit facility with an interest rate of LIBOR plus a
variable margin to be determined based on the corporate credit rating of the Company at the time a loan is made.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, no borrowings have been drawn under the revolving credit facility or had been utilized for letters of credit. The line of credit is available for borrowings,
subject to compliance with financial covenants and other customary conditions to borrowing.  

         The
credit agreement that governs our revolving credit facility, as amended, contains certain covenants that we must satisfy in order to remain in compliance with the credit agreement,
as amended. The agreement includes three financial covenants: (1) minimum cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities; (2) a fixed charge coverage ratio; and (3) a net leverage ratio. As of June 27, 2014, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our Revolving Credit
Facility and debt agreements.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, cash and cash equivalents held by non-Irish subsidiaries was $2.6 billion. This amount is potentially subject to taxation in Ireland upon repatriation
by means of a dividend into our Irish parent. However, it is our intent to indefinitely reinvest earnings of non-Irish subsidiaries outside of Ireland and our current plans do not demonstrate a need
to repatriate such earnings by means of a taxable Irish dividend. Should funds be needed in the Irish parent company and should we be unable to fund parent company activities through means other than
a taxable Irish dividend, we would be required to accrue and pay Irish taxes on such dividend.  

         We
believe that our sources of cash will be sufficient to fund our operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months.  

 

  Cash Requirements and Commitments   

 

         Our liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital, research and development and capital expenditure needs, to fund
scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, and to fund our dividend. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future
operating performance, and therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.  

         On
July 17, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.43 per share, which will be payable on August 22, 2014 to shareholders of record as of the
close of business on August 8, 2014.  


         As
of June 27, 2014, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. Based on our current outlook, we expect to be in compliance with the covenants of
our debt agreements over the next 12 months.  

 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         The
carrying value of our long-term debt as of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013 was $3.9 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively. The table below presents the
principal amounts of our outstanding long-term debt:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 Change  
   
 
 
   6.8% Senior Notes due October 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 335 
   
 
 
$ 
 335 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 
   
   
 800 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 800 
   
 
 
   7.75% Senior Notes due December 2018 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 238 
   
   
 (238 
 ) 
 
 
   6.875% Senior Notes due May 2020 
   
   
 534 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 (66 
 ) 
 
 
   7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 
   
   
 251 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 (349 
 ) 
 
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,000 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,920 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,777 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,143 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          During
fiscal year 2014, we repurchased approximately 41 million of our ordinary shares. See "Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities-Repurchases of Our Equity Securities."  

         On
May 29, 2014, we entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement under which we will acquire the assets of LSI's Accelerated Solutions Division ("ASD") and Flash Components
Division ("FCD") from Avago for $450 million in cash. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions
and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including those required by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.  

         For
fiscal year 2015, we expect capital expenditures to be at or below our long-term targeted range of 6-8% of revenue. We require substantial amounts of cash to fund scheduled payments
of principal and interest on our indebtedness, future capital expenditures and any increased working capital requirements. We will continue to evaluate and manage the retirement and replacement of
existing debt and associated obligations, including evaluating the issuance of new debt securities, exchanging
existing debt securities for other debt securities and retiring debt pursuant to privately negotiated transactions, open market purchases or otherwise. In addition, we may selectively pursue strategic
alliances, acquisitions and investments, which may require additional capital.  

 56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations and Commitments   

         Our contractual cash obligations and commitments as of June 27, 2014, have been summarized in the table below:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Fiscal Year(s)  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Total  
   
 2015  
   
 2016- 
2017  
   
 2018- 
2019  
   
 Thereafter  
   
 
 
   Contractual Cash Obligations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,920 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 335 
   
 
 
$ 
 800 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,785 
   
 
 
   Interest payments on debt 
   
   
 1,482 
   
   
 216 
   
   
 360 
   
   
 344 
   
   
 562 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 189 
   
   
 109 
   
   
 80 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Operating leases (1) 
   
   
 200 
   
   
 42 
   
   
 52 
   
   
 37 
   
   
 69 
   
 
 
   Purchase obligations (2) 
   
   
 772 
   
   
 772 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 6,563 
   
   
 1,139 
   
   
 827 
   
   
 1,181 
   
   
 3,416 
   
 
 
   Commitments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Letters of credit or bank guarantees 
   
   
 104 
   
   
 104 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,667 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,243 
   
 

 
$ 
 827 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,181 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,416 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Includes
total future minimum rent expense under non-cancelable leases for both occupied and vacated facilities (rent expense is shown net of sublease
income).
 (2) Purchase
obligations are defined as contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services, which are enforceable and legally binding on us, and that
specify all significant terms.  
  
          As
of June 27, 2014, we had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits and an accrual for the payment of related interest totaling $90 million, none of which is expected to
be settled within one year. Outside of one year, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when cash settlement with a taxing authority will occur.  


         On
May 29, 2014, we entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement under which we will acquire the assets of LSI's Accelerated Solutions Division ("ASD") and Flash Components
Division ("FCD") from Avago for $450 million in cash. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions
and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including those required by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.  

  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   


         As of June 27, 2014, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of
Regulation S-K).  

  Critical Accounting Policies   

         The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results
we report in our consolidated financial statements. The SEC has defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and
operating results, and require us to make our most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are highly uncertain at the time of estimation.
Based on this definition, our most critical policies include: establishment of sales program accruals, establishment of warranty accruals, accounting for income taxes, and the accounting for goodwill
and other long-lived assets. Below, we discuss these policies further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved. We also have other accounting policies and accounting estimates relating to
uncollectible customer accounts, valuation of inventory, valuation of share-based payments and restructuring. We believe that these other accounting policies and accounting estimates either do not
generally require us to make  

 57 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 estimates
and judgments that are as difficult or as subjective, or it is less likely that they would have a material impact on our reported results of operations for a given period.  

          Establishment of Sales Program Accruals.     We establish certain distributor and OEM sales programs aimed at increasing customer demand.
For OEM sales,
rebates are typically based on an OEM customer's volume of purchases or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution channel, these programs typically involve rebates related to a
distributor's level of sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity and price protection adjustments. We provide for these obligations at the time that revenue is recorded based on
estimated requirements. We estimate these contra-revenue rebates and adjustments based on various factors, including price reductions during the period reported, estimated future price erosion,
customer orders, distributor sell-through and inventory levels, program participation, customer claim submittals and sales returns. Our estimates reflect contractual
arrangements but also our judgment relating to variables such as customer claim rates and attainment of program goals, and inventory and sell-through levels reported by our distribution customers.
Currently, our distributors' inventories are within the historical range.  

         While
we believe we have sufficient experience and knowledge of the market and customer buying patterns to reasonably estimate such rebates and adjustments, actual market conditions or
customer behavior could differ from our expectations. As a result, actual payments under these programs, which may spread over several months after the related sale, may vary from the amount accrued.
Accordingly, revenues and margins in the period in which the adjustment occurs may be affected.  

         Significant
actual variations in any of the factors upon which we base our contra-revenue estimates could have a material effect on our operating results. In fiscal year 2014, sales
programs were approximately 8% of gross revenue. For fiscal years 2013 and 2012, total sales programs ranged from 2% to 10% of gross revenues. Adjustments to revenues due to under or over accruals for
sales programs related to revenues reported in prior quarterly periods averaged 0.3% of quarterly gross revenue for fiscal years 2012 through 2013, and were approximately 0.5% of gross revenue in
fiscal year 2014. Any future shifts in the industry supply-demand balance as well as other factors may result in a more competitive pricing environment and may cause sales programs as a percentage of
gross revenue to increase from the current or historical levels. If such rebates and incentives trend upwards, revenues and margins will be reduced.  

          Establishment of Warranty Accruals.     We estimate probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We generally warrant
our products
for a period of 1 to 5 years. Our warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns during the warranty periods), and estimated
repair or replacement costs related to product quality issues, if any. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell certain repaired disk drives. Should actual experience in any future
period differ significantly from our estimates, our future results of operations could be materially affected. Our judgment is subject to a greater degree of subjectivity with respect to newly
introduced products because of limited experience with those products upon which to base our warranty estimates.  

         The
actual results with regard to warranty expenditures could have an adverse or favorable effect on our results of operations if the actual rate of unit failure, the cost to repair a
unit, or the actual cost required to satisfy customer claims differs from those estimates we used in determining the warranty accrual. Since we typically outsource our warranty repairs, our repair
cost is subject to periodic negotiations with vendors and may vary from our estimates. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell certain repaired disk drives. To the extent such
sales fall below our forecast, warranty cost will be adversely impacted.  

         We
review our warranty accrual quarterly for products shipped in prior periods and which are still under warranty. Any changes in the estimates underlying the accrual may result in
adjustments that impact the current period gross margins and income. In fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 net changes in
estimates of prior warranty accruals as a percentage of revenue were immaterial. Our total warranty cost was 1.3%,  

 58 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 1.6%
and 1.5% of revenue during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, while warranty cost related to new shipments (exclusive of the impact of re-estimates of pre-existing liabilities) were
1.3%, 1.3% and 1.1% respectively, for the same periods. Changes in anticipated failure rates of specific products and significant changes in repair or replacement costs have historically been the
major reasons for significant changes in prior estimates. Any future changes in failure rates of certain products, as well as changes in repair costs or the cost of replacement parts, may result in
increased or decreased warranty accruals.  

          Accounting for Income Taxes.     We account for income taxes pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 740 (ASC 740),
Income Taxes. In
applying, ASC 740, we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits,
recognition of income and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial
statement purposes, as well as tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the
potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual
results, an additional tax benefit or provision will result. The deferred tax assets we record each period depend primarily on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States and
certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. Each period, we evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets and, if necessary, we adjust the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax
assets are recorded only to the extent we conclude it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. If our outlook for future taxable income changes significantly, our
assessment of the need for a valuation allowance may also change.  

          Assessing Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment.     We account for goodwill in accordance with ASC Topic 350,    Intangibles—Goodwill and Other.  As permitted by ASC 350, we perform a qualitative assessment at the end of each reporting period to
determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry that would indicate that it would more likely than not reduce the
fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount, then the Company is not required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test.  

         In
accordance with ASC 360-05-4,  Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets,  we test other long-lived assets, including property,
equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible assets subject to amortization, for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of those
assets may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected
to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of
the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using the same approaches indicated above for ASC 360 step two and compare it to its carrying value. The excess
of the carrying value over the fair value is allocated pro rata to derive the adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group. The adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group is
not reduced below its fair value.  

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   


         See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies" for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements on our financial statements.  

 59 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

   
       ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          


         We have exposure to market risks due to the volatility of interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity and bond markets. A
portion of these risks are hedged, but fluctuations could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Additionally, we have exposure to downgrades in the credit ratings of our
counterparties as well as exposure related to our credit rating changes.  

          Interest Rate Risk.     Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio. As of
June 27,
2014, the Company had no available-for-sale securities that had
been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. The Company determined no available-for-sale securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of
June 27, 2014. We currently do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio.  

         We
have fixed rate debt obligations. We enter into debt obligations for general corporate purposes including capital expenditures and working capital needs. We currently do not use
interest rate derivatives to hedge interest rate exposure on our outstanding debt.  


         The
table below presents principal amounts and related weighted average interest rates by year of maturity for our investment portfolio and debt obligations as of June 27, 2014.
All short-term investments mature in four years or less.  

   
   
   Fiscal Years Ended          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions, except percentages) 
   
 2015  
   
 2016  
   
 2017  
   
 2018  
   
 2019  
   
 Thereafter  
   
 Total  
   
 Fair Value 
at 
June 27, 2014  
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash equivalents: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fixed rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,309 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 2,309 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,309 
   
 
 
   Average interest rate 
   
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term investments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fixed rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 19 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
   Average interest rate 
   
   
 0.18 
 % 
   
   
   
   
 4.47 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 0.40 
 % 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total fixed income 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,328 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 2,329 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,329 
   
 
 
   Average interest rate 
   
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
   
   
   
 4.47 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fixed rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 335 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 800 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,785 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,920 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,060 
   
 
 
   Average interest rate 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 6.80 
 % 
   
   
   
   
 3.75 
 % 
   
 5.36 
 % 
   
 5.15 
 % 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.     We may enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposure related to certain
foreign currency
commitments and anticipated foreign currency denominated expenditures. Our policy prohibits us from entering into derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. During fiscal
years 2014 and 2013, we did not enter into any hedges of net investments in foreign operations.  


         We
also hedge a portion of our foreign currency denominated balance sheet positions with foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the risk that our earnings will be
adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates. The changes in fair value of these hedges are recognized in earnings in the same period as the gains and losses from the remeasurement of the
assets and liabilities. These foreign currency forward exchange contracts are not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815,  Derivatives and
Hedging.  All these forward contracts mature within 12 months.  


         We
evaluate hedging effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively and record any ineffective portion of the hedging instruments in Costs of Revenue on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. We did not  

 60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 have
any material net gains (losses) recognized in Costs of Revenue for cash flow hedges due to hedge ineffectiveness or discontinued cash flow hedges during fiscal years 2014 and 2013.  


         The
table below provides information as of June 27, 2014 about our foreign currency forward exchange contracts. The table is provided in U.S. dollar equivalent amounts and
presents the notional amounts (at the contract exchange rates) and the weighted average contractual foreign currency exchange rates.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions, except average contract rate) 
   
 Notional 
Amount  
   
 Average 
Contract Rate  
   
 Estimated 
Fair 
Value (1)   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Thai baht 
   
 
 
$ 
 143 
   
   
 32.83 
   
 
 
$ 
 2 
   
 
 
   British Pound Sterling 
   
   
 25 
   
   
 1.55 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   Malaysian Ringitt 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 3.32 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 177 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 5 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Equivalent
to the unrealized net gain (loss) on existing contracts.  
  

         Other Market Risks.     We have exposure to counterparty credit downgrades in the form of credit risk related to our foreign currency
forward exchange
contracts and our fixed income portfolio. We monitor and limit our credit exposure for our foreign currency forward exchange contracts by performing ongoing credit evaluations. We also manage the
notional amount of contracts entered into with any one counterparty, and we maintain limits on maximum tenor of contracts based on the credit rating of the financial institutions. Additionally, the
investment portfolio is diversified and structured to minimize credit risk. As of June 27, 2014, we had no material credit exposure related to our foreign currency forward exchange contracts.
Changes in our corporate issuer credit ratings have minimal impact on our financial results, but downgrades may negatively impact our future transaction costs and our ability to execute transactions
with various counterparties.  

         We
are subject to equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments selected by our employees as part of our Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan (the
"SDCP"). During the fiscal year 2014, the Company entered into a Total Return Swap ("TRS") in order to manage the equity market risks associated with the SDCP liabilities. The Company pays a floating
rate, based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to substantially offset changes in the SDCP liability due to changes in the value of the
investment options made by employees.  

 61 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

   
       SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   (In millions, except share and per share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,634 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,708 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 20 
   
   
 480 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 101 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 1,729 
   
   
 1,670 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 985 
   
   
 854 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 126 
   
   
 115 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 279 
   
   
 484 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 5,777 
   
   
 5,412 
   
 
 
   Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 
   
   
 2,136 
   
   
 2,269 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 537 
   
   
 476 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 359 
   
   
 405 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 499 
   
   
 456 
   
 
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 184 
   
   
 225 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,492 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,243 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,549 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,690 
   
 
 
   Accrued employee compensation 
   
   
 296 
   
   
 335 
   
 
 
   Accrued warranty 
   
   
 148 
   
   
 176 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 405 
   
   
 407 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 2,398 
   
   
 2,611 
   
 
 
   Long-term accrued warranty 
   
   
 125 
   
   
 144 
   
 
 
   Long-term accrued income taxes 
   
   
 90 
   
   
 87 
   
 
 
   Other non-current liabilities 
   
   
 127 
   
   
 121 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
   
   
 3,920 
   
   
 2,774 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 6,660 
   
   
 5,737 
   
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies (See Notes 14 and 15) 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Seagate Technology plc shareholders' equity: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Preferred shares, $0.00001 par value per share—100 million authorized; no shares issued or outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Ordinary shares, $0.00001 par value per share—1,250 million authorized; 326,539,322 issued and outstanding at June 27, 2014 and 359,437,036
issued and outstanding at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 5,511 
   
   
 5,286 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (13 
 ) 
 
 
   Accumulated deficit 
   
   
 (2,677 
 ) 
   
 (1,778 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Seagate Technology plc Shareholders' Equity 
   
   
 2,832 
   
   
 3,495 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Equity 
   
   
 2,832 
   
   
 3,506 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,492 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,243 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 62 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   (In millions, except per share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,724 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,939 
   
 
 
   Cost of revenue 
   
   
 9,878 
   
   
 10,411 
   
   
 10,255 
   
 
 
   Product development 
   
   
 1,226 
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 1,006 
   
 
 
   Marketing and administrative 
   
   
 722 
   
   
 635 
   
   
 528 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
   
   
 98 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 38 
   
 
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 11,948 
   
   
 12,260 
   
   
 11,831 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 1,776 
   
   
 2,091 
   
   
 3,108 
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 8 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (195 
 ) 
   
 (214 
 ) 
   
 (241 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (33 
 ) 
   
 (54 
 ) 
   
 7 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Other expense, net 
   
   
 (220 
 ) 
   
 (260 
 ) 
   
 (226 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,556 
   
   
 1,831 
   
   
 2,882 
   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (14 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
   
 20 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 1,570 
   
   
 1,838 
   
   
 2,862 
   
 
 
   Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Seagate Technology plc 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,570 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,838 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,862 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income per share attributable to Seagate Technology plc ordinary shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.66 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.97 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.72 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 4.52 
   
   
 4.81 
   
   
 6.49 
   
 
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 337 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 426 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 347 
   
   
 382 
   
   
 441 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per Seagate Technology plc ordinary share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.67 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.40 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.86 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 63 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (In millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,570 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,838 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,862 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash flow hedges 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net change 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Marketable securities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 (23 
 ) 
   
 4 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net change 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Post-retirement plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Change in unrealized gain (loss) on post-retirement plans 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net change 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
   
 1,581 
   
   
 1,834 
   
   
 2,859 
   
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Seagate Technology plc 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,581 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,833 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,859 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 64 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (In millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,570 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,838 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,862 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 879 
   
   
 873 
   
   
 814 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 118 
   
   
 76 
   
   
 51 
   
 
 
   Loss on redemption and repurchase of debt 
   
   
 81 
   
   
 141 
   
   
 17 
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of investments 
   
   
 (32 
 ) 
   
 (61 
 ) 
   
 (12 
 ) 
 
 
   Gain on sale of property and equipment 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 (36 
 ) 
   
 (25 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 (67 
 ) 
   
 (70 
 ) 
   
 (28 
 ) 
 
 
   Other non-cash operating activities, net 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
 104 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 661 
   
   
 (824 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
 102 
   
   
 99 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 (190 
 ) 
   
 (538 
 ) 
   
 157 
   
 
 
   Accrued employee compensation 
   
   
 (55 
 ) 
   
 (14 
 ) 
   
 145 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses, income taxes and warranty 
   
   
 (80 
 ) 
   
 (170 
 ) 
   
 54 
   
 
 
   Vendor non-trade receivables 
   
   
 217 
   
   
 272 
   
   
 (82 
 ) 
 
 
   Other assets and liabilities 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 (39 
 ) 
   
 27 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 2,558 
   
   
 3,047 
   
   
 3,262 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquisition of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 
   
   
 (559 
 ) 
   
 (786 
 ) 
   
 (636 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 29 
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from the sale of strategic investments 
   
   
 72 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchases of short-term investments 
   
   
 (88 
 ) 
   
 (351 
 ) 
   
 (454 
 ) 
 
 
   Sales of short-term investments 
   
   
 508 
   
   
 296 
   
   
 397 
   
 
 
   Maturities of short-term investments 
   
   
 61 
   
   
 38 
   
   
 119 
   
 
 
   Cash used in acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 (285 
 ) 
   
 (36 
 ) 
   
 (561 
 ) 
 
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 (34 
 ) 
   
 (15 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (322 
 ) 
   
 (825 
 ) 
   
 (1,114 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
   
   
 1,781 
   
   
 986 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Repayments of long-term debt 
   
   
 (725 
 ) 
   
 (1,224 
 ) 
   
 (670 
 ) 
 
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (1,912 
 ) 
   
 (1,654 
 ) 
   
 (2,426 
 ) 
 
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
   
   
 (557 
 ) 
   
 (518 
 ) 
   
 (372 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 259 
   
   
 344 
   
 
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
 (71 
 ) 
   
 6 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
   
 (1,311 
 ) 
   
 (2,222 
 ) 
   
 (3,118 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 926 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (970 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
   
   
 1,708 
   
   
 1,707 
   
   
 2,677 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,634 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,708 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,707 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for interest 
   
 
 
$ 
 198 
   
 
 
$ 
 219 
   
 
 
$ 
 221 
   
 
 
   Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
   
 
 
$ 
 50 
   
 
 
$ 
 48 
   
 
 
$ 
 8 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 65 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY              For Fiscal Years Ended June 27, 2014, June 28, 2013 and
June 29, 2012   (In millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Seagate Technology plc Ordinary Shareholders  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Total 
Equity  
   
 Number of 
Ordinary 
Shares  
   
 Par 
Value of 
Shares  
   
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss  
   
 Accumulated 
Deficit  
   
 Total  
   
 Noncontrolling 
Interest  
   
 
 
   Balance at July 1, 2011 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,463 
   
   
 425 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,980 
   
 
 
$ 
 (6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (1,511 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 2,463 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 2,862 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2,862 
   
   
 2,862 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
   
   
 344 
   
   
 27 
   
   
   
   
   
 344 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 344 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (2,426 
 ) 
   
 (101 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (2,426 
 ) 
   
 (2,426 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
   
   
 (369 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (369 
 ) 
   
 (369 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 51 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 51 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 51 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares, in connection with the acquisition of Samsung HDD assets and liabilities 
   
   
 569 
   
   
 45 
   
   
   
   
   
 569 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 569 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Tax benefit from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance at June 29, 2012 
   
   
 3,497 
   
   
 396 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,950 
   
   
 (9 
 ) 
   
 (1,444 
 ) 
   
 3,497 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 1,838 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1,838 
   
   
 1,838 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
   
   
 259 
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
   
   
 259 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 259 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (1,654 
 ) 
   
 (54 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (1,654 
 ) 
   
 (1,654 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
   
   
 (518 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (518 
 ) 
   
 (518 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 76 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 76 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 76 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquisition of majority shares of LaCie S.A.  
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 72 
   
 
 
   Purchase of additional subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 (61 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (62 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 3,506 
   
   
 359 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,286 
   
   
 (13 
 ) 
   
 (1,778 
 ) 
   
 3,495 
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 1,570 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1,570 
   
   
 1,570 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
   
   
 107 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 107 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (1,912 
 ) 
   
 (41 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (1,912 
 ) 
   
 (1,912 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
   
   
 (557 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (557 
 ) 
   
 (557 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 118 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 118 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 118 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchase of additional subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 (11 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (12 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance at June 27, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,832 
   
   
 327 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,511 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2,677 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 2,832 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 66 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          


  1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

 

  Organization   

 

         The Company is a leading provider of electronic data storage solutions. Its principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred
to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives are used as the primary medium for
storing electronic data. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of electronic data storage products including solid state hybrid drives ("SSHD") and solid state drives ("SSD").  


         The
Company's products are designed for enterprise servers and storage systems in mission critical and nearline applications; client compute applications, where its products are designed
primarily for desktop and mobile computing; and client non-compute applications, where its products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as digital video recorders ("DVRs"),
personal data backup systems, portable external storage systems and digital media systems.  

         The
Company continues to make strategic investments in order to expand its storage solutions, enter new market adjacencies, and expand our technical expertise. As a result of recent
acquisitions, the Company's product and solution portfolio for the enterprise data storage industry includes storage enclosures, integrated application platforms and high performance computing ("HPC")
data storage solutions. The Company's storage subsystems support a range of high-speed interconnect technologies to meet demanding cost and performance specifications. The Company's modular subsystem
architecture allows it to support many segments within the networked storage market by enabling different specifications of storage subsystem designs to be created from a standard set of interlocking
technology modules.  

         In
addition to manufacturing and selling data storage products, the Company provides data storage services for small to medium-sized businesses, including online backup, data protection
and recovery solutions.  

 

  Basis of Presentation and Consolidation   

 

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries,
after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances.  

         The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The methods, estimates and judgments
the Company uses in applying its most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results the Company reports in its condensed consolidated financial statements. The condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect, in the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary to present fairly the condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations,
comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders' equity for the periods presented. Such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature.  

         The
Company operates and reports financial results on a fiscal year of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Friday closest to June 30. Accordingly, fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012
were comprised of 52 weeks and ended on June 27, 2014, June 28, 2013, and June 29, 2012, respectively. All references to years in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements represent fiscal years unless otherwise noted.  

 67 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 

  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

 

          Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments.     The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity of
90 days or
less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company's short-term investments are primarily comprised of readily
marketable debt securities with remaining maturities of more than 90 days at the time of purchase. The Company has classified its entire investment portfolio as available-for-sale and it is
stated at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is a component of Shareholders' Equity. The Company evaluates the available-for
sale securities in an unrealized loss position for other-than-temporary impairment. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to
maturity. Such amortization and accretion are included in interest income. Realized gains and losses are included in Other, net. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification
method.  

         Restricted Cash and Investments.     Restricted cash and investments represents cash and cash equivalents and investments that are
restricted as to
withdrawal or use for other than current operations.  

          Allowances for Doubtful Accounts.     The Company maintains an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable based upon expected
collectability. This
reserve is established based upon historical trends, global macroeconomic conditions and an analysis of specific exposures. The provision for doubtful accounts is recorded as a charge to Marketing and
administrative expense.  

         Inventory.     Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (using the first-in, first-out method) or market. Market value is based upon an
estimated
average selling price reduced by estimated cost of completion and disposal.  

          Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements.     Property, equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost. Equipment and
buildings are
depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated life of
the asset or the remaining term of the lease. The costs of additions and substantial improvements to property, equipment and leasehold improvements, which extend the economic life of the underlying
assets, are capitalized. The cost of maintenance and repairs to property, equipment and leasehold improvements are expensed as incurred.  

          Assessment of Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment.     The Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with Accounting
Standards
Codification (ASC) Topic 350 (ASC 350),  Intangibles—Goodwill and Other.  During fiscal year 2012, the Company adopted ASU No. 2011-08,    Intangibles—Goodwill and Other
(ASC Topic 350)—Testing Goodwill for Impairment.  The Company performs a qualitative assessment at
the end of each reporting period to determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry that would indicate that it would
more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount, including goodwill.  

         The
Company tests other long-lived assets, including property, equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible assets subject to amortization, for recoverability whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. The Company performs a recoverability test to assess the recoverability of an asset group.
If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, the Company will estimate the fair value of the asset group and the excess of the carrying value
over the fair value is allocated pro rata to  

 68 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 derive
the adjusted carrying value of assets in the asset group. The adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group is not reduced below its fair value.  

         The
Company tests other intangible assets not subject to amortization whenever events occur or circumstances change, such as declining financial performance, deterioration in the
environment in which the entity operates or deteriorating macroeconomic conditions that have a negative effect on future expected earnings and cash flows that could affect significant inputs used to
determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset.  


         Derivative Financial Instruments.     The Company applies the requirements of ASC Topic 815 (ASC 815),  Derivatives and
Hedging.  ASC 815 requires that all derivatives be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value and establishes criteria for designation and effectiveness of hedging
relationships.  

          Establishment of Warranty Accruals.     The Company estimates probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. The
Company generally
warrants its products for a period of 1 to 5 years. The
Company's warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns during the warranty periods), and estimated repair or replacement costs
related to product quality issues, if any. The Company also exercises judgment in estimating its ability to sell certain repaired disk drives. Should actual experience in any future period differ
significantly from its estimates, the Company's future results of operations could be materially affected.  

          Revenue Recognition, Sales Returns and Allowances, and Sales Incentive Programs.     The Company's revenue recognition policy complies with
ASC Topic 605
(ASC 605),  Revenue Recognition.  Revenue from sales of products, including sales to distribution customers, is generally recognized when title and risk
of loss has passed to the buyer, which typically occurs upon shipment from the Company or third party warehouse facilities, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, including a fixed or
determinable price to the buyer, and when collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue from sales of products to certain direct retail customers and to customers in certain indirect retail channels
is recognized on a sell-through basis.  

         The
Company records estimated product returns at the time of shipment. The Company also estimates reductions to revenue for sales incentive programs, such as price protection, and volume
incentives, and records such reductions when revenue is recorded. The Company establishes certain distributor and OEM sales programs aimed at increasing customer demand. For OEM sales, rebates are
typically based on an OEM customer's volume of purchases from Seagate or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution channel, these programs typically involve rebates related to a
distributor's level of sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity and price protection adjustments. The Company provides for these obligations at the time that revenue is recorded based
on estimated requirements. Marketing development programs are recorded as a reduction to revenue.  


         Shipping and Handling.     The Company includes costs related to shipping and handling in Cost of revenue for all periods presented.
 

          Restructuring Costs.     The Company records restructuring activities including costs for one-time termination benefits in accordance with
ASC Topic 420
(ASC 420),  Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations.  The timing of recognition for severance costs accounted for under ASC 420 depends on whether employees are
required to render service until they are terminated in order to receive the termination benefits. If employees are required to render service until they are terminated in order to receive the
termination benefits, a liability is recognized ratably over the future service period. Otherwise, a liability is recognized when management has committed to a restructuring plan and has communicated
those actions to  

 69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 employees.
Employee termination benefits covered by existing benefit arrangements are recorded in accordance with ASC Topic 712,  Non-retirement Postemployment
Benefits.  These costs are recognized when management has committed to a restructuring plan and the severance costs are probable and estimable.  

          Advertising Expense.     The cost of advertising is expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately $52 million,
$51 million and
$39 million in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

         Stock-Based Compensation.     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation under the provisions of ASC Topic 718 (ASC 718),  
 Compensation-Stock Compensation.  The Company has elected to apply the with-and-without method to assess the realization of excess tax benefits.  

          Accounting for Income Taxes.     The Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to ASC Topic 740 (ASC 740), Incomes Taxes. In applying ASC
740, the
Company makes certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, recognition of
income and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes,
as well as tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future
adjustment of the Company's uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual results, an
additional tax benefit or provision will result. The deferred tax assets the Company records each period depend primarily on the Company's ability to generate future taxable income in the United
States and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. Each period, the Company evaluates the need for a valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets and, if necessary, adjusts the valuation allowance so that
net deferred tax assets are recorded only to the extent the Company concludes it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. If the Company's outlook for future taxable
income changes significantly, the Company's assessment of the need for a valuation allowance may also change.  

          Comprehensive Income.     In the first quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company adopted the revised requirements of ASU No. 2011-05,
   Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)—Presentation of Comprehensive Income  to present comprehensive income in a separate statement. Comprehensive
income is comprised of net income and other gains and losses affecting equity that are excluded from net income.  


         Foreign Currency Remeasurement and Translation.     The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for the majority of the Company's foreign
operations.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are remeasured into the functional currency of the subsidiary at the balance sheet date. The gains and losses from the remeasurement
of foreign currency denominated balances into the functional currency of the subsidiary are included in Other, net on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

         The
Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period.
Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in foreign currency
translation included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is a component of shareholders' equity. The Company's subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure
monetary assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from
these remeasurements were not significant and have been included in the Company's results of operations.  

 70 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 

  Concentrations   

 

         Concentration of Credit Risk.     The Company's customer base for disk drive products is concentrated with a small number of OEMs and
distributors. The Company does not generally require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. To reduce credit risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations on its
customers' financial condition. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of customers, historical trends and other information.
Hewlett-Packard Company and Dell Inc. each accounted for more than 10% of the Company's accounts receivable as of June 27, 2014.  


         Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term investments and foreign currency forward
exchange contracts. The Company further mitigates concentrations of credit risk in its investments through diversification, by limiting its investments in the debt securities of a single issuer, and
investing in highly rated securities.  

         In
entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts, the Company assumes the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts. The counterparties to these contracts are major multinational commercial banks, and the Company has not incurred and does not expect any losses as a result of counterparty defaults.  


         Supplier Concentration.     Certain of the raw materials, components and equipment used by the Company in the manufacture of its products
are available
from a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers. Shortages could occur in these essential materials and components due to an interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. If the
Company were unable to procure certain materials, components or equipment at acceptable prices, it would be required to reduce its manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse effect
on its results of operations. In addition, the Company has made prepayments to certain suppliers. Should these suppliers be unable to deliver on their obligations or experience financial difficulty,
the Company may not be able to recover these prepayments.  

 

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

 

         In July, 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11, Income Taxes (ASC Topic 740)— Presentation of
an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists . The amendments in this ASU provide explicit
guidance that an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss
carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, with limited exceptions. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2013 and do not require new recurring disclosures. The adoption of this new guidance will not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.  

         In
May 2014, The FASB issued ASU 2014-09 (ASC Topic 606) , Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The ASU outlines a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. It also
requires entities to disclose both quantitative and qualitative information that enable financial statements users to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows
arising from contracts with customers. The ASU will be effective
for the Company's first quarter of fiscal year 2018. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact, if any, of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  

 71 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


  2. Balance Sheet Information   

 

  Investments   

 

         The following table summarizes, by major type, the fair value and amortized cost of the Company's investments as of June 27,
2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amortized 
Cost  
   
 Unrealized 
Gain/(Loss)  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Available-for-sale securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Money market funds 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 1,261 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,261 
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
   U.S. treasuries and agency bonds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Certificates of deposit 
   
   
 273 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 273 
   
 
 
   Auction rate securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
   
 2,333 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,333 
   
 
 
   Trading securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,333 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,333 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Included in Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 2,309 
   
 
 
   Included in Short-term investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   Included in Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Included in Other assets, net 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 2,333 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of June 27, 2014, the Company's Restricted cash and investments consisted of $4 million in cash and investments held as collateral at banks for various performance
obligations.  

         During
the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company sold all of its auction rate securities and recognized an immaterial loss on the sale which is included in Other, net in the Company's
Consolidated Statement of Operations.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, the Company had no available-for-sale securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. The
Company determined no available-for-sale securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 27, 2014.  


         The
fair value and amortized cost of the Company's investments classified as available-for-sale at June 27, 2014 by remaining contractual maturity was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amortized 
Cost  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Due in less than 1 year 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,332 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,332 
   
 
 
   Due in 1 to 5 years 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Due in 5 to 10 years 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,333 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,333 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  72 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

         Equity
securities which do not have a contractual maturity date are not included in the above table.  

         The
following table summarizes, by major type, the fair value and amortized cost of the Company's investments as of June 28, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amortized 
Cost  
   
 Unrealized 
Gain/(Loss)  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Available-for-sale securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Money market funds 
   
 
 
$ 
 804 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 804 
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 655 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 655 
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
   
 211 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 211 
   
 
 
   U.S. treasuries and agency bonds 
   
   
 96 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 96 
   
 
 
   Certificates of deposit 
   
   
 154 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 154 
   
 
 
   Auction rate securities 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 15 
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Other debt securities 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 106 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
   
 2,048 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 2,045 
   
 
 
   Trading securities 
   
   
 74 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 79 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,122 
   
 
 
$ 
 2 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,124 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Included in Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,528 
   
 
 
   Included in Short-term investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 480 
   
 
 
   Included in Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 101 
   
 
 
   Included in Other assets, net 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 2,124 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of June 28, 2013, the Company's Restricted cash and investments consisted of $79 million in cash and investments held in trust for payment of its non-qualified deferred
compensation plan liabilities and $22 million in cash and investments held as collateral at banks for various performance obligations.  

         As
of June 28, 2013, the Company's available-for-sale securities include investments in auction rate securities. Beginning in fiscal year 2008, the Company's auction rate
securities failed to settle at auction and continued to fail through June 28, 2013. Since the Company continued to earn interest on its auction rate securities at the maximum contractual rate,
there were no payment defaults with respect to such securities, and they were all collateralized, the Company expected to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these auction rate securities.
During fiscal year 2013, the Company did not intend to sell these securities and as of June 28, 2013, concluded it was not more likely than not that the Company would have been required to sell
the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. As such, as of June 28, 2013, the Company believed the impairments totaling $2 million were not other-than-temporary and
therefore were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Given the uncertainty as to when the liquidity issues associated with these securities would improve, as of June 28, 2013, these
securities were classified within Other assets, net in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

         As
of June 28, 2013, with the exception of the Company's auction rate securities, the Company had no available-for-sale securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss
position for a period greater than 12 months. The Company determined no available-for-sale securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 28, 2013.  

 73 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 

  Accounts Receivable, net   

 

         The following table provides details of the accounts receivable, net balance sheet item:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,741 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,678 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (12 
 ) 
   
 (8 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,729 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,670 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Activity
in the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Balance at 
Beginning of 
Period  
   
 Charges 
(credit) to 
Operations  
   
 Deductions (a)   
   
 Assumed from 
LaCie S.A.  
   
 Balance at 
End of 
Period  
   
 
 
   Fiscal year ended June 29, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 10 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 10 
   
 
 
   Fiscal year ended June 28, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 10 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 8 
   
 
 
   Fiscal year ended June 27, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 8 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 12 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Uncollectible
accounts written off, net of recoveries.  
  
  

  Inventories   

 

         The following table provides details of the inventory balance sheet item:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Raw materials and components 
   
 
 
$ 
 324 
   
 
 
$ 
 213 
   
 
 
   Work-in-process 
   
   
 267 
   
   
 231 
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
   
 394 
   
   
 410 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 985 
   
 
 
$ 
 854 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Other Current Assets   

 

         The following table provides details of the other current assets balance sheet item:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Vendor non-trade receivables 
   
 
 
$ 
 112 
   
 
 
$ 
 329 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 167 
   
   
 155 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 279 
   
 
 
$ 
 484 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Other
current assets include non-trade receivables from certain manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to these vendors who manufacture completed sub-assemblies or
finished goods for the Company. The Company does not reflect the sale of these components in revenue and does not recognize any profits on these sales. The costs of the completed sub-assemblies are
included in inventory upon purchase from the vendors.  

 74 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)   

 

  Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, net   

 

         The components of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Useful Life 
in Years  
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Land and land improvements 
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 45 
   
 
 
$ 
 44 
   
 
 
   Equipment 
   
 3 – 5 
   
   
 7,159 
   
   
 6,838 
   
 
 
   Buildings and leasehold improvements 
   
 Up to 48 
   
   
 1,452 
   
   
 1,401 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
   
   
 323 
   
   
 261 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 8,979 
   
   
 8,544 
   
 
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
   
   
 (6,843 
 ) 
   
 (6,275 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 2,136 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,269 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Depreciation
expense, which includes amortization of leasehold improvements, was $748 million, $727 million and $739 million for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012,
respectively. Interest on borrowings related to eligible capital expenditures is capitalized as part of the cost of the qualified assets and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
During fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company capitalized interest of $7 million, $10 million and $4 million, respectively.  

 

  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ("AOCI")   

 

         The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Unrealized 
Gains (Losses) 
on Cash Flow 
Hedges  
   
 Unrealized 
Gains (Losses) 
on Marketable 
Securities (a)   
   
 Unrealized 
Gains (Losses) 
on post-retirement 
plans  
   
 Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Adjustments  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balance at June 29, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (9 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
   
 19 
   
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (23 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (23 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 (11 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
   
 (13 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 9 
   
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 3 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance at June 27, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (10 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 9 
   
 

 
$ 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
cost of a security sold or the amount reclassified out of AOCI into earnings was determined using the specific identification method.  
  
  75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

  3. Acquisitions   

 

  Xyratex Ltd   

 

         On March 31, 2014, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Xyratex Ltd ("Xyratex"), a leading provider of
data storage technology. The Company paid $13.25 per share, or approximately $376 million in cash for the acquisition. The acquisition of Xyratex further strengthens the Company's vertically
integrated supply and manufacturing chain for disk drives and provides access to important capital requirements, as well as expands the Company's storage solutions portfolio.  


         The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 91 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 67 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 111 
   
 
 
   Other current and non-current assets 
   
   
 28 
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 55 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets 
   
   
 80 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 60 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 492 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 (116 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 (116 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 376 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
accounts receivables of $67 million are net of an immaterial allowance at March 31, 2014.  


         The
following table shows the fair value of the separately identifiable intangible assets at the time of acquisition and the period over which each intangible asset will be amortized:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Fair Value  
   
 Weighted-Average 
Amortization 
Period  
 
 
   Existing technology 
   
 
 
$ 
 23 
   
 5.5 years 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 18 
   
 3.9 years 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total amortizable intangible assets acquired 
   
   
 41 
   
 4.8 years 
 
 
   In-process research and development 
   
   
 39 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 80 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition, and is not deductible for income tax purposes.  

         The
Company incurred a total of $10 million of expenses related to the acquisition of Xyratex in fiscal year 2014, which are included within Marketing and administrative expense
on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  

         The
amounts of revenue and earnings of Xyratex included in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations from the acquisition date are not significant.  

 76 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 

  LaCie S.A.   

 

         On August 3, 2012 the Company acquired 23,382,904 (or approximately 64.5%) of the outstanding shares of LaCie S.A.
("LaCie") for a price of €4.05 per share with a price supplement of €0.12 per share, which would have been payable if the Company had successfully acquired at least 95%
of the outstanding shares of LaCie within 6 months of the acquisition. Of the amount paid at the acquisition date, €9 million is treated as compensation cost to one of
the selling shareholders, who is now an employee of the Company, to be recognized over a period of 36 months from the acquisition date, and may be refunded to the Company if the selling
shareholder is no longer employed at the end of that period. The transaction and related agreements are expected to accelerate the Company's growth strategy in the expanding consumer storage market,
particularly in Europe, Japan and in premium distribution channels.  

         The
acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred for the business combination totaled $111 million, including cash paid of $107 million, and contingent
consideration of $4 million.  

         The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest at the acquisition date:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 71 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 29 
   
 
 
   Marketable securities 
   
   
 27 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 46 
   
 
 
   Other current and non-current assets 
   
   
 19 
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets 
   
   
 45 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 262 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 (73 
 ) 
 
 
   Current and non-current portion of long-term debt 
   
   
 (6 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 (79 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 (72 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 111 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table shows the fair value of the separately identifiable intangible assets at the time of acquisition and the period over which each intangible asset will be amortized:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Fair Value  
   
 Weighted-Average 
Amortization 
Period  
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
 
 
$ 
 31 
   
 5.0 years 
 
 
   Existing technology 
   
   
 1 
   
 5.0 years 
 
 
   Trade name 
   
   
 13 
   
 5.0 years 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 45 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          In
fiscal 2013, the Company recorded adjustments to the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed with LaCie S.A. that resulted in a net increase of
$1 million to Goodwill, and a corresponding decrease in Intangible assets.  

 77 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)   

         The goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to the benefits the Company expects to derive from LaCie's brand recognition and the acquired workforce, and is
not deductible for income tax purposes. The acquisition date fair value of the noncontrolling interest is based on the market price of their publicly traded shares as of the first trading date
subsequent to the acquisition, as the shares did not trade on the acquisition date.  

         The
€0.12 supplement was not paid as only 94.5% of the LaCie business was acquired within six months of the acquisition date, resulting in a reversal of the contingent
consideration liability which was recorded in fiscal year 2013 as a reduction of Marketing and administrative expenses of $4 million.  

         The
amounts of revenue and earnings of LaCie included in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations from the acquisition date are not significant.  


         The
Company deposited $72 million into an escrow account in fiscal year 2013 with the intention of acquiring the remaining publicly held shares of LaCie through public and private
transactions. As of December 27, 2013, the Company had completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares. The use of this deposit in fiscal year 2013 is treated as a non-cash financing
activity and excluded from the Statement of Cash Flows.  

 

  Samsung Hard Disk Drive Operations   

 

         On December 19, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd's ("Samsung") hard
disk drive business pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement ("APA") by which the Company acquired certain assets and liabilities of Samsung relating to the research and development, manufacture and
sale of hard-disk drives. The transaction and related agreements are expected to improve the Company's position as a supplier of 2.5-inch products; position the Company to better address rapidly
evolving opportunities in markets including, but not limited to, mobile computing, cloud computing and solid state storage; expand the Company's customer access in China and Southeast Asia; and
accelerate time to market for new products.  

         The
acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred totaled $1,140 million, which consisted of $571 million of cash, $10 million of which was paid as a
deposit upon signing the APA in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, and 45.2 million ordinary shares with a fair value of $569 million. The fair value of the ordinary shares issued
was determined based on the closing market price of the Company's ordinary shares on the acquisition date, less a 16.5% discount for lack of marketability as the shares issued are subject to a
restriction that limits their trade or transfer for approximately a one year period.  

 78 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
 
 
$ 
 141 
   
 
 
   Equipment 
   
   
 76 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets 
   
   
 580 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 28 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total identifiable assets acquired 
   
   
 825 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Warranty liability 
   
   
 (72 
 ) 
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 (45 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities assumed 
   
   
 (117 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net identifiable assets acquired 
   
   
 708 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 432 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net assets acquired 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,140 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table shows the fair value of the separately identifiable intangible assets at the time of acquisition and the period over which each intangible asset will be amortized:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Fair Value  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Amortization 
Period  
 
 
   Existing technology 
   
 
 
$ 
 137 
   
 2.0 years 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 399 
   
 5.8 years 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total amortizable intangible assets acquired 
   
   
 536 
   
 4.8 years 
 
 
   In-process research and development 
   
   
 44 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 580 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          During
fiscal year 2012, the Company recorded adjustments to the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the Samsung HDD business that resulted in a net
decrease of $5 million to goodwill. These adjustments included a $7 million increase in other assets for spare parts and a $3 million increase to equipment, offset by a
$3 million increase in warranty liability and a $2 million increase in other liabilities related to certain assumed vendor obligations. These adjustments were based on information about
facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.  

         The
$432 million of goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to the benefits the Company expects to derive from enhanced scale and efficiency to better serve its markets and
expanded customer presence in China and Southeast Asia. Except for approximately $4 million of goodwill relating to assembled workforce in Korea, none of the goodwill is expected to be
deductible for income tax purposes.  

         The
Company incurred a total of $22 million of expenses related to the acquisition of Samsung in fiscal year 2012, which are included within Marketing and administrative expense
on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  

 79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
amounts of revenue and earnings of the acquired assets of Samsung's HDD business included in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations from the acquisition date to the
period ended June 29, 2012, were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 970 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 104 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
unaudited pro forma financial results presented below for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2012, include the effects of pro forma adjustments as if the acquisition date occurred
as of the beginning of the prior fiscal year on July 3, 2010. The pro forma results combine the historical results of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2012 and the
historical results of the acquired assets and liabilities of Samsung's HDD business, and include the effects of certain fair value adjustments and the elimination of certain activities excluded from
the transaction. The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the
acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the earliest period presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Fiscal Year Ended 
June 29, 2012  
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,113 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,761 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
pro forma results for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2012, includes an adjustment of $65 million to reflect the additional depreciation and amortization that would have
been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets had been applied on July 3, 2010.  

  4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   

 

  Goodwill   

 

         The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions)

 

  
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   Balance as of June 29, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 463 
   
 
 
   Goodwill acquired 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance as of June 28, 2013 
   
   
 476 
   
 
 
   Goodwill acquired 
   
   
 60 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation effect 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance as of June 27, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 537 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Other Intangible Assets   

 

         Other intangible assets consist primarily of existing technology, customer relationships and in-process research and development
acquired in business combinations. With the exception of in-process research and development, acquired intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives of
the assets. Amortization of the existing technology intangible asset is charged to Cost of revenue while the amortization of the other intangible assets is included in Operating expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. In-process research and development has been determined to  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


 have
an indefinite useful life and is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstance indicate that the asset might be impaired. If
the carrying amount of in-process research and development exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. There were no impairment charges recognized for
in-process research and development. Upon completion of the in-process research and development, the related assets will be accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset, and will be amortized over
its useful life.  

         In
fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, amortization expense for other intangible assets was $131 million, $147 million and $75 million, respectively.  


         The
carrying value of other intangible assets subject to amortization as of June 27, 2014, is set forth in the following table:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Gross Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Weighted Average 
Remaining Useful Life  
 
 
   Existing technology 
   
 
 
$ 
 24 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 23 
   
 5.2 years 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 450 
   
   
 (192 
 ) 
   
 258 
   
 3.3 years 
 
 
   Trade name 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 9 
   
 3.1 years 
 
 
   In-process research and development (a) 
   
   
 44 
   
   
 (17 
 ) 
   
 27 
   
 1.0 year 
 
 
   Other intangible assets 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 3 
   
 4.4 years 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total amortizable other intangible assets 
   
 

 
$ 
 532 
   
 
 
$ 
 (212 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 3.2 years 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) During
the fiscal year 2014 quarter ended December 2013, the In-process research and development was completed, and the related asset was accounted for as a
finite-lived intangible asset.  
  
          The
carrying value of In-process research and development not subject to amortization was $39 million on June 27, 2014.  

         The
carrying value of other intangible assets subject to amortization as of June 28, 2013 is set forth in the following table:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Gross Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Weighted Average 
Remaining Useful Life  
 
 
   Existing technology 
   
 
 
$ 
 138 
   
 
 
$ 
 (105 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 33 
   
 0.5 years 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 431 
   
   
 (114 
 ) 
   
 317 
   
 4.3 years 
 
 
   Trade name 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 11 
   
 4.1 years 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total amortizable other intangible assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 583 
   
 
 
$ 
 (222 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 361 
   
 3.9 years 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
carrying value of In-process research and development not subject to amortization was $44 million on June 28, 2013.  

 81 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         As
of June 27, 2014, expected amortization expense for other intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 112 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 89 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 78 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 36 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   5. Restructuring and Exit Costs   

         During fiscal year 2014, the Company recorded restructuring charges of $24 million comprised primarily of charges related to
employee termination costs associated with a reduction in force during fiscal year 2014. During fiscal years 2013 and 2012, the Company recorded restructuring and other charges of $2 million
and $4 million, respectively, mainly comprised of post-employment costs associated with a number of small restructuring plans. The Company's significant restructuring plans are described below.
All restructuring charges are reported in Restructuring and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

          Ang Mo Kio (AMK) Plan.     In August 2009, the Company announced that it will close its AMK manufacturing operations in Singapore.
Operations at this
facility had ceased as of the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The hard drive manufacturing operations have been relocated to other existing Seagate facilities and the Company's Asia International
Headquarters remains in Singapore. This closure and relocation is part of the Company's ongoing focus on cost efficiencies in all areas of its business and is intended to facilitate leveraging
manufacturing investments across fewer sites. The Company currently estimates total restructuring charges of approximately $50 million, all in cash, including approximately $42 million
for post-employment benefits, approximately $6 million for the relocation of manufacturing equipment, and approximately $2 million for other plant closure and relocation costs. From the
inception of the plan the Company has recorded $48 million in restructuring charges. During fiscal year 2014, there were no cash payments or other settlements under the AMK Plan and no
restructuring charges related to the plan during fiscal year 2014. Payments under the AMK plan are expected to continue through fiscal year 2016.  


         2014 Plan.     During fiscal year 2014, the Company recorded employee termination costs of $16 million and made cash payments of
$16 million associated with a reduction in the work force. The 2014 Plan was substantially completed during the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014.  

          Other Restructuring and Exit Costs.     Through June 27, 2014, the Company has recorded other restructuring charges of approximately
$124 million, net of adjustments, related to the previously announced closures of its Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Milpitas, California facilities, and also has recorded certain exit costs
aggregating to $269 million related to its acquisition of Maxtor. These plans are currently expected to result in total charges of approximately $400 million. During fiscal year 2014,
the Company incurred restructuring charges of $4 million in post-employment benefits, $2 million in facility lease obligations and $2 million in other exit costs primarily related
to the closures of its Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Milpitas, California facilities and to other smaller restructuring plans. In addition, recorded cash  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 payments
and other settlements of $11 million related to these plans during fiscal year 2014. Restructuring activity relating to the Milpitas, California facility was completed during the
fiscal year ended June 28, 2013. Payment of these exit costs relating to the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania facility and other smaller restructuring plans are expected to continue through the end of
fiscal year 2023.  

         The
following table summarizes the Company's restructuring activities under all the Company's active restructuring plans for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Post- 
Employment 
Benefits  
   
 Operating 
Leases  
   
 Other 
Exit 
Costs  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   All Restructuring Activities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accrual balances at July 1, 2011 
   
 
 
$ 
 8 
   
 
 
$ 
 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 39 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (8 
 ) 
   
 (8 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (18 
 ) 
 
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Accrual balances at June 29, 2012 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 (10 
 ) 
 
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Accrual balances at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 17 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 23 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (27 
 ) 
 
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Accrual balances at June 27, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 2 
   
 
 
$ 
 12 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 14 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Of
the accrued restructuring balance of approximately $14 million at June 27, 2014, $7 million is included in Accrued expenses and $7 million is included in
Other non-current liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet. Of the accrued restructuring balance of approximately $17 million at June 28, 2013, $6 million is
included in Accrued expenses and $11 million is included in Other non-current liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

  6. Debt   

 

  Short-Term Borrowings   

 

         On January 18, 2011, the Company, and its subsidiary Seagate HDD Cayman entered into a Credit Agreement which provided for a
$350 million senior secured revolving
credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). On April 30, 2013, the Company and Seagate HDD Cayman entered into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement which increased the
commitments available under the Revolving Credit Facility from $350 million to $500 million. The loans made under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus a
variable margin that will be determined based on the corporate credit rating of the Company. The Company and certain of its material subsidiaries fully and unconditionally guarantee the Revolving
Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in April 2018, and is available for cash borrowings and for the issuance of letters of credit up to a sub-limit of $75 million. As of
June 27, 2014, no borrowings have been drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility, or were utilized for letters of credit.  

 83 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)   

 

  Long-Term Debt   

 

          $600 million Aggregate Principal Amount of 6.8% Senior Notes due October 2016 (the "2016
Notes").  On September 20, 2006, the Company's subsidiary, Seagate Technology HDD Holdings, completed the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of the
2016 Notes, in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The interest on the 2016 Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and
October 1 of each year. The issuer under the 2016 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2016 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company's significant
subsidiaries. The 2016 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company in whole or in part, on not less than 30, nor more than 60 days notice, at a "make-whole" premium redemption price. The
"make-whole" redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2016 Notes being redeemed, discounted at the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable Treasury rate plus
50 basis points. During fiscal year 2013, the Company repurchased $265 million aggregate principal amount of its 2016 Notes for cash at a premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, and recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $44 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

          $800 million Aggregate Principal Amount of 3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 (the "Notes").     On November 5, 2013, Seagate
HDD Cayman,
issued $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.75% Senior Notes, which mature on November 15, 2018, in a private placement. The interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on
May 15 and November 15 of each year. The Notes are redeemable at the option of Seagate HDD Cayman in whole or in part, on not less than 30, nor more than 60 days' notice, at a
"make-whole" premium redemption price. The "make-whole" premium redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, or (2) the
sum of the present values of the remaining schedule payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted at the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum
of the applicable Treasury rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any will be paid to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the
Company on a senior unsecured basis. Seagate HDD Cayman and the Company are required to exchange the Notes for notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by January 30, 2015
if the Notes have not otherwise become freely transferable by that time.  

          $750 million Aggregate Principal Amount of 7.75% Senior Notes due December 2018 (the "2018 Notes").     On December 14, 2010, the
Company's subsidiary, Seagate HDD Cayman, completed the sale of $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Notes in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company repurchased $193 million and $513 million in aggregate principal amounts of its 2018 Notes,
respectively, for cash at a premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. During fiscal year 2014, the Company redeemed $44 million in aggregate principal amount of its
2018 Notes, for cash at a premium of its principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded losses on the repurchase and redemption of
approximately $20 million and $75 million, respectively, which are included in Other, net in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of June 27, 2014, the 2018
Notes were fully extinguished.  

          $600 million Aggregate Principal Amount of 6.875% Senior Notes due May 2020 (the "2020 Notes").     On May 13, 2010, the
Company's
subsidiary, Seagate HDD Cayman, completed the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes, in a private placement exempt from the registration  

 84 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


 requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The obligations under the 2020 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the
2020 Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. The 2020 Notes are redeemable any time prior to May 1, 2015 at the option of the Company, in whole or in
part, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount plus an "applicable premium" and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The "applicable premium" will be equal to the
greater of (1) 1% of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes, or (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value of the redemption
price on May 1, 2015 plus interest payments due through May 1, 2015, discounted at the applicable Treasury rate as of the redemption date plus 50 basis points; over (b) the
principal amount of such note. The 2020 Notes are redeemable at any time on or after May 1, 2015 at various prices expressed as a percentage of principal amount, as set forth in the indentures,
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The issuer under the 2020 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2020 Notes are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2014, the Company repurchased $66 million aggregate principal amount of its 2020 Notes for cash at a premium to their
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $7 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company's Consolidated
Statement of Operations.  

         $600 million Aggregate Principal Amount of 7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 (the "2021 Notes").     On May 18, 2011, the
Company's
subsidiary, Seagate HDD Cayman, completed the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Notes, in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The obligations under the 2021 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the 2021 Notes is
payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The 2021 Notes are redeemable any time prior to May 1, 2016 at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at a
redemption price of 100% of the principal amount plus an "applicable premium" and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. The "applicable premium" will be equal to the greater of
(1) 1% of the principal amount of the 2021 Notes, or (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value of the redemption price on May 1, 2016 plus interest payments due
through May 1, 2016, discounted at the applicable Treasury rate as of the redemption date plus 50 basis points; over (b) the principal amount of such note. The 2021 Notes are redeemable
at any time on or after May 1, 2016 at various prices expressed as a percentage of principal amount, as set forth in the indentures, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption
date. In addition, any time before May 1, 2014, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the principal amount with the net cash proceeds from permitted sales of the Company's stock at a redemption
price of 107% of the principal amount plus accrued interest to the redemption date. The issuer under the 2021 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman and the obligations under the 2021 Notes are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2014, the Company repurchased $349 million aggregate principal amount of its 2021 Notes for cash at a
premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $54 million, which is included in Other, net in the Company's
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations.  

          $1 billion Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due June 1, 2023 (the "2023 Notes").     On May 22, 2013,
Seagate HDD
Cayman, issued $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes, which mature on June 1, 2023, in a private placement with a requirement that if, under certain
circumstances, the 2023 Notes have not otherwise become freely transferable by May 26, 2014, then the Company is required to register the 2023 Notes under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. The obligations under the 2023 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the 2023 Notes is payable semi-annually on
June 1 and December 1 of each  

 85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 year.
The 2023 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company in whole or in part, on not less than 30, nor more than 60 days notice, at a "make-whole" premium redemption price. The
"make-whole" redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2023 Notes being redeemed, discounted at the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable Treasury rate plus
50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to, but excluding, the redemption date.  

          $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2025 (the "Notes").     On May 28, 2014, Seagate HDD Cayman
issued
$1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2025 (the "Notes"), which mature on January 1, 2025. The interest on the Notes will be payable in cash semiannually on
January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on January 1, 2015. The Notes are redeemable at any time, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, Seagate HDD may
redeem some or all of the Notes at a "make-whole" redemption price. The "make-whole" redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, and
(2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate
equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed
by the Company on a senior unsecured basis. Seagate HDD Cayman and the Company are required to exchange the Notes for notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933.  


         Other     As part of our acquisition of LaCie S.A. during fiscal year 2013, long-term debt of $6 million was assumed. During
fiscal year
2014, the long-term debt was fully repaid.  


         At
June 27, 2014, future principal payments on long-term debt were as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fiscal Year

 

  
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 335 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 800 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 2,785 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 3,920 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  86 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

  7. Income Taxes   


         The (benefit from) provision for income taxes consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Current tax expense (benefit): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
   
 
 
$ 
 (12 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 3 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. State 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-U.S.  
   
   
 62 
   
   
 50 
   
   
 50 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Current 
   
   
 53 
   
   
 63 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Deferred tax expense (benefit): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
   
   
 (43 
 ) 
   
 (49 
 ) 
   
 (30 
 ) 
 
 
   U.S. State 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Non-U.S.  
   
   
 (26 
 ) 
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total Deferred 
   
   
 (67 
 ) 
   
 (70 
 ) 
   
 (28 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 (14 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Income
before income taxes consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   U.S.  
   
 
 
$ 
 149 
   
 
 
$ 
 175 
   
 
 
$ 
 137 
   
 
 
   Non-U.S 
   
   
 1,407 
   
   
 1,656 
   
   
 2,745 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,556 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,831 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,882 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company recorded $0.3 million, $1 million and $6 million of excess tax benefits associated with stock option deductions in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  

 87 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

         Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for income tax purposes. The significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accrued warranty 
   
 
 
$ 
 99 
   
 
 
$ 
 112 
   
 
 
   Inventory valuation accounts 
   
   
 49 
   
   
 55 
   
 
 
   Receivable allowance 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
   Accrued compensation and benefits 
   
   
 103 
   
   
 107 
   
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
   
 140 
   
   
 125 
   
 
 
   Restructuring accruals 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
   Other accruals and deferred items 
   
   
 39 
   
   
 44 
   
 
 
   Net operating losses and tax credit carry-forwards 
   
   
 1,081 
   
   
 1,103 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 1,538 
   
   
 1,570 
   
 
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (888 
 ) 
   
 (989 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
   
   
 650 
   
   
 581 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Unremitted earnings of certain non-U.S. entities 
   
   
 (14 
 ) 
   
 (14 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition-related items (DTL) 
   
   
 (19 
 ) 
   
 (9 
 ) 
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (4 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 (27 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 615 
   
 
 
$ 
 554 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   As Reported on the Balance Sheet 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets—deferred income taxes 
   
 

 
$ 
 126 
   
 
 
$ 
 115 
   
 
 
   Non-current assets—deferred income taxes 
   
   
 499 
   
   
 456 
   
 
 
   Current liabilities—Accrued expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
   Other non-current liabilities 
   
   
 (10 
 ) 
   
 (15 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total deferred income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 615 
   
 
 
$ 
 554 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
deferred tax asset valuation allowance decreased by approximately $101 million, $75 million and $82 million, in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
The valuation allowance decrease in fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to incremental future taxable income that resulted from acquisition activity.  

         At
June 27, 2014, the Company recorded $615 million of net deferred tax assets. The realization of these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on the Company's ability
to generate sufficient U.S. and certain non-U.S. taxable income in future periods. Although realization is not assured, the Company's management believes that it is more likely than not that these
deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, may increase or decrease in subsequent
periods when the Company reevaluates the underlying basis for its estimates of future U.S. and certain non-U.S. taxable income.  

 88 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

         At
June 27, 2014, the Company had U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $2.9 billion, $1.8 billion and
$112 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal year 2016, if not utilized. At June 27, 2014, the Company had U.S. federal and state tax credit
carryforwards of $348 million and $81 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal year 2016 if not utilized.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, the use of approximately $376 million and $90 million of the Company's total U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, respectively,
is subject to an aggregate annual limitation of $46 million pursuant to U.S. tax law.  


         For
purposes of the tax reconciliation between the provision for income taxes at the statutory rate and the effective tax rate, the Irish statutory rate of 25% was applied as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Provision (benefit) at statutory rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 389 
   
 
 
$ 
 458 
   
 
 
$ 
 720 
   
 
 
   Net U.S. state income tax provision 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
   Permanent differences 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (100 
 ) 
   
 (97 
 ) 
   
 (70 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-U.S. losses with no tax benefits 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Non-U.S. earnings taxed at less than statutory rate 
   
   
 (313 
 ) 
   
 (414 
 ) 
   
 (645 
 ) 
 
 
   Other individually immaterial items 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 4 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 (14 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          A
substantial portion of the Company's operations in Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand operate under various tax holidays and tax incentive programs, which expire in whole or in part at
various dates through 2020. Certain of the tax holidays may be extended if specific conditions are met. The net impact of these tax holidays and tax incentive programs was to increase the Company's
net income by approximately $289 million in fiscal year 2014 ($0.83 per share, diluted), to increase the Company's net income by approximately $338 million in fiscal year 2013 ($0.89 per
share, diluted), and to increase the Company's net income by $504 million in fiscal year 2012 ($1.14 per share, diluted).  

         Since
establishing Irish tax residency in fiscal year 2010, the Company consists of an Irish tax resident parent holding company with various U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate
in multiple non-Irish taxing jurisdictions. The amount of temporary differences (including undistributed earnings) related to outside basis differences in the stock of non-Irish resident subsidiaries
considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland for which Irish income taxes have not been provided as of June 27, 2014 was approximately $2.8 billion. If such amount were remitted
to Ireland as a dividend, it is likely that tax at 25% or approximately $700 million would result.  

         As
of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, the Company had approximately $115 million and $157 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits excluding
interest and penalties. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, that would impact the effective tax rate is $115 million and $157 million as of June 27, 2014 and
June 28, 2013, respectively, subject to certain future valuation allowance reversals.  

 89 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)   

         The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company's gross unrecognized tax benefits:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year 
   
 
 
$ 
 157 
   
 
 
$ 
 135 
   
 
 
$ 
 128 
   
 
 
   Gross increase for tax positions of prior years 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Gross decrease for tax positions of prior years 
   
   
 (64 
 ) 
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
   Gross increase for tax positions of current year 
   
   
 13 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
   Gross decrease for tax positions of current year 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Lapse of statutes of limitation 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-U.S. exchange (gain)/loss 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year 
   
 
 
$ 
 115 
   
 
 
$ 
 157 
   
 
 
$ 
 135 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          It
is the Company's policy to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal
year 2014, the Company recognized net tax expense for interest and penalties of $8 million as compared to net tax expense for interest and penalties of $2 million during each fiscal year
2013 and fiscal year 2012. As of June 27, 2014, the Company had $27 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits compared to $19 million in
fiscal year 2013.  

         During
the 12 months beginning June 28, 2014, the Company expects that its unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced anywhere from $3 million to $50 million
as a result of audit settlements and the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.  

         The
Company is subject to taxation in many jurisdictions globally and is required to file U.S. federal, U.S. state and non-U.S. income tax returns. In June, 2014, the Company
received the Revenue Agent's Report and Notices of Proposed Adjustments for its U.S. federal income tax returns for fiscal years 2008, 2009 and 2010. The Company's China subsidiaries are under
examination by the Chinese tax administration for years 2004 through 2012. These examinations may result in proposed adjustments to the income taxes as filed during these periods. The Company believes
that it has adequately provided for these matters, but there is a reasonable possibility that an adverse outcome of these examinations could have a material effect on the Company's financial results.
In this case, the Company would consider pursuing all possible remedies available, including appeals, judicial review and competent authority.  

         The
Company is no longer subject to tax examination of U.S. federal income tax returns for years prior to fiscal year 2008. With respect to U.S. state and non-U.S. income tax returns,
the Company is generally no longer subject to tax examination for years ending prior to fiscal year 2004. The Company believes it has provided adequately for all reasonable outcomes.  

  8. Derivative Financial Instruments   

         The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate, and to a lesser extent, equity price risks relating to its
ongoing business operations. The Company enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts in order to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk on forecasted expenses denominated in
foreign currencies and to mitigate the remeasurement risk of certain foreign currency  

 90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 denominated
liabilities. The Company's accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are classified as designated or non-designated hedging instruments. The Company
records all derivatives in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The changes in the fair value of the effective portions of designated cash flow hedges are recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are adjusted to fair
value through earnings. The amount of net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges was $1 million as of June 27, 2014 and nil as of June 28, 2013.  

         The
Company dedesignates its cash flow hedges when the forecasted hedged transactions are realized or it is probable the forecasted hedged transactions will not occur in the initially
identified time period. At such time, the associated gains and losses deferred in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified immediately into earnings and any subsequent changes in the fair
value of such derivative instruments are immediately reflected in earnings. The Company did not recognize any material net gains or losses related to the loss of hedge designation on discontinued cash
flow hedges during fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012. As of June 27, 2014, the Company's existing foreign currency forward exchange contracts mature within 12 months. The deferred amount
currently recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss expected to be recognized into earnings over the next 12 months is immaterial.  


         The
following tables show the total notional value of the Company's outstanding foreign currency forward exchange contracts as of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of June 27, 2014  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Contracts Designated as Hedges  
   
 Contracts Not Designated as Hedges  
   
 
 
   Thai baht 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 143 
   
 
 
   British Pound Sterling 
   
   
 25 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Malaysian Ringitt 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 34 
   
 
 
$ 
 143 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of June 28, 2013  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Contracts Designated as Hedges  
   
 Contracts Not Designated as Hedges  
   
 
 
   Thai baht 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
   Singapore dollars 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Chinese renminbi 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Czech koruna 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 20 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company is subject to equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments selected by its employees as part of its Non-qualified Deferred Compensation
Plan—the Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan (the "SDCP"). In the quarter ended December 27, 2013, the Company entered into a Total Return Swap ("TRS") in order to manage the equity
market risks associated with the SDCP liabilities. The Company pays a floating rate, based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to
substantially offset changes in the SDCP liability due to changes in the value of the investment options made by employees. As of June 27, 2014, the notional investments underlying the TRS
amounted to $90 million. The contract term of the TRS is approximately one year and is settled on a monthly basis, therefore limiting counterparty performance risk. The Company did not
designate the TRS as a hedge. Rather, the Company records all changes in the fair value of the TRS to earnings to offset the market value changes of the SDCP liabilities.  

 91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
following tables show the Company's derivative instruments measured at gross fair value as reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 27, 2014 and June 28,
2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of June 27, 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Asset Derivatives  
   
 Liability Derivatives  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Balance 
Sheet 
Location  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Balance 
Sheet 
Location  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 3 
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
   
 2 
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Total return swap 
   
 Other current assets 
   
   
 — 
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total derivatives 
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 5 
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of June 28, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Asset Derivatives  
   
 Liability Derivatives  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Balance 
Sheet 
Location  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Balance 
Sheet 
Location  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
   
 — 
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total derivatives 
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following tables show the effect of the Company's derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
fiscal year ended June 27, 2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
Derivatives Designated as Cash 
Flow Hedges

 

  
   
 Amount of 
Gain or 
(Loss) 
Recognized 
in OCI on 
Derivatives 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
 Location of Gain 
or (Loss) 
Reclassified 
from 
Accumulated 
OCI into 
Income 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
 Amount of 
Gain or (Loss) 
Reclassified 
from 
Accumulated 
OCI into 
Income 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
 Location of Gain 
or (Loss) 
Recognized in 
Income on 
Derivatives 
(Ineffective 
Portion and 
Amount Excluded 
from 
Effectiveness 
Testing)  
   
 Amount of 
Gain 
or (Loss) 
Recognized in 
Income 
(Ineffective 
Portion and 
Amount 
Excluded from 
Effectiveness 
Testing) (a)   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 Cost of revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

  
   
 Location of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivatives  
   
 Amount of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivatives  
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 Other, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
amounts of gains or losses recognized in income related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationships and to the amount excluded from the
assessment of hedge effectiveness were immaterial for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014.  
  
  92 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
following tables show the effect of the Company's derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
fiscal year ended June 28, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in millions) 
Derivatives Designated as Cash 
Flow Hedges

 

  
   
 Amount of 
Gain or 
(Loss) 
Recognized 
in OCI on 
Derivatives 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
 Location of Gain 
or (Loss) 
Reclassified 
from 
Accumulated 
OCI into 
Income 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
 Amount of 
Gain or (Loss) 
Reclassified 
from 
Accumulated 
OCI into 
Income 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
 Location of Gain 
or (Loss) 
Recognized in 
Income on 
Derivatives 
(Ineffective 
Portion and 
Amount Excluded 
from 
Effectiveness 
Testing)  
   
 Amount of 
Gain 
or (Loss) 
Recognized in 
Income 
(Ineffective 
Portion and 
Amount 
Excluded from 
Effectiveness 
Testing) (a)   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

 

  
   
 Location of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivatives  
   
 Amount of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivatives  
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 Other, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 3 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
amounts of gains or losses recognized in income related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationships and to the amount excluded from the
assessment of hedge effectiveness were immaterial for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2013.  
  
   9. Fair Value   

 

  Measurement of Fair Value   

 

         Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers
the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.  

 

  Fair Value Hierarchy   

 

         A fair value hierarchy is based on whether the market participant assumptions used in determining fair value are obtained from
independent sources (observable inputs) or reflects the Company's own assumptions of market participant valuation (unobservable inputs). A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  


         Level 1—Quoted
prices in active markets that are unadjusted and accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;  

         Level 2—Quoted
prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are inactive; quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or
financial instruments for which significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly; or  

         Level 3—Prices
or valuations that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.  

 93 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)   

         The Company considers an active market to be one in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing
information on an ongoing basis, and views an inactive market as one in which there are few transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or price quotations vary substantially
either over time or among market makers. Where appropriate the Company's or the counterparty's non-performance risk is considered in determining the fair values of liabilities and assets,
respectively.  

 

  Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

 

         The following table presents the Company's assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding
accrued interest components, as of June 27, 2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Instruments 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Total 
Balance  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Money market funds 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,261 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,261 
   
 
 
   U.S. treasuries and agency bonds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Certificates of deposit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 269 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 269 
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
   Other debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total cash equivalents and short-term investments 
   
   
 793 
   
   
 1,536 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,329 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Restricted cash and investments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Mutual Funds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Auction rate securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Derivative assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,545 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,338 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Total return swap 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  94 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Instruments 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Total 
Balance  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,516 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,309 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 793 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,545 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,338 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table presents the Company's assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding accrued interest components, as of June 28, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Instruments 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Total 
Balance  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Money market funds 
   
 
 
$ 
 787 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 787 
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 655 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 655 
   
 
 
   U.S. treasuries and agency bonds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 96 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 96 
   
 
 
   Certificates of deposit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 149 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 149 
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 211 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 211 
   
 
 
   Other debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 106 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 106 
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total cash equivalents and short-term investments 
   
   
 791 
   
   
 1,217 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,008 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Restricted Cash and Investments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Mutual Funds 
   
   
 74 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 74 
   
 
 
   Other debt securities 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 27 
   
 
 
   Auction rate securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   Derivative assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 887 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,222 
   
 
 
$ 
 15 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,124 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Instruments 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Total 
Balance  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 787 
   
 
 
$ 
 741 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,528 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 476 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 480 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
   
   
 96 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 101 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 887 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,222 
   
 
 
$ 
 15 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,124 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company classifies items in Level 1 if the financial assets consist of securities for which quoted prices are available in an active market.  

         The
Company classifies items in Level 2 if the financial asset or liability is valued using observable inputs. The Company uses observable inputs including quoted prices in active
markets for similar assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets include: agency bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper, municipal bonds, and U.S. Treasuries. These debt investments are priced using
observable inputs and valuation models which vary by asset class. The Company uses a pricing service to assist in determining the fair values of all of its cash equivalents and short-term investments.
For the cash equivalents and short-term investments in the Company's portfolio, multiple pricing sources are generally available. The pricing service uses inputs from multiple industry standard data
providers or other third party sources and various methodologies, such as weighting and models, to determine the appropriate price at the measurement date. The Company corroborates the prices obtained
from the pricing service against other independent sources and, as of June 27, 2014, has not found it necessary to make any adjustments to the prices obtained. The Company's derivative
financial instruments are also classified within Level 2. The Company's derivative financial instruments consist of foreign currency forward exchange contracts. The Company recognizes
derivative financial instruments in its consolidated financial statements at fair value. The Company determines the fair value of these instruments by considering the estimated amount it would pay or
receive to terminate these agreements at the reporting date.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, we had no Level 3 assets due to the sale of our auction rate securities. As of June 28, 2013, the Company's Level 3 assets consisted of
auction rate securities with a par value of $17 million, all of which were collateralized by student loans guaranteed by the Federal Family Education Loan Program. Beginning in fiscal year
2008, these securities failed to settle at auction and continued to fail until they were all sold in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. Since there was no active market for these securities, the
Company valued them using a discounted cash flow model. The valuation model was based on the income approach and reflected both observable and significant unobservable inputs.  

         The
Company's auction rate securities were measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding accrued interest components, using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). The
fair value of the Company's auction rate securities for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2013 totaled $15 million.  

 96 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 

  Items Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis   

 

         The Company enters into certain strategic investments for the promotion of business and strategic objectives. Strategic investments in
equity securities where the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investees, included in Other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are recorded at
cost and are periodically analyzed to determine whether or not there are indicators of impairment. The carrying value of the Company's strategic investments at June 27, 2014 and June 28,
2013 totaled $46 million and $66 million, respectively, and consisted primarily of privately held equity securities without a readily determinable fair value.  

         During
the fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company determined that certain of its equity investments accounted for under the cost method were other-than-temporarily impaired, and
recognized charges of $2 million, $5 million and $7 million, respectively, in order to write down the carrying amount of the investment to its estimated fair value. These amounts
were recorded in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Since there was no active market for the equity securities of the investee, the Company estimated fair value of the investee
by using the market approach, which was then used to estimate the applicable portion of the fair value of its underlying intellectual property assets.  

 

  Other Fair Value Disclosures   

 

         The Company's debt is carried at amortized cost. The fair value of the Company's debt is derived using the closing price of the same
debt instruments as of the date of valuation, which takes into account the yield curve, interest rates, and other observable inputs. Accordingly, these fair value measurements are categorized as
Level 2. The following table presents the fair value and amortized cost of the Company's debt in order of maturity:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 June 27, 2014  
   
 June 28, 2013  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Estimated 
Fair Value  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Estimated 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
   6.8% Senior Notes due October 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 335 
   
 
 
$ 
 374 
   
 
 
$ 
 335 
   
 
 
$ 
 370 
   
 
 
   3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 
   
   
 800 
   
   
 820 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   7.75% Senior Notes due December 2018 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 238 
   
   
 259 
   
 
 
   6.875% Senior Notes due May 2020 
   
   
 534 
   
   
 578 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 644 
   
 
 
   7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 
   
   
 251 
   
   
 284 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 645 
   
 
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 1,009 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 938 
   
 
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 995 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
   
 3,920 
   
   
 4,060 
   
   
 2,777 
   
   
 2,860 
   
 
 
   Less short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,920 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,060 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,774 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,857 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   10. Shareholders' Equity   

 

  Share Capital   

 

         The Company's authorized share capital is $13,500 and consists of 1,250,000,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.00001, of which
326,539,322 shares were outstanding as of June 27, 2014, and 100,000,000 preferred shares, par value $0.00001, of which none were issued or outstanding as of June 27, 2014.  

 97 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         Ordinary shares —Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by the Company's board of directors (the "Board of
Directors"). Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, after required payments are made to holders of preferred shares, any remaining assets of the Company will be distributed
ratably to holders of the preferred and ordinary shares. Holders of shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters upon which the ordinary shares are entitled to vote, including the election
of directors.  

          Preferred shares —The Company may issue preferred shares in one or more series, up to
the authorized amount, without shareholder approval. The Board of Directors is authorized to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the rights,
preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions. The Board of Directors can also increase or decrease the number of
shares of a series, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by the shareholders.  

         The
Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred shares with voting or conversion rights that could harm the voting power or other rights of the holders of the ordinary
shares. The issuance of preferred shares, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company and might harm the market price of its ordinary shares and the voting and other rights of the holders of ordinary shares.  

 

  Repurchases of Equity Securities   

 

         On February 1, 2010, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized an Anti-Dilution Share Repurchase Program (the
"January 2010 Anti-Dilution Share Repurchase Program"). The repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase its ordinary shares to offset increases in diluted shares, such as those caused by
employee stock plans and convertible debt, used in the determination of diluted net income per share. There was no minimum or maximum number of shares to be repurchased. On April 26, 2012, the
Board of Directors authorized the Company to terminate the January 2010 Anti-Dilution Share Repurchase Program, which was so terminated effective April 26, 2012.  

         On
November 29, 2010, the Company's Board of Directors authorized repurchases of up to an additional $2 billion of the Company's outstanding ordinary shares.  

         On
January 25, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $1 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares.  

         On
April 26, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $2.5 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares.  


         On
July 24, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $2.5 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares.  

         All
repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association.  

         As
of June 27, 2014, $1.5 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase authorization limit.  

 98 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
following table sets forth information with respect to repurchases of the Company's ordinary shares during fiscal year 2014, 2013 and 2012:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In millions) 
   
 Number of 
Shares 
Repurchased  
   
 Dollar Value 
of Shares 
Repurchased  
   
 
 
   Cumulative repurchased through July 1, 2011 
   
   
 89 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,406 
   
 
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2012 (a) 
   
   
 101 
   
   
 2,426 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 29, 2012 
   
   
 190 
   
   
 3,832 
   
 
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2013 
   
   
 54 
   
   
 1,654 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 28, 2013 
   
   
 244 
   
   
 5,486 
   
 
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2014 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 1,912 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 27, 2014 
   
   
 285 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,398 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Includes
21 million shares of repurchases for $305 million under the January 2010 Anti-Dilution Share Repurchase Program.  
  
   11. Compensation   

 

  Stock-Based Compensation Plans   

 

         The Company's stock-based compensation plans have been established to promote the Company's long-term growth and financial success by
providing incentives to its employees, directors, and consultants through grants of share-based awards. The provisions of the Company's stock-based benefit plans, which allow for the grant of various
types of equity-based awards, are also intended to provide greater flexibility to maintain the Company's competitive ability to attract, retain and motivate participants for the benefit of the Company
and its shareholders.  

          Seagate Technology plc 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the "EIP").     On October 26, 2011, the shareholders approved the EIP and
authorized
the issuance of up to a total of 27.0 million ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, plus any shares remaining available for grant under the Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share
Compensation Plan (the "SCP") as of the effective date of the EIP (which was equal to 11.0 million ordinary shares as of the effective date of the EIP and which will increase by such additional
number of shares as will be returned to the share reserve in respect of awards previously granted under the SCP) (together, the "Share Reserve"). Any shares that are subject to options or share
appreciation rights granted under the EIP will be counted against the Share Reserve as one share for every one share granted, and any shares that are subject to restricted share bonus awards,
restricted
share units, performance share bonus awards or performance share awards (collectively, "Full-Value Share Awards") will generally be counted against the Share Reserve as two and one-tenth shares for
every one share granted. As of June 27, 2014, there were approximately 15.7 million ordinary shares available for issuance under the EIP.  


         Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan (the "SCP").     A maximum of 63.5 million ordinary shares were issuable under
the SCP,
including 10.0 million authorized for issuance of share awards and restricted units. On November 4, 2011, the Company filed Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to deregister
11.0 million ordinary shares that remained available for grant as of October 27, 2011 under the SCP and no shares have been granted from the SCP subsequent to that date.  

 99 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

          Seagate Technology plc Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP").     There are 50.0 million ordinary shares authorized to be issued under
the ESPP.
In no event shall the total number of shares issued under the ESPP exceed 75.0 million ordinary shares. The ESPP consists of a six-month offering period with a maximum issuance of
1.5 million ordinary shares per offering period. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase ordinary shares through payroll deductions generally at 85% of the fair market value of the
ordinary shares. As of June 27, 2014 there were approximately 10.2 million ordinary shares available for issuance under the ESPP.  

          i365, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the "i365 Plan").     In October 2010, i365, Inc. ("i365"), a wholly owned subsidiary of
the
Company, adopted the i365, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the "i365 Plan"). A maximum of 5.0 million shares of i365's common stock are issuable under the i365 Plan. Options granted to
employees generally vest as follows: 25% of the options on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining 75% proportionately each month over the next 36 months.
Options expire ten years from the date of grant. The compensation expense associated with options granted to date under the i365 Plan was not material for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012,
respectively.  

          LyveMinds Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the "LyveMinds Plan").     On October 19, 2012, LyveMinds Inc., a majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company, adopted the LyveMinds Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the "LyveMinds Plan"). A maximum of 31.9 million shares of LyveMinds' common stock are issuable under
the LyveMinds Plan to employees, directors, and consultants of LyveMinds. Options granted to LyveMinds employees generally vest as follows: 25% of the options on the first anniversary of the vesting
commencement date and the remaining 75% proportionately each month over the next 36 months. Options expire ten years from the date of grant. LyveMinds, Inc. adopted the Amended and
Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan on March 26, 2014 in connection with LyveMinds' reincorporation as a Delaware corporation. The compensation expense associated with options granted to date
under the LyveMinds Plan was not material for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  

 

  Equity Awards   

 

         Full-Value Share Awards (e.g. restricted share units) generally vest over a period of three to four years, with cliff vesting of
a portion of each award occurring annually. Options generally vest as follows: 25% of the options will vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining 75% will vest
ratably each month thereafter over the next 36 months. Options granted under the EIP and SCP have an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company's ordinary shares on date of grant.  

         The
Company granted performance awards to its senior executive officers under the SCP and the EIP where vesting is subject to both the continued employment of the participant by the
Company and the achievement of certain performance goals established by the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, including market based performance goals. A single award
represents the right to receive a single ordinary share of the Company. During fiscal year 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company granted 0.4 million, 0.7 million and 0.6 million
performance awards, respectively, where performance is measured based on a three-year average return on invested capital (ROIC) goal and a relative total shareholder return (TSR) goal, which is based
on the Company's ordinary shares measured against a benchmark TSR of a peer group over the same three-year period (the "TSR/ROIC" awards). These awards vest after the end of the performance period of
three years from the grant date. A percentage of these units may vest only if at least the minimum ROIC goal is met regardless of whether the TSR goal is met. The number of stock units to vest will
range from 0% to 200% of the targeted units. In evaluating the fair value of these units, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation on the grant date, taking the market-based TSR goal into
consideration. Compensation expense related to these units is only recorded in a  

 100 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 period
if it is probable that the ROIC goal will be met, and it is to be recorded at the expected level of achievement.  

         The
Company also granted 0.3 million, 0.3 million and 0.6 million performance awards during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively, to its senior executive
officers which are subject to a performance goal related to the Company's adjusted earnings per share (the "AEPS" awards). These awards have a maximum seven-year vesting period, with 25% annual
vesting starting on the first anniversary of the grant date. If the performance goal is not achieved, vesting is delayed to a following year in which the AEPS goal is achieved. Any unvested awards
from prior years may vest cumulatively in a future year within the seven-year vesting period if the annual AEPS goal is achieved during a subsequent year. If the AEPS goal has not been met by the end
of the seven year period, any unvested shares will be forfeited.  

         During
fiscal year 2014, the Company did not grant any performance-based options and performance based restricted share units to its CEO. In fiscal year 2013, the Company granted
0.2 million performance-based options and 0.1 million performance-based restricted share units to its CEO which are based on the attainment of a minimum 40% TSR (the "40% TSR" awards).
The 40% TSR awards cliff vest after three years, contingent upon continued service and the attainment of a minimum 40% TSR, inclusive of dividends and share price appreciation, over a three-year
performance period, which TSR must be sustained for a minimum of 30 consecutive trading days.  

 

  Determining Fair Value of Seagate Technology Stock Plans   

 

          Valuation and amortization method —The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model and a
single option award approach. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period or the remaining
service (vesting) period.  

          Expected Term —Expected term represents the period that the Company's stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and was determined based on
historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior as influenced by
changes to the terms of its stock-based awards.  

         Expected Volatility —The Company uses a combination of the implied volatility of its traded options and historical volatility of its share price.
 

          Expected Dividend —The Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model calls for a single expected dividend yield as an input. The dividend yield is determined by
dividing the expected per share dividend during the coming year by the grant date share price. The expected dividend assumption is based on the Company's current expectations about its anticipated
dividend policy. Also, because the expected dividend yield should reflect marketplace participants' expectations, the Company does not incorporate changes in dividends anticipated by management unless
those changes have been communicated to or otherwise are anticipated by marketplace participants.  

          Risk-Free Interest Rate —The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model on the implied yield currently
available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. Where the expected term of the Company's stock-based awards do not correspond with the terms for which interest rates
are quoted, the Company performed a straight-line interpolation to determine the rate from the available term maturities.  

 101 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)   

          Fair Value —The fair value of the Company's nonvested awards and performance awards subject to an AEPS condition for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012,
is the price of the Company's shares on the grant date. The weighted average grant date fair value of awards granted are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Nonvested awards: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 41.18 
   
 
 
$ 
 30.26 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.14 
   
 
 
   Performance awards: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 48.69 
   
 
 
$ 
 30.01 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.16 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
fair value of the Company's shares related to options granted to employees, shares issued from the ESPP and performance awards subject to TSR/ROIC conditions for fiscal years 2014,
2013, and 2012 were estimated using the following assumptions:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years  
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
 
 
   Options 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
   
 4.2 
   
 4.2 
   
 4.2 
 
 
   Volatility 
   
 35 – 41% 
   
 41 – 53% 
   
 49 – 53% 
 
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
   
 40% 
   
 52% 
   
 50% 
 
 
   Expected dividend rate 
   
 3.1% – 3.8% 
   
 3.6 – 5.8% 
   
 3.8 – 6.5% 
 
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
   
 3.7% 
   
 4.4% 
   
 5.9% 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
 1.2 – 1.4% 
   
 0.5 – 1.1% 
   
 0.6 – 0.9% 
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
   
 $10.41 
   
 $8.96 
   
 $3.61 
 
 
   ESPP 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
   
 0.5 
   
 0.5 
   
 0.5 
 
 
   Volatility 
   
 34 – 36% 
   
 38 – 46% 
   
 45 – 54% 
 
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
   
 35% 
   
 42% 
   
 49% 
 
 
   Expected dividend rate 
   
 3.3 – 3.5% 
   
 2.2 – 4.2% 
   
 3.9 – 5.2% 
 
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
   
 3.4% 
   
 3.2% 
   
 4.7% 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
 0.1% 
   
 0.1% 
   
 0.1 – 0.2% 
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
   
 $10.46 
   
 $7.74 
   
 $4.89 
 
 
   Performance restricted share awards subject to market condition 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
   
 3.00 
   
 2.98 
   
 2.96 
 
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
   
 46% 
   
 48% 
   
 65% 
 
 
   Expected dividend rate 
   
 3.8% 
   
 4.3% 
   
 6.4% 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
 0.9% 
   
 0.3% 
   
 0.3% 
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
   
 $37.51 
   
 $26.41 
   
 $10.05 
 
 
 
  
  

  Stock Compensation Expense   

 

         The Company recorded $118 million, $76 million and $51 million of share-based compensation during fiscal years
2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. Management has made an estimate of expected forfeitures and is recognizing compensation costs only for those equity awards expected to vest. When estimating
forfeitures, the Company considers voluntary termination behavior as well as analysis of actual forfeited awards.  

 102 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 

  Stock Option Activity   

 

         The Company issues new ordinary shares upon exercise of stock options. The following is a summary of option activities:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Options

 

  
   
 Number of 
Shares  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term  
   
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In millions) 
   
   
   
 (In years) 
   
 (Dollars In millions) 
   
 
 
   Outstanding at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 9.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 14.60 
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 286 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.54 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (3.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 12.64 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Forfeitures 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 23.37 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Expirations 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Outstanding at June 27, 2014 
   
   
 6.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.80 
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 238 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Vested and expected to vest at June 27, 2014 
   
   
 6.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.40 
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 231 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercisable at June 27, 2014 
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.56 
   
   
 2.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 157 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the quoted price of the Company's ordinary shares for the options
that were in-the-money at June 27, 2014. During fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under the Company's stock option plans was
$140 million, $272 million and $245 million, respectively, determined as of the date of option exercise. The aggregate fair value of options vested during fiscal year 2014 was
approximately $12 million.  

         At
June 27, 2014, the total compensation cost related to options granted to employees but not yet recognized was approximately $20 million, net of estimated forfeitures of
approximately $1 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of approximately 2.4 years and will be adjusted for subsequent
changes in estimated forfeitures.  

 

  Nonvested Awards Activity   

 

         The following is a summary of nonvested award activities which do not contain a performance condition:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Nonvested Awards

 

  
   
 Number of 
Shares  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Grant- 
Date 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Nonvested at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 5.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 22.07 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 41.18 
   
 
 
   Forfeitures 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 28.69 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (1.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 20.36 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Nonvested at June 27, 2014 
   
   
 7.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.05 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          At
June 27, 2014, the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards granted to employees but not yet recognized was approximately $164 million, net of estimated
forfeitures of approximately  

 103 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 $11 million.
This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of 2.8 years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated
forfeitures. The aggregate fair value of nonvested awards vested during fiscal year 2014 was approximately $73 million.  

 

  Performance Awards   

 

         The following is a summary of nonvested award activities which contain a performance condition:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Performance Awards

 

  
   
 Number of 
Shares  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Grant- 
Date 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Performance units at June 28, 2013 
   
   
 2.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 18.44 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.50 
   
 
 
   Forfeitures 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 14.55 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Performance units at June 27, 2014 
   
   
 2.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.43 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          At
June 27, 2014, the total compensation cost related to performance awards granted to employees but not yet recognized was approximately $52 million. This cost is being
amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of 3.0 years.  

 

  ESPP   

 

         During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the aggregate intrinsic value of shares purchased under the Company's ESPP was approximately
$26 million, $17 million and $17 million respectively. At June 27, 2014, the total compensation cost related to options to purchase the Company's ordinary shares under the
ESPP but not yet recognized was approximately $1.6 million. This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately one month. During fiscal year
2014, the Company issued 1.7 million ordinary shares with a weighted-average purchase price of $31.95 per share.  

 

  Tax-Deferred Savings Plan   

 

         The Company has a tax-deferred savings plan, the Seagate 401(k) Plan (the "40l(k) plan"), for the benefit of qualified employees. The
40l(k) plan is designed to provide employees with an accumulation of funds at retirement. Qualified employees may elect to make contributions to the 401(k) plan on a bi-weekly basis. Pursuant to the
401(k) plan, the Company matches 50% of employee contributions, up to 6% of compensation, subject to maximum annual contributions of $4,500 per participating employee. During fiscal years 2014, 2013,
and 2012, the Company made matching contributions of $16 million, $14 million and $13 million, respectively.  

 

  Deferred Compensation Plan   

 

         On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted the SDCP for the benefit of eligible employees. This plan is designed to permit certain
discretionary employer contributions, in excess of the tax limits applicable to the 401(k) plan and to permit employee deferrals in excess of certain tax limits. In the quarter ended
December 27, 2013, the Company entered into a Total Return Swap ("TRS") in order to manage the equity market risks associated with the SDCP liabilities. See "Note 8. Derivative Financial
Instruments" contained in this report for additional information about the TRS.  

 104 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

         Through
the second quarter of fiscal year 2014, the Company's assets designated to pay benefits under the plan were held by a rabbi trust. The assets and liabilities of a rabbi trust
were accounted for as assets and liabilities of the Company. As of June 28, 2013, the assets held in the rabbi trust were approximately $79 million and were included in Restricted cash
and investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The deferred compensation obligation related to the rabbi trust included in Accrued expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets was
approximately $87 million as of June 28, 2013.  

  12. Earnings Per Share   


         The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Numerator: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Seagate Technology plc 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,570 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,838 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,862 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Total shares for purposes of calculating basic net income per share attributable to Seagate Technology plc 
   
   
 337 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 426 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Employee equity award plans 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Total shares for purpose of calculating diluted net income per share attributable to Seagate Technology plc 
   
   
 347 
   
   
 382 
   
   
 441 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income per share attributable to Seagate Technology plc shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.66 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.97 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.72 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.52 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.81 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.49 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following potential shares were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Employee equity award plans 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
 
  
   13. Business Segment and Geographic Information   

         The Company has concluded that its manufacture and distribution of disk drives constitutes one reporting segment. The Company's
manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various disk drive products that serve multiple disk drive applications and markets. The Company's main technology
platforms are primarily focused around areal density of media and read/write head technologies. In addition, the Company also invests in certain other technology platforms including motors, servo
formatting read/write channels, solid state and other technologies. The Company has determined that its Chief Executive Officer is the Company's chief operating decision maker (CODM) as he is
responsible for reviewing and approving investments in the Company's technology platforms and manufacturing infrastructure.  

         In
fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, Dell Inc. accounted for approximately 13%, 13% and 15% of consolidated revenue, respectively, while Hewlett-Packard Company accounted for
approximately 13%,  

 105 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 10%
and 14% of consolidated revenue, respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated revenue in any year presented.  


         Other
long-lived assets consist of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, other intangible assets, capital leases, equity investments and other non-current assets as recorded by
the Company's operations in each area.  


         The
following table summarizes the Company's operations by geographic area:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenue from external customers (a) : 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Singapore 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,828 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,429 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,847 
   
 
 
   United States 
   
   
 3,679 
   
   
 3,620 
   
   
 3,845 
   
 
 
   The Netherlands 
   
   
 2,652 
   
   
 2,804 
   
   
 3,089 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 565 
   
   
 498 
   
   
 158 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Consolidated 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,724 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,939 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-lived assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Singapore 
   
 
 
$ 
 788 
   
 
 
$ 
 881 
   
 
 
$ 
 868 
   
 
 
   Thailand 
   
   
 398 
   
   
 398 
   
   
 409 
   
 
 
   United States 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 427 
   
   
 318 
   
 
 
   China 
   
   
 167 
   
   
 212 
   
   
 270 
   
 
 
   Malaysia 
   
   
 146 
   
   
 129 
   
   
 144 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 680 
   
   
 852 
   
   
 928 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Consolidated 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,679 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,899 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,937 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Revenue
is attributed to countries based on the shipping location.  
  

  14. Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies   

         The Company assesses the probability of an unfavorable outcome of all its material litigation, claims, or assessments to determine
whether a liability had been incurred and whether it is probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of the loss. In the event that an unfavorable outcome is determined to be
probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company establishes an accrual for the litigation, claim or assessment. In addition, in the event an unfavorable outcome is
determined to be less than probable, but reasonably possible, the Company will disclose an estimate of the possible loss or range of such loss; however, when a reasonable estimate cannot be made, the
Company will provide disclosure to that effect. Litigation is inherently uncertain and may result in adverse rulings or decisions. Additionally, the Company may enter into settlements or be subject to
judgments that may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially.  

 

  Intellectual Property Litigation   

 

          Convolve, Inc. ("Convolve") and Massachusetts Institute of Technology ("MIT") v. Seagate Technology LLC, et al. —On July 13, 2000,
Convolve and MIT filed suit against Compaq Computer Corporation and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of  

 106 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 New York,
alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 4,916,635 (the "'635 patent") and U.S. Patent No. 5,638,267 (the "'267 patent"), misappropriation of trade
secrets, breach of contract, and other claims. In the complaint, the plaintiffs requested injunctive relief, $800 million in compensatory damages and unspecified punitive damages, including for
willful infringement. On January 16, 2002, Convolve filed an amended complaint, alleging defendants infringe US Patent No. 6,314,473 (the "'473 patent"). The district court ruled in 2010
that the '267 patent was out of the case.  

         On
August 16, 2011, the district court granted in part and denied in part the Company's motion for summary judgment. On July 1, 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit: 1) affirmed the district court's summary judgment rulings that Seagate did not misappropriate any of the alleged trade secrets and that the asserted claims of the '635 patent
are invalid; 2) reversed and vacated the district court's summary judgment of non-infringement with respect to the '473 patent; and 3) remanded the case for further proceedings on the
'473 patent. On July 11, 2014, the district court issued its ruling on the Company's summary judgment motion regarding Convolve's only remaining cause of action, which alleged infringement of
the '473 patent; the court granted the motion and directed the clerk of the court to close the case. The court entered judgment in favor of the Company on July 14, 2014. In view of the rulings
made by the district court and the Court of Appeals and the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any, that could be awarded Convolve in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is
currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  


         Alexander Shukh v. Seagate Technology —On February 12, 2010, Alexander Shukh filed a complaint against the Company in the U.S. District Court
for the District of Minnesota, alleging, among other things, employment discrimination based on his Belarusian national origin and wrongful failure to name him as an inventor on several patents and
patent applications. Mr. Shukh's employment was terminated as part of a company-wide reduction in force in fiscal year 2009. He seeks damages in excess of $75 million. The Company
believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this case. On March 31, 2014, the district court granted Seagate's summary judgment motion and entered judgment in favor
of Seagate. Mr. Shukh filed a notice of appeal on April 7, 2014. In view of the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any, that could be awarded in this matter, the Company
does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  

          LEAP Co., Ltd. v. Seagate Singapore International Headquarters Pte. Ltd. and Nippon Seagate Inc.  —On July 4, 2012,
LEAP Co., Ltd. filed a lawsuit in the Tokyo District Court of Japan against Seagate Singapore International Headquarters Pte. Ltd., Nippon Seagate Inc. and
Buffalo Inc. alleging wrongful termination of purchase agreements and other claims, and seeking approximately
$38 million in damages. A date for the start of trial has not yet been scheduled. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this case. In view of the
uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any, that could be awarded in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible
range of loss related to this matter.  

          Realtek Semiconductor Corporation ITC Investigation re Certain Integrated Circuit Chips and Products Containing the Same —On September 19, 2012,
Realtek Semiconductor Corporation filed a complaint with the International Trade Commission ("ITC") seeking an investigation pursuant to Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended
("Section 337"). The complaint names LSI Corporation and Seagate Technology as respondents and alleges infringement of U.S. patents relating to integrated circuit chips that include bond pad
structures. Realtek seeks an order to exclude entry of infringing integrated circuit chips and products containing the infringing integrated circuit chips into the U.S. and a cease and desist order.
The ITC initiated an investigation on October 18, 2012. On March 21, 2014, the Administrative Law Judge ("ALJ") issued an Initial Determination in favor of Seagate and LSI. On
July 21, 2014, the Commission  

 107 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 gave
notice that it had determined to affirm in part, reverse in part and vacate in part the ALJ's Initial Determination; the Commission found that no violation of Section 337 by Seagate or LSI
has occurred based on findings that certain of the patent claims at issue were invalid, and that Realtek failed to show the existence of an industry in the U.S. that exploits the patent. In view of
the uncertainty regarding the possible outcome of this case and the nature of the relief sought, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the
possible loss or range of loss, or other possible adverse result, if any, that may be incurred with respect to this matter.  

          Enova Technology Corporation v. Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc., et al. —On June 5, 2013, Enova Technology Corporation filed a
complaint against Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc. and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of U.S. Patent
No. 7,136,995, "Cryptographic Device," and U.S. Patent No. 7,900,057, "Cryptographic Serial ATA Apparatus and Method." The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, injunctive relief, attorneys' fees, and other relief. The trial is scheduled to begin May 9, 2016. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend
this case. In view of the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if any, that could be awarded in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a
reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  

 

  Environmental Matters   

 

         The Company's operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including
those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of the Company's operations
require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities.  

         The
Company has established environmental management systems and continually updates its environmental policies and standard operating procedures for its operations worldwide. The
Company believes that its operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. The Company budgets for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to
comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on the Company in the future, it could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures.  

         Some
environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the "Superfund" law) and its state equivalents, can impose
liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether the owner or
operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. The Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at
several sites. At each of these sites, the Company has an assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the
number of financially viable parties. The Company has fulfilled its responsibilities at some of these sites and remains involved in only a few at this time.  

         While
the Company's ultimate costs in connection with these sites is difficult to predict with complete accuracy, based on its current estimates of cleanup costs and its expected
allocation of these costs, the Company does not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material.  

 108 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
Company may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those restricting the presence of certain substances in
electronic products. For example, the European Union ("EU") enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which prohibits the use of
certain substances,
including lead, in certain products, including disk drives, put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United
States, Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts
substances of very high concern ("SVHCs") in products. If the Company or its suppliers fails to comply with the substance restrictions, recycle requirements or other environmental requirements as they
are enacted worldwide, it could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's business.  

 

  Other Matters   

 

         The Company is involved in a number of other judicial and administrative proceedings incidental to its business, and the Company may be
involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business in the future. Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements may occur, the Company believes that the final
disposition of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.  

  15. Commitments   

          Leases.     The Company leases certain property, facilities and equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements. Land and facility leases
expire at
various dates through 2082 and contain various provisions for rental adjustments including, in certain cases, a provision based on increases in the Consumer Price Index. Also, certain leases provide
for renewal of the lease at the Company's option at expiration of the lease. All of the leases require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and normal maintenance costs.  

         Future
minimum lease payments for operating leases (including accrued lease payments relating to restructuring plans) with initial or remaining terms of one year or more were as follows
at June 27, 2014 (lease payments are shown net of sublease income):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fiscal Years Ending

 

  
   
 Operating Leases  
   
 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 42 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 31 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 21 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 22 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 69 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 200 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Total
rent expense for all land, facility and equipment operating leases, net of sublease income, was $39 million, $35 million and $34 million for fiscal years 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. Total sublease rental income for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $2 million, $4 million and $6 million, respectively. The Company subleases a
portion of its facilities that it considers to be in excess of current requirements. As of June 27, 2014, total future lease income to be recognized for the Company's existing subleases is
approximately $5 million.  

 109 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  


         The
Company recorded amounts for both adverse and favorable leasehold interests and for exit costs that apply directly to the lease commitments assumed through the 2006 acquisition of
Maxtor. As of June 27, 2014, the Company had a $4 million adverse leasehold interest related to leases acquired from Maxtor. The adverse leasehold interest is being amortized to Cost of
revenue and Operating expenses over the remaining duration of the leases. In addition, the Company had $5 million and $9 million remaining in accrued exit costs related to the planned
exit of Maxtor leased excess facilities at June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, respectively.  


         Capital Expenditures.     The Company's non-cancelable commitments for construction of manufacturing and product development facilities and
purchases of
equipment approximated $189 million at June 27, 2014.  

          LSI Asset Acquisition.     On May 29, 2014, the Company and Avago Technologies Limited, a leading semiconductor device supplier to the
enterprise
storage, wired, wireless and industrial end markets, announced that they had entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement under which the Company will acquire the assets of LSI's Accelerated
Solutions Division ("ASD") and Flash Components Division ("FCD") from Avago for $450 million in cash. The acquisition strengthens the Company's strategy to deliver a full suite of storage
solutions, by providing it with established Enterprise PCIe flash and SSD controller capabilities to deliver solutions for the growing flash storage market. The transaction is expected to close in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2015, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including those required by the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act. Because the transaction was pending at the time this Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, certain disclosures required
by ASC Topic 805 Business Combinations have not been made herein.  

  16. Guarantees   

 

  Indemnifications to Officers and Directors   

 

         On May 4, 2009, Seagate Technology, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands
("Seagate-Cayman"), then the parent company, entered into a new form of indemnification agreement (the "Revised Indemnification Agreement") with its officers and directors of Seagate-Cayman and its
subsidiaries (each, an "Indemnitee"). The Revised Indemnification Agreement provides indemnification in addition to any of Indemnitee's indemnification rights under Seagate-Cayman's Articles of
Association, applicable law or otherwise, and indemnifies an Indemnitee for certain expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by
him or her in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Seagate-Cayman or any of its subsidiaries, arising out of his or her service as a director, officer, employee or
agent of Seagate-Cayman or any of its subsidiaries or of any other entity to which he or she provides services at Seagate-Caymans' request. However, an Indemnitee shall not be indemnified under the
Revised Indemnification Agreement for (i) any fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Indemnitee's duty to Seagate-Cayman or the applicable subsidiary of Seagate-Cayman or
(ii) Indemnitee's conscious, intentional or willful failure to act honestly, lawfully and in good faith with a view to the best interests of Seagate-Cayman or the applicable subsidiary of
Seagate-Cayman. In addition, the Revised Indemnification Agreement provides that Seagate-Cayman will advance expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in connection with enforcement of the Revised
Indemnification Agreement or with the investigation, settlement or appeal of any action or proceeding against him or her as to which he or she could be indemnified.  

         On
July 3, 2010 pursuant to a corporate reorganization, the common shareholders of Seagate-Cayman became ordinary shareholders of Seagate Technology plc (the "Company") and
Seagate-Cayman became a  

 110 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

 wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, as described more fully in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 6, 2010 (the "Redomestication"). On July 27, 2010,
in connection with the Redomestication, the Company, as sole shareholder of Seagate-Cayman, approved a form of deed of indemnity (the "Deed of Indemnity"), which provides for the indemnification by
Seagate-Cayman of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, Seagate-Cayman or any subsidiary of the Company (each, a "Deed Indemnitee"), in addition to any of a Deed Indemnitee's
indemnification rights under the Company's Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise, with a similar scope to the Revised Indemnification Agreement. Seagate-Cayman entered into the Deed of
Indemnity with certain Deed Indemnitees effective as of July 3, 2010 and continues to enter into the Deed of Indemnity with additional Deed Indemnitees from time to time.  


         The
nature of these indemnification obligations prevents the Company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount it could be required to pay on behalf of its
officers and directors. Historically, the Company has not made any significant indemnification payments under such agreements and no amount has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.  

 

  Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations   

 

         The Company has entered into agreements with customers and suppliers that include limited intellectual property indemnification
obligations that are customary in the industry. These guarantees generally require the Company to compensate the other party for certain damages and costs incurred as a result of third party
intellectual property claims arising from these transactions. The nature of the intellectual property indemnification obligations prevents the Company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum
potential amount it could be required to pay to its customers and suppliers. Historically, the Company has not made any significant indemnification payments under such agreements and no amount has
been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.  

 

  Product Warranty   

 

         The Company estimates probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. The Company generally warrants its products
for a period of 1 to 5 years. The Company uses estimated repair or replacement costs and uses statistical modeling to estimate product return rates in order to determine its warranty
obligation. Changes in the Company's product warranty liability during the fiscal years ended June 27, 2014, June 28, 2013 and June 29, 2012 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Years Ended  
   
 
 
 (In millions) 
   
 June 27, 
2014  
   
 June 28, 
2013  
   
 June 29, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
   
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 
 
$ 
 363 
   
 
 
$ 
 348 
   
 
 
   Warranties issued 
   
   
 177 
   
   
 193 
   
   
 169 
   
 
 
   Repairs and replacements 
   
   
 (228 
 ) 
   
 (276 
 ) 
   
 (284 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties, including expirations 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 37 
   
   
 58 
   
 
 
   Warranty liability assumed from acquisitions 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 72 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Balance, end of period 
   
 
 
$ 
 273 
   
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 
 
$ 
 363 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  111 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  

  17. Related Party Transactions   

         In connection with the Company's acquisition of the Samsung HDD business, Samsung became a shareholder of the Company and appointed one
of its executives to the Company's Board of Directors.  

          Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. ("Samsung")  The Company recorded revenue of $216 million, $413 million and
$407 million from sales to Samsung for fiscal year 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company made payments to Samsung in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 of $318 million,
$393 million and $102 million, respectively, related to purchases of components and services. The Company had accounts payable to Samsung of $34 million and $48 million at
June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, respectively. The Company had accounts receivable from Samsung of $25 million and $49 million at June 27, 2014 and June 28,
2013, respectively.  

          Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft")  During the years presented (through March 2014), the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
also served on the board of Microsoft. The Company recorded revenue of $208 million, $141 million and $54 million from sales to Microsoft for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. The Company made payments to Microsoft in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 of $1 million, $2 million and $24 million, respectively, related to purchases of licensed
software. The Company had accounts receivable from Microsoft of $35 million and $33 million at June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013.  

 112 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of Seagate Technology public limited company  


         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Seagate Technology public limited company (plc) as of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 27, 2014. These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Seagate Technology plc at
June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 27, 2014, in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Seagate Technology plc's internal control over financial
reporting as of June 27, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(1992 framework) and our report dated August 7, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 /S/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 San Jose, California 
August 7, 2014  

 113 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of Seagate Technology public limited company  

         We
have audited Seagate Technology public limited company (plc)'s internal control over financial reporting as of June 27, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the COSO criteria). Seagate Technology plc's management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

         In
our opinion, Seagate Technology plc maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 27, 2014, based on the COSO
criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Seagate Technology plc
as of June 27, 2014 and June 28, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended June 27, 2014 and our report dated August 7, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 /S/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 San
Jose, California 
August 7, 2014  

 114 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)          

         For quarterly financial data see "Part II, Item 6. Selected Financial Data."  

 115 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          


         Not applicable.   

   
       ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          

  Conclusions Regarding Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

         Our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer have concluded, based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) by our management, with the participation of our chief
executive officer and our chief financial officer, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 27, 2014.  

  Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal
Control—1992 Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO.  

         Based
on our evaluation under the 1992 framework in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework , our management has concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of June 27, 2014. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 27, 2014 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, the independent
registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements included in this Form 10-K, as stated in their report that is included herein.  

  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

  Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls   

         Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls have been designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Because of the inherent limitations in
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Seagate have been detected. An evaluation was performed
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of June 27, 2014. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.   

   
       ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION          

         None.  

 116 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
 PART III          

   
       ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          


         The information regarding our directors and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
set forth in the sections entitled "Proposal 1—Election of Directors," "Corporate Governance" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance," in our Proxy Statement
to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference in this
section. In addition, the information set forth in Part I of this report under "Item 1. Business—Executive Officers" is also incorporated by reference in this section.  


         We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all Seagate employees, officers and members of our Board of Directors, including our principal executive, finance
and accounting officers. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our Website. The Internet address for our Website is  www.seagate.com , and
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may be found from our main Web page by clicking first on "Investors," next on "Corporate Governance" and then on "Code of Business Conduct and Ethics."  

         We
intend to satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics by posting such information on our Website, at the Internet address and location specified above.   

   
       ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          

         The information regarding executive compensation required by this Item 11 set forth in the section entitled "Compensation of
Executive Officers" in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K is
hereby incorporated by reference in this section.   

   
       ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          

         The information regarding security ownership beneficial owners and management and related shareholders required by this Item 12
set forth in the section entitled "Security Ownership of Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Beneficial Owners" in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of
the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.   

   
       ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          

         The information regarding certain relationships, related transactions and director independence required by this Item 13 set
forth in the section entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to
General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.   

   
       ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES          

         The information regarding principal accountant fees and services required by this Item 14 set forth in the section entitled
"Information about the Independent Auditors" in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to
Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.  

 117 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
 PART IV          


       ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

 
 
 (a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report:
 
 
 1. Financial Statements.     The following Consolidated Financial Statements of Seagate
Technology plc and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8:  
 
 

   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Page No.  
   
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
   
   
 62 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
   
   
 
63 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
   
   
 
64 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
   
   
 
65 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
   
   
 
66 
   
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 
67 
   
 
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
 
113 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules.     All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the
required information is included in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
 
 
 
 (b) Exhibits .    The information required by this Item is set forth on the Exhibit Index (following
the Signatures section of this report) and is included, or incorporated by reference, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
 118 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
 
 
   
   
   /s/ STEPHEN J. LUCZO 


 

    (Stephen J. Luczo, Chief Executive Officer, 
Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
 
 
 
 
  
  Date:
August 7, 2014  

   
   
   POWER OF ATTORNEY          

         KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Stephen J. Luczo,
Patrick J. O'Malley, and Kenneth M. Massaroni, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power to act with or without the others and with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents and each of them may deem necessary or desirable to enable the registrant
to comply with the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder in connection with the
registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014 (the "Annual Report"), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power
and authority to sign the name of the registrant and the name of the undersigned, individually and in his capacity as a director or officer of the registrant, to the Annual Report as filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, to any and all amendments thereto, and to any and all instruments or documents filed as part thereof or in connection therewith; and each of the undersigned
hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys and agents and each of them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ STEPHEN J. LUCZO 


 

   (Stephen J. Luczo) 
   
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ PATRICK J. O'MALLEY 



 

   (Patrick J. O'Malley) 
   
 Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ DAVID H. MORTON, JR. 


 

   (David H. Morton, Jr.) 
   
 Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ FRANK J. BIONDI, JR. 


 

   (Frank J. Biondi, Jr.) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 
  
  119 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL R. CANNON 


 

   (Michael R. Cannon) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ MEI-WEI CHENG 


 

   (Mei-Wei Cheng) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM T. COLEMAN III 


 

   (William T. Coleman III) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ JAY L. GELDMACHER 


 

   (Jay L. Geldmacher) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ SEH-WOONG JEONG 


 

   (Dr. Seh-Woong Jeong) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ LYDIA M. MARSHALL 


 

   (Lydia M. Marshall) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ KRISTEN M. ONKEN 


 

   (Kristen M. Onken) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ C.S. PARK 


 

   (Dr. C.S. Park) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ GREGORIO REYES 


 

   (Gregorio Reyes) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ EDWARD J. ZANDER 


 

   (Edward J. Zander) 
   
 Director 
   
 August 7, 2014 
 
 
 
  
  120 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 2.1 
   
 Scheme of Arrangement among Seagate Technology ("Seagate-Cayman"), Seagate Technology plc ("Seagate-Ireland") and the Scheme Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Seagate Technology's Definitive
Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 5, 2010) 
   
 DEF 14A 
   
 001-31560 
   
 Annex A 
   
 3/5/2010 
   
   
 
 
 2.2 
   
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2013, among Seagate Technology International, Phoenix Acquisition Ltd and Xyratex Ltd. 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 2.1 
   
 12/23/2013 
   
   
 
 
 3.1 
   
 Memorandum and Articles of Association of Seagate Technology plc, as amended and restated by Special Resolution dated October 30, 2013 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 3.1 
   
 11/1/2013 
   
   
 
 
 3.2 
   
 Certificate of Incorporation of Seagate Technology plc 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 3.2 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 4.1 
   
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 4.2 
   
 Indenture dated September 20, 2006 among Seagate Technology, Seagate Technology HDD Holdings and U.S. Bank National Association 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 9/21/2006 
   
   
 
 
 4.3 
   
 Forms of Global Note for the Senior Notes due 2011 and Senior Notes due 2016 of Seagate Technology HDD Holdings issued pursuant to the Indenture 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 9/21/2006 
   
   
 
 
 4.4 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2010, among Seagate Technology HDD Holdings, Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, amending and supplementing
the Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2006, among Seagate Technology HDD Holdings, Seagate Technology and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.2 
   
 3/3/2010 
   
   
 
 
 4.5 
   
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 3, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology, as original guarantor, Seagate Technology plc, as successor guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as trustee, amending and supplementing the Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology, as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 7/6/2010 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  121 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 4.6 
   
 Indenture dated as of May 13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 5/14/2010 
   
   
 
 
 4.7 
   
 Form of 6.875% Senior Note due 2020 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 5/14/2010 
   
   
 
 
 4.8 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Banc of America Securities LLC 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.3 
   
 5/14/2010 
   
   
 
 
 4.9 
   
 Indenture dated as of May 18, 2011, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 5/18/2011 
   
   
 
 
 4.10 
   
 Form of 7.000% Senior Note due 2021 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 5/18/2011 
   
   
 
 
 4.11 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.3 
   
 5/18/2011 
   
   
 
 
 4.12 
   
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012, among Seagate Technology International, as issuer, Seagate Business Centre (UK) Limited and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee,
amending and supplementing the Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2009, among Seagate Technology International, as issuer, Seagate Technology and the other guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.20 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 4.13 
   
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2023 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.2 
   
 5/22/2013 
   
   
 
 
 4.14 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 22, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.3 
   
 5/22/2013 
   
   
 
 
 4.15 
   
 Form of 3.75% Senior Note due 2018 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 11/5/2013 
   
   
 
 
 4.16 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of November 5, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.3 
   
 11/5/2013 
   
   
 
 
 4.17 
   
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2025 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.1 
   
 5/28/2014 
   
   
 
 
 4.18 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 28, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 4.3 
   
 5/28/2014 
   
   
 
 
 10.1+ 
   
 Fifth Amended and Restated Seagate Technology Executive Officer Severance and Change in Control Plan 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 
  
  122 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 10.2+ 
   
 Amended Seagate Technology plc 2001 Share Option Plan 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.3+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2001 Share Option Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Option Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.3 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.4(a)+ 
   
 Form of Revised Indemnification Agreement between Seagate Technology and the director or officer named therein 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.4(b) 
   
 5/6/2009 
   
   
 
 
 10.4(b)+ 
   
 Form of Deed of Indemnity between Seagate Technology plc and the director or company secretary named therein 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 7/29/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.5+ 
   
 Seagate Technology Amended and Restated Executive Officer Performance Bonus Plan 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 11/1/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.6+ 
   
 Amended Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.6 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.7+ 
   
 Seagate Technology 2004 Stock Compensation Plan Form of Option Agreement (For Outside Directors) 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.7 
   
 11/4/2009 
   
   
 
 
 10.8+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Option Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.13 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.9+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Notice of Performance Share Bonus Grant and Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.16 
   
 8/20/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.10+ 
   
 Offer Letter, dated as of January 29, 2009, by and between Seagate Technology and Stephen J. Luczo 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.20 
   
 2/10/2009 
   
   
 
 
 10.11+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy) 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.19 
   
 11/3/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.12+ 
   
 Restated Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.27 
   
 5/5/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.13+ 
   
 Seagate Deferred Compensation Sub-Plan 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.28 
   
 5/5/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.14 
   
 Second Priority Mortgage of Shares in Seagate Technology, dated March 1, 2010, between Seagate Technology plc, as mortgagor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as mortgagee 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.23 
   
 3/3/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.15 
   
 Deed Poll of Assumption by Seagate Technology plc, dated July 2, 2010 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.2 
   
 7/6/2010 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  123 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 10.16 
   
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the lending institutions thereto, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent,
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated and BNP Paribas as Syndication Agents and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.47 
   
 2/3/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.17 
   
 U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
Administrative Agent 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.48 
   
 2/3/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.18 
   
 U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
Administrative Agent 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.49 
   
 2/3/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.19 
   
 U.S. Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Subsidiary Pledgor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
Administrative Agent 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.50 
   
 2/3/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.20 
   
 Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Subsidiary parties thereto and The Bank of
Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.52 
   
 2/3/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.21 
   
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Seagate Technology International and Seagate Technology plc dated April 19, 2011 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.53 
   
 8/17/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.22 
   
 Intellectual Property Agreement by and between Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and Seagate Technology International dated April 19, 2011 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.54 
   
 8/17/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.23 
   
 Shareholder Agreement by and between Seagate Technology plc and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. dated as of April 19, 2011 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.55 
   
 8/17/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.24+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.56 
   
 10/27/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.25+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.57 
   
 10/27/2011 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  124 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 10.26+ 
   
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Agreement (outside directors) 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.28 
   
 8/8/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.27 
   
 Supplement No. 1, dated February 7, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor
parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.45 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 10.28 
   
 Supplement No. 1, dated February 7, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as
Borrower, the Subsidiary parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.46 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 10.29 
   
 Supplement No. 2, dated February 22, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor
parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.48 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 10.30 
   
 Supplement No. 2, dated February 22, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as
Borrower, the Subsidiary parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.49 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 10.31 
   
 Supplement No. 3, dated March 19, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantor
parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.50 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 10.32 
   
 Supplement No. 3, dated March 19, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology Public Limited Company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as
Borrower, the Subsidiary parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.51 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 10.33+ 
   
 Summary description of Seagate Technology plc's Compensation Policy for Non-Management Members of the Board of Directors with an effective date of October 24, 2012 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.52 
   
 8/8/2012 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  125 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 10.34+ 
   
 Seagate Technology Public Limited Company 2012 Equity Incentive Plan Executive Performance Unit Agreement. 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.37 
   
 8/8/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.35+ 
   
 Seagate Technology Public Limited Company 2012 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Agreement. 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.38 
   
 8/8/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.36+ 
   
 Seagate Technology Public Limited Company 2012 Equity Incentive Plan Option Agreement. 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.39 
   
 8/8/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.37+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 10.38+ 
   
 First Amendment to Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.21 
   
 5/5/2010 
   
   
 
 
 10.39+ 
   
 Second Amendment to Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.21 
   
 5/3/2011 
   
   
 
 
 10.40+ 
   
 Third Amendment to Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10-Q/A 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.56 
   
 1/31/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.41 
   
 Second Amendment, dated April 30, 2013, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 5/1/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.42+ 
   
 First Amendment, dated April 30, 2013, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011 
   
 10-Q 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.2 
   
 5/1/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.43+ 
   
 Summary description of Seagate Technology plc's Compensation Policy for Non-Management Members of the Board of Directors with an effective date of October 30, 2013 
   
 10-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.46 
   
 8/7/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.44+ 
   
 Offer Letter, dated as of February 6, 2014, by and between Seagate Technology and Jamie Lerner 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 2/24/2014 
   
   
 
 
 10.45 
   
 Share Redemption Agreement between Seagate Technology plc and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.1 
   
 10/8/2013 
   
   
 
 
 10.46 
   
 Amendment and Termination Agreement, between Seagate Technology plc and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. 
   
 8-K 
   
 001-31560 
   
 10.2 
   
 10/8/2013 
   
   
 
 
 21.1 
   
 List of Subsidiaries 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 23.1 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 24.1 
   
 Power of Attorney (see signature page to this annual report) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 31.1 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 
  
  126 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
 
 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Exhibit Description  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Filing 
Date  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 31.2 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 32.1† 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 + Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 † The
certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are not deemed filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Seagate Technology plc under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  
  
  127 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
