
 10-K
 1
 lglw2013_10k.htm
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
 
      CORNING FORM 10-K 
 
 

 United
States 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

   

 Form 10-K 

   

  ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 F or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 

 OR 

  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

   

 Commission file number: 1-3247 

   

 Corning
Incorporated 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

 
 
     NEW
    YORK 
     16-0393470 
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
     ONE
    RIVERFRONT PLAZA, CORNING, NY 
     14831 
 
     (Address of principal executive offices) 
     (Zip Code) 
 
     607-974-9000 
 
     (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) 
 
   

 
 
     Securities
    registered pursuant to Section 12( b ) of the Act: 
 
     Title of each class 
     Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
     Common
    Stock, $0.50 par value per share 
     New
    York Stock Exchange 
 
   

 
 
     Securities
    registered pursuant to Section 12( g ) of the Act: 
 
     None 
 
   

 
 
     Indicate
    by check mark 
     Yes 
     No 
 
     • 
     if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
     
     
 
     • 
     if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
     
     
 
     • 
     whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
     
     
 
     • 
     whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.) 
     
     
 
     • 
     if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this Form 10-K. 
     
 
     • 
     whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
       
 

 
 
     Large accelerated filer    
     Accelerated filer  
     
         Non-accelerated filer  
           
         (Do not check
        if a smaller reporting company)  
     Smaller reporting company  
 
       •    whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
     
     
 


 

   

 



 

















 As of June 28, 2013, the aggregate market
value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $21 billion based on the $14.23 price
as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 

   

 There were 1,392,124,762 shares of Corning’s
common stock issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2014. 

   

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

   

 Portions of the Registrant’s Definitive
Proxy Statement dated March 13, 2014, and filed for the Registrant’s 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated
into Part III, as specifically set forth in Part III. 

 
       
       
     

 

 Table of contents 

   



 
 
     PART I 
     1 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 1 
     Business 
     1 
 
     Item 1A 
     Risk Factors 
     10 
 
     Item 1B 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     18 
 
     Item 2 
     Properties 
     19 
 
     Item 3 
     Legal Proceedings 
     19 
 
     Item 4 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     22 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART II 
     23 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 5 
     Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     23 
 
     Item 6 
     Selected Financial Data 
     25 
 
     Item 7 
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     26 
 
     Item 7A 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     64 
 
     Item 8 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     65 
 
     Item 9 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     65 
 
     Item 9A 
     Controls and Procedures 
     65 
 
     Item 9B 
     Other Information 
     66 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART III 
     67 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 10 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     67 
 
     Item 11 
     Executive Compensation 
     67 
 
     Item 12 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     67 
 
     Item 13 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
     67 
 
     Item 14 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
     68 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART VI 
     69 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 15 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
     69 
 
     Signatures 
     74 
 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
     77 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income 
     78 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
     79 
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets 
     80 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
     81 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
     82 
 
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
     83 
 
     Valuation Accounts and Reserves 
     136 
 
     Quarterly Operating Results (unaudited) 
     137 
 

 
       
       
     


 This page intentionally left blank. 





 
       
     Back to Contents 
     




 PART I 

   

 Corning Incorporated and its consolidated
subsidiaries are hereinafter sometimes referred to as the “Company,” the “Registrant,” “Corning,”
or “we.” 

   

 This report contains forward-looking statements
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations and estimates
and may contain words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,”
“forecasts,” or similar expressions. Our actual results could differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted
in our forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could contribute to these differences include those discussed under
“Forward-Looking Statements,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,” and elsewhere in this report. 

   

 
 ITEM 1 Business 
 

   

 General 

   

 Corning traces its origins to a glass business
established in 1851. The present corporation was incorporated in the State of New York in December 1936. The Company’s name
was changed from Corning Glass Works to Corning Incorporated on April 28, 1989. 

   

 Corning Incorporated is a world leader in
the manufacture of specialty glass and ceramics. Drawing on more than 160 years of materials science and process engineering knowledge,
Corning creates and makes keystone components that enable high-technology systems for consumer electronics, mobile emissions control,
telecommunications and life sciences. Corning operates in five reportable segments: Display Technologies, Optical Communications,
Environmental Technologies, Specialty Materials and Life Sciences. Corning manufactures and processes products at approximately
70 plants in 15 countries. 

   

 Display Technologies Segment 

   

 Corning’s Display Technologies segment
manufactures glass substrates for active matrix liquid crystal displays (LCDs) that are used primarily in notebook computers, flat
panel desktop monitors, and LCD televisions. This segment develops, manufactures and supplies high quality glass substrates using
technology expertise and a proprietary fusion manufacturing process, which Corning invented and is the cornerstone of the Company’s
technology leadership in the LCD industry. The automated process yields high quality glass substrates with excellent dimensional
stability and uniformity – essential attributes for the production of large, high performance active matrix LCDs. Corning’s
fusion process is scalable and is thought to be the most effective process in producing large size substrates. We are recognized
for providing product innovations that help our customers produce larger, lighter, thinner and higher-resolution displays more
affordably. In 2006, Corning launched EAGLE XG ® , the industry’s first LCD glass substrate that is free of heavy metals.
In 2010, leveraging the EAGLE XG ®  composition, Corning introduced EAGLE XG ®  Slim glass, a line of slim glass substrates
which enables lighter-weight portable devices and thinner televisions and monitors. In 2011, Corning launched Corning Lotus™
Glass, a high-performance display glass developed to enable cutting-edge technologies, including organic light-emitting diode (OLED)
displays and next generation LCDs. Corning Lotus Glass helps support the demanding manufacturing processes of both OLED and liquid
crystal displays for high performance, portable devices such as smart phones, tablets, and notebook computers. In 2012, Corning
introduced Corning ®  Willow™ Glass, our ultra-slim flexible glass for use in next-generation consumer electronic technologies.
Not only does this technology support thinner backplanes for both OLED and LCD displays, it also allows for curved displays for
immersive viewing or mounting on non-flat surfaces. And in 2013, Corning announced the commercial launch of Corning Lotus™
XT Glass, a second-generation glass substrate specially formulated for high-performance displays. The Corning Lotus Glass platform
offers an energy-efficient, immersive display device that features high resolution, fast response times, and bright picture quality. 

   

 Our Display Technologies segment has two
equity affiliates: 1) Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd. (Samsung Corning Precision Materials), of which Corning owns
57% and Samsung Display Co., Ltd. (Samsung Display) owns 43%; and 2) Samsung Corning Advanced Glass, LLC, owned equally by Corning
and Samsung Mobile Display Co., Ltd. Samsung Corning Precision Materials is a leading supplier of LCD glass substrates to display
manufacturers in Korea. Samsung Corning Advanced Glass, LLC manufactures specialty glass substrates for the rapidly expanding organic
light emitting diode (OLED) device market. The business combines Corning’s Lotus™ Glass substrate technology and Samsung
Display’s OLED display expertise, to provide outstanding product solutions for current and future OLED technologies. Samsung
Corning Precision Materials’ financial statements are attached in Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 1 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 To extend Corning’s leadership in specialty
glass and drive earnings growth, Corning announced in October 2013 that it is entering into a series of strategic and financial
agreements with Samsung Display intended to strengthen product and technology collaborations between the two companies. Corning
and Samsung Display completed this transaction on January 15, 2014. 

   

 The following is a summary of the series
of transactions, and the impacts to the Display Technologies segment: 

   

 
 • Corning obtained full ownership of Samsung Corning Precision
Materials. This organization and its assets will be integrated into Corning’s Display Technologies segment. 
 

   

 
 • Corning and Samsung Display extended their long-term LCD
display glass supply agreement through 2023. 
 

   

 
 • 
 The two companies’ strengthened their
technology collaborations on strategic product development and commercialization initiatives. 
 

   

 In connection with these agreements, in
the fourth quarter of 2013, Corning acquired the minority interests of three shareholders in Samsung Corning Precision
Materials for $506 million, which included payment for the transfer of non-operating assets and the pro-rata portion of cash
on Samsung Corning Precision Materials’ balance sheet at September 30, 2013. The resulting transfer of shares to
Corning increased Corning’s ownership percentage of Samsung Corning Precision Materials from 50% to 57%. Because this
transaction did not result in a change in control based on the governing articles of this entity, Corning did not consolidate
this entity as of December 31, 2013. The remaining transactions were completed on January 15, 2014, which increased
Corning’s ownership to 100% and will result in consolidation of the entity beginning in the first quarter of 2014.
Refer to Note 21 (Subsequent Events) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

   

 LCD glass manufacturing is a highly capital
intensive business. Important attributes for success include efficient manufacturing, access to capital, technology know-how, and
patents. As a result of these transactions, Corning expects to realize increased flexibility in glass-melting capabilities, which
will allow the company to re-evaluate the need for major capital expenditures for additional fusion glass manufacturing assets. 

   

 Corning has LCD glass manufacturing operations
in the United States, Japan, Taiwan and China. Samsung Corning Precision Materials has LCD glass manufacturing facilities in Korea.
Following completion of the transaction, Corning will be able to service all specialty glass customers in all regions directly,
utilizing its manufacturing facilities throughout Asia. 

   

 Patent protection and proprietary trade secrets
are important to this segment’s operations. Corning has a growing portfolio of patents relating to its products, technologies
and manufacturing processes. Corning licenses certain of its patents to Samsung Corning Precision Materials and other third parties
and generates royalty income from these licenses. Refer to the material under the heading “Patents and Trademarks”
for information relating to patents and trademarks. 

   

 The Display Technologies segment represented
32% of Corning’s sales in 2013. 

   

 Optical Communications Segment 

   

 Corning invented the world’s first
low-loss optical fiber in 1970. Since that milestone, we have continued to pioneer optical fiber, cable and connectivity solutions.
As global bandwidth demand driven by video usage grows exponentially, networks continue to migrate from copper to optical-based
systems that can deliver the required cost-effective bandwidth-carrying capacity. Our unrivaled experience puts us in a unique
position to design and deliver optical solutions that reach every edge of the communications network. 

   

 Because our Optical
Communications segment has recently evolved from being a manufacturer of optical fiber and cable, and hardware and equipment
to being a comprehensive provider of industry-leading optical solutions across the broader communications industry, we are
updating the name of the segment to Corning Optical Communications. This segment will be classified into two main product
groupings – carrier network and enterprise network. The carrier network product group consists primarily of products
and solutions for optical-based communications infrastructure for services such as video, data and voice communications.
The enterprise network product group consists primarily of optical-based communication networks of products and solutions
sold to businesses, governments and individuals for their own use. 

   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 2 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Our carrier network product portfolio begins
with optical fiber products, including Vascade ®  submarine optical fibers for use in submarine networks; LEAF ®  optical fiber
for long-haul, regional and metropolitan networks; SMF-28 ®  ULL fiber for more scalable long-haul and regional networks; SMF-28e+™
single-mode optical fiber that provides additional transmission wavelengths in metropolitan and access networks; and ClearCurve ® 
ultra-bendable single-mode fiber for use in multiple-dwelling units and fiber-to-the-home applications. In 2013, Corning announced
its latest single-mode optical fiber innovation, SMF-28 ®  Ultra fiber. Designed for high performance across the range of long-haul,
metro, access, and fiber-to-the-home network applications, it is the first to combine the benefits of industry-leading attenuation and improved macrobend
performance in one fiber. Our optical fiber is sold directly to end users or third-party cablers around the world. Corning’s
remaining fiber production is cabled internally and sold to end users as either bulk cable or as part of an integrated optical
solution. Corning’s cable products support various outdoor, indoor/outdoor and indoor applications and include a broad range
of loose tube, ribbon and drop cable designs with flame-retardant versions available for indoor and indoor/outdoor use. 

   

 In addition to optical fiber and cable,
our carrier network product portfolio also includes hardware and equipment products, including cable assemblies, fiber optic hardware,
fiber optic connectors, optical components and couplers, closures, network interface devices, and other accessories. These products
may be sold as individual components or as part of integrated optical connectivity solutions designed for various carrier network
applications. Examples of these solutions include our FlexNAP TM  terminal distribution system, which provides pre-connectorized
distribution and drop cable assemblies for cost-effectively deploying Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) networks; and the recently launched
Centrix TM  platform, which provides a high-density fiber management system with industry-leading density and innovative
jumper routing that can be deployed in a wide variety of carrier switching centers. 

   

 To keep pace with surging demand for mobile
bandwidth, the Corning Optical Network Evolution (ONE) wireless platform was launched in 2013. In addition to our full complement
of operator-grade distributed antenna systems (DAS), ONE™ is the first all-optical converged cellular and Wi-Fi ®  solution
built on an all-optical backbone with modular service support. The ONE wireless platform provides virtually unlimited bandwidth,
and meets all of the wireless service needs of large-scale enterprises at a lower cost than the typical DAS solution. 

   

 In addition to our optical-based portfolio,
Corning’s carrier network portfolio also contains select copper-based products including subscriber demarcation, connection
and protection devices, xDSL (different variations of digital subscriber lines) passive solutions and outside plant enclosures.
In addition, Corning offers coaxial RF interconnects for the cable television industry as well as for microwave applications for
GPS, radars, satellites, manned and unmanned military vehicles, and wireless and telecommunications systems. 

   

 Our enterprise network product portfolio
also includes optical fiber products, including ClearCurve ®  ultra-bendable multimode fiber for data centers and other enterprise
network applications; InfiniCor ®  fibers for local area networks; and more recently ClearCurve ®  VSDN ®  ultra-bendable
optical fiber designed to support emerging high-speed interconnects between computers and other consumer electronics devices. The
remainder of Corning’s fiber production is cabled internally and sold to end users as either bulk cable or as part of an
integrated optical solution. Corning’s cable products include a broad range of tight-buffered, loose tube and ribbon cable
designs with flame-retardant versions available for indoor and indoor/outdoor applications that meet local building code requirements. 

   

 Corning’s hardware and equipment products
for enterprise network applications include cable assemblies, fiber optic hardware, fiber optic connectors, optical components
and couplers, closures and other accessories. These products may be sold as individual components or as part of integrated optical
connectivity solutions designed for various network applications. Examples of enterprise network solutions include the Pretium
EDGE ®  platform, which provides high-density pre-connectorized solutions for data center applications, and continues to evolve
with recent updates for upgrading to 40/100G applications and port tap modules for network monitoring; the previously mentioned
ONE Wireless platform, which spans both carrier and enterprise network applications; and our recently introduced optical connectivity
solutions to support customer initiatives. 

   

 The Optical Communications segment also launched
Thunderbolt™ Optical Cables in 2013, the first all-optical fiber cables designed for consumer applications. These cables
allow users to effortlessly manage the demands of today’s high-bandwidth applications at up to 20 Gb/sec over longer distances.
The electrically isolated, noise-reducing cables are up to 50 percent thinner and 80 percent lighter than comparable copper cables
with substantially increased strength and flexibility. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 3 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Corning operates manufacturing facilities
worldwide. Our optical fiber manufacturing facilities are located in North Carolina, China and India. Cabling operations include
facilities in North Carolina, Germany, Poland, China and smaller regional locations and equity affiliates. Our manufacturing operations
for hardware and equipment products are located in North Carolina, Texas, Arizona, Mexico, Brazil, Denmark, Germany, Poland, Israel,
Australia and China. 

   

 Patent protection is important to the segment’s
operations. The segment has an extensive portfolio of patents relating to its products, technologies and manufacturing processes.
The segment licenses certain of its patents to third parties and generates revenue from these licenses, although the royalty income
is not currently material to this segment’s operating results. Corning is licensed to use certain patents owned by others,
which are considered important to the segment’s operations. Refer to the material under the heading “Patents and Trademarks”
for information relating to the Company’s patents and trademarks. 

   

 The Optical Communications segment represented
30% of Corning’s sales for 2013. 

   

 Environmental Technologies
Segment 

   

 Corning’s Environmental Technologies
segment manufactures ceramic substrates and filter products for emissions control in mobile and stationary applications around
the world. In the early 1970s, Corning developed an economical, high-performance cellular ceramic substrate that is now the standard
for catalytic converters in vehicles worldwide. As global emissions control regulations tighten, Corning has continued to develop
more effective and durable ceramic substrate and filter products for gasoline and diesel applications. Corning manufactures substrate
and filter products in New York, Virginia, China, Germany and South Africa. Corning sells its ceramic substrate and filter
products worldwide to catalyzers and manufacturers of emission control systems who then sell to automotive and diesel vehicle or
engine manufacturers. Although most sales are made to the emission control systems manufacturers, the use of Corning substrates
and filters is generally required by the specifications of the automotive and diesel vehicle or engine manufacturers. 

   

 Patent protection is important to the segment’s
operations. The segment has an extensive portfolio of patents relating to its products, technologies and manufacturing processes.
Corning is licensed to use certain patents owned by others, which are also considered important to the segment’s operations.
Refer to the material under the heading “Patents and Trademarks” for information relating to the Company’s patents
and trademarks. 

   

 The Environmental Technologies segment represented
12% of Corning’s sales for 2013. 

   

 Specialty Materials Segment 

   

 The Specialty Materials segment manufactures
products that provide more than 150 material formulations for glass, glass ceramics and fluoride crystals to meet demand for unique
customer needs. Consequently, this segment operates in a wide variety of commercial and industrial markets that include display
optics and components, semiconductor optics components, aerospace and defense, astronomy, ophthalmic products, telecommunications
components and cover glass that is optimized for portable display devices and televisions. 

   

 Our cover glass, known as Corning ®  Gorilla ® 
Glass, is a thin sheet glass designed specifically to function as a cover glass for display devices such as tablets, notebook PCs,
televisions and mobile phones. Elegant and lightweight, Corning Gorilla Glass is durable enough to resist many real-world events that commonly cause glass failure, enabling exciting new applications in technology and design. Early in 2012,
Corning launched Corning ®  Gorilla ®  Glass 2, the next generation in our Corning Gorilla Glass suite of products. Corning
Gorilla Glass 2 enables up to a 20% reduction in glass thickness, while maintaining the industry-leading damage resistance, toughness
and scratch-resistance. And in 2013, we introduced Corning ®  Gorilla ®  Glass 3 with Native Damage Resistance, our latest
version of our damage-resistant cover glass for consumer electronic devices, and Corning ®  Gorilla ®  Glass NBT™, designed
to help protect touch notebook displays from scratches and other forms of damage that come from everyday handling and use. Corning
Gorilla Glass is manufactured in Kentucky, Japan and Taiwan. 

   

 Semiconductor optics manufactured by Corning
includes high-performance optical material products, optical-based metrology instruments, and optical assemblies for applications
in the global semiconductor industry. Corning’s semiconductor optics products are manufactured in New York. 

   

 Other specialty glass products include glass
lens and window components and assemblies and are made in New York, New Hampshire, Kentucky and France or sourced from China. 

   


 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 4 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Patent protection is important to the segment’s
operations. The segment has a growing portfolio of patents relating to its products, technologies and manufacturing processes.
Brand recognition and loyalty, through well-known trademarks, are important to the segment. Refer to the material under the heading
“Patents and Trademarks” for information relating to the Company’s patents and trademarks. 

   

 The Specialty Materials segment represented
approximately 15% of Corning’s sales for 2013. 

   

 Life Sciences Segment 

   

 As a leading developer, manufacturer and
global supplier of scientific laboratory products for more than 95 years, Corning’s Life Sciences segment collaborates with
researchers seeking new approaches to increase efficiencies, reduce costs and compress timelines in the drug discovery process.
Using unique expertise in the fields of materials science, surface science, optics, biochemistry and biology, the segment provides
innovative solutions that improve productivity and enable breakthrough discoveries. 

   

 Life Sciences laboratory products include
general labware and equipment, as well as specialty surfaces, media and reagents, that are used for cell culture research, bioprocessing,
genomics, drug discovery, microbiology and chemistry. Corning sells life science products under these primary brands: Corning,
Falcon, PYREX, Axygen, and Gosselin. The products are marketed worldwide, primarily through distributors to pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies, academic institutions, hospitals, government entities, and other research facilities. Corning manufactures
these products in the United States in Maine, New York, New Jersey, California, Utah, Virginia, Massachusetts and North Carolina,
and outside of the U.S. in Mexico, France, Poland, and China. 

   

 In addition to being a global leader in consumable
glass and plastic laboratory tools for life science research, Corning continues to develop and produce unique technologies aimed
at simplifying customer lab processes, or “workflows”, through three key categories: 

   

 
 • Vessels – Corning ®  HYPER platform of vessels
for increased cell yields; Corning ®  Microcarriers for cell scale-up, therapy and vaccine applications; 
 

   

 
 • Surfaces
                                                                                                                   – Corning ®
                                                                                                                    CellBIND ®
                                                                                                                    Surface;
                                                                                                                   Corning ®
                                                                                                                    Matrigel ® ;
                                                                                                                   Corning ®
                                                                                                                    BioCoat TM ;
                                                                                                                   Corning Synthemax ®
                                                                                                                    II Surface; 
 

   

 
 • Media – Corning ®  stemgro ® 
 

   

 In addition, Corning continues to
advance its Corning ®  Epic ®  Technology for high-throughput screening with the
Corning ®  Epic ®  BT, bench top instrument. 

   

 Patent protection is important to the segment’s
operations. The segment has a growing portfolio of patents relating to its products, technologies and manufacturing processes.
Brand recognition and loyalty, through well-known trademarks, are important to the segment. Refer to the material under the heading
“Patents and Trademarks” for information relating to the Company’s patents and trademarks. 

   

 The Life Sciences segment represented approximately
11% of Corning’s sales for 2013. 

   

 All Other 

   

 All Other primarily includes development
projects and new product lines, certain corporate investments, Samsung Corning Precision Materials’ non-LCD business, Corning’s
Eurokera and Keraglass equity affiliates with Saint Gobain Vitrage S.A. of France, which manufacture smooth cooktop glass/ceramic
products, and Corsam, an equity affiliate established between Corning and Samsung Corning Precision Materials to provide glass
technology research. Development projects and new product lines involve the use of various technologies for new products such as
advanced flow reactors, thin-film photovoltaics and adjacency businesses in pursuit of thin, strong glass applications. 

   

 The Other segment represented less than 1%
of Corning’s sales for 2013. 

   

 Additional explanation regarding Corning
and its five reportable segments is presented in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and Note 20 (Reportable Segments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 


   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 5 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Corporate Investments 

   

 Corning and The Dow Chemical Company (Dow
Chemical) each own half of Dow Corning Corporation (Dow Corning), an equity company headquartered in Michigan that manufactures
silicone products worldwide. Dow Corning is a leader in silicon-based technology and innovation, offering more than 7,000 products
and services. Dow Corning is the majority-owner of Hemlock Semiconductor Group (Hemlock), a market leader in the production of
high purity polycrystalline silicon for the semiconductor and solar energy industries. Dow Corning’s sales were $5.7 billion
in 2013. Additional discussion about Dow Corning appears in the Legal Proceedings section. Dow Corning’s financial statements
are attached in Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

   

 Corning and PPG Industries, Inc. each own
half of Pittsburgh Corning Corporation (PCC), an equity company in Pennsylvania that manufactures glass products for architectural
and industrial uses. PCC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in April 2000. Corning also owns half of Pittsburgh Corning
Europe N.V. (PCE), a Belgian corporation that manufactures glass products for industrial uses primarily in Europe. Additional discussion
about PCC and PCE appears in the Legal Proceedings section. 

   

 Additional information about corporate investments
is presented in Note 7 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Competition 

   

 Corning competes across all of its product
lines with many large and varied manufacturers, both domestic and foreign. Some of these competitors are larger than Corning, and
some have broader product lines. Corning strives to sustain and improve its market position through technology and product innovation.
For the future, Corning believes its competitive advantage lies in its commitment to research and development, and its commitment
to quality. There is no assurance that Corning will be able to maintain or improve its market position or competitive advantage. 

   

 Display Technologies Segment 

   

 We believe Corning, including Samsung Corning
Precision Materials, is the largest worldwide producer of glass substrates for active matrix LCD displays. The environment for
LCD glass substrate products is very competitive and Corning believes it has sustained its competitive advantages by investing
in new products, providing a consistent and reliable supply, and using its proprietary fusion manufacturing process. This process
allows us to deliver glass that is larger, thinner and lighter, with exceptional surface quality and without heavy metals. Asahi
Glass, Nippon Electric Glass and Avan Strate, Inc. are Corning’s principal competitors in display glass substrates. 

   

 Optical Communications Segment 

   

 Competition within the communications equipment
industry is intense among several significant companies. Corning is a leading competitor in the segment’s principal product
groups, which include carrier network and enterprise network. The competitive landscape includes industry consolidation, price
pressure and competition for the innovation of new products. These competitive conditions are likely to persist. Corning believes
its large scale manufacturing experience, fiber process, technology leadership and intellectual property yield cost advantages
relative to several of its competitors. 

   

 The primary competing producers of carrier
network products are TE Connectivity, Prysmian Group, OFS (a Furukawa Company), Fujikura Ltd., Sumitomo Electric, YOFC, Futong
Group and 3M Company. 

   

 For enterprise network products, significant
competitors are CommScope, TE Connectivity, Panduit Corporation and a number of other smaller competitors. 

   

 Environmental Technologies Segment 

   

 For worldwide automotive ceramic substrate
products, Corning has a major market position that has remained relatively stable over the past year. Corning has also established
a strong presence in the heavy duty and light duty diesel vehicle market and believes its competitive advantage in automotive ceramic
substrate products for catalytic converters and diesel filter products for exhaust systems is based upon global presence, customer
service, engineering design services and product innovation. Corning’s Environmental Technologies products face principal
competition from NGK, Denso, and Ibiden. 

   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 6 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Specialty Materials Segment 

   

 Corning is one of very few manufacturers
with deep capabilities in materials science, optical design, shaping, coating, finishing, metrology, and system assembly. Additionally,
we are addressing emerging needs of the consumer electronics industry with the development of chemically strengthened glass. Corning
Gorilla Glass is a thin-sheet glass that is better able to survive events that most commonly cause glass failure. Its advanced
composition allows a deeper layer of chemical strengthening than is possible with most other chemically strengthened glasses, making
it both durable and damage resistant. Our products and capabilities in this segment position the Company to meet the needs of a
broad array of markets including display, semiconductor, aerospace/defense, astronomy, vision care, industrial/commercial, and
telecommunications. For this segment, Schott, Shin-Etsu Quartz Products, Asahi Glass, Carl Zeiss, Nikon, Nippon Electric Glass,
Transitions Optical, Oerlikon, Hoya and Heraeus are the main competitors. 

   

 Life Sciences Segment 

   

 Corning seeks to maintain a competitive advantage
by emphasizing product quality, product availability, supply chain efficiency, a wide product line and superior product attributes.
Our principle worldwide competitors include Greiner, Nunc, Kimble-Chase, Gibco and Duran. Corning also faces increasing competition
from two large distributors that have pursued backward integration or introduced private label products. 

   

 Raw Materials 

   

 Corning’s production of specialty glasses,
ceramics, and related materials requires significant quantities of energy, uninterrupted power sources, certain precious metals,
and various batch materials. 

   

 Although energy shortages have not been a
problem recently, the cost of energy remains volatile. Corning has achieved flexibility through engineering changes to take advantage
of low-cost energy sources in most significant processes. Specifically, many of Corning’s principal manufacturing processes
can be operated with natural gas, propane, oil or electricity, or a combination of these energy sources. 

   

 Availability of resources (ores,
minerals, polymers, helium and processed chemicals) required in manufacturing operations, appears to be adequate.
Corning’s suppliers, from time to time, may experience capacity limitations in their own operations, or may eliminate
certain product lines. Corning believes it has adequate programs to ensure a reliable supply of batch materials and precious
metals. For many products, Corning has alternate glass compositions that would allow operations to continue without
interruption in the event of specific materials shortages. 

   

 Certain key materials and proprietary equipment
used in the manufacturing of products are currently sole-sourced or available only from a limited number of suppliers. Any future
difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of components could result in lost sales due to delays or reductions in
product shipments, or reductions in Corning’s gross margins. 

   

 Patents and Trademarks 

   

 Inventions by members of Corning’s
research and engineering staff have been, and continue to be, important to the Company’s growth. Patents have been granted
on many of these inventions in the United States and other countries. Some of these patents have been licensed to other manufacturers,
including companies in which Corning has equity investments. Many of our earlier patents have now expired, but Corning continues
to seek and obtain patents protecting its innovations. In 2013, Corning was granted over 350 patents in the U.S. and over 700 patents
in countries outside the U.S. 

   

 Each business segment possesses a patent
portfolio that provides certain competitive advantages in protecting Corning’s innovations. Corning has historically enforced,
and will continue to enforce, its intellectual property rights. At the end of 2013, Corning and its wholly-owned subsidiaries owned
over 6,900 unexpired patents in various countries of which about 3,100 were U.S. patents. Between 2014 and 2015, approximately
4% of these patents will expire, while at the same time Corning intends to seek patents protecting its newer innovations. Worldwide,
Corning has over 8,000 patent applications in process, with about 2,000 in process in the U.S. Corning believes that its patent
portfolio will continue to provide a competitive advantage in protecting Corning’s innovation, although Corning’s competitors
in each of its businesses are actively seeking patent protection as well. 

   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 7 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The Display Technologies segment has over
900 patents in various countries, of which over 250 are U.S. patents. No one patent is considered material to this business segment.
Some of the important U.S.-issued patents in this segment include patents relating to glass compositions and methods for the use
and manufacture of glass substrates for display applications. There is no group of important Display Technologies segment patents
set to expire between 2014 and 2016. 

   

 The Optical Communications segment has over
2,400 patents in various countries, of which over 1,100 are U.S. patents. No one patent is considered material to this business
segment. Some of the important U.S.-issued patents in this segment include: (i) patents relating to optical fiber products including
low loss optical fiber, high data rate optical fiber, and dispersion compensating fiber, and processes and equipment for manufacturing
optical fiber, including methods for making optical fiber preforms and methods for drawing, cooling and winding optical fiber;
(ii) patents relating to optical fiber ribbons and methods for making such ribbon, fiber optic cable designs and methods for installing
optical fiber cable; (iii) patents relating to optical fiber connectors, termination and storage and associated methods of manufacture;
and (iv) patents related to distributed communication systems. There is no group of important Optical Communications segment patents
set to expire between 2014 and 2016. 

   

 The Environmental Technologies segment has
over 500 patents in various countries, of which over 250 are U.S. patents. No one patent is considered material to this business
segment. Some of the important U.S.-issued patents in this segment include patents relating to cellular ceramic honeycomb products,
together with ceramic batch and binder system compositions, honeycomb extrusion and firing processes, and honeycomb extrusion dies
and equipment for the high-volume, low-cost manufacture of such products. There is no group of important Environmental Technologies
segment patents set to expire between 2014 and 2016. 

   

 The Specialty Materials segment has about
600 patents in various countries, of which over 350 are U.S. patents. No one patent is considered material to this business segment.
Some of the important U.S.-issued patents in this segment include patents relating to protective cover glass, ophthalmic glasses
and polarizing dies, and semiconductor/microlithography optics and blanks, metrology instrumentation and laser/precision optics,
glass polarizers, specialty fiber, and refractories. There is no group of important Specialty Materials segment patents set to
expire between 2014 and 2016. 

   

 The Life Sciences segment has over 800 patents
in various countries, of which over 250 are U.S. patents. No one patent is considered material to this business segment. Some of
the important U.S.-issued patents in this segment include patents relating to methods and apparatus for the manufacture and use
of scientific laboratory equipment including multiwell plates and cell culture products, as well as equipment and processes for
label independent drug discovery. There is no group of important Life Sciences segment patents set to expire between 2014 and 2016. 

   

 Products reported in All Other include development
projects, new product lines, and other businesses or investments that do not meet the threshold for separate reporting. 

   

 Many of the Company’s patents are used
in operations or are licensed for use by others, and Corning is licensed to use patents owned by others. Corning has entered into
cross licensing arrangements with some major competitors, but the scope of such licenses has been limited to specific product areas
or technologies. 

   

 Corning’s principal trademarks include
the following: Axygen, Corning, Celcor, ClearCurve, DuraTrap, Eagle XG, Epic, Evolant, Gosselin, Gorilla, HPFS, Lanscape, Pretium,
Pyrex, Steuben, Falcon, SMF-28e, and Willow. 

   

 Protection of the Environment 

   

 Corning has a program to ensure that its
facilities are in compliance with state, federal and foreign pollution-control regulations. This program has resulted in capital
and operating expenditures each year. In order to maintain compliance with such regulations, capital expenditures for pollution
control in continuing operations were approximately $5 million in 2013 and are estimated to be $6 million in 2014. 

   

 Corning’s 2013 consolidated operating
results were charged with approximately $39 million for depreciation, maintenance, waste disposal and other operating expenses
associated with pollution control. Corning believes that its compliance program will not place it at a competitive disadvantage. 

   

 Employees 

   

 At December 31, 2013, Corning had approximately
30,400 full-time employees, including approximately 11,400 employees in the United States. From time to time, Corning also retains
consultants, independent contractors, temporary and part-time workers. Unions are certified as bargaining agents for approximately
23.8% of Corning’s United States employees. 

   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 8 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

   

 Wendell P. Weeks  Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President 

 Mr. Weeks joined Corning in 1983. He
was named vice president and general manager of the Optical Fiber business in 1996, senior vice president in 1997, senior
vice president of Opto-Electronics in 1998, executive vice president in 1999, and president, Corning Optical Communications
in 2001. Mr. Weeks was named president and chief operating officer of Corning in 2002, president and chief executive officer
in 2005 and chairman and chief executive officer on April 26, 2007. He added the title of president in December 2010. Mr.
Weeks is a director of Merck & Co. Inc. Mr. Weeks has been a member of Corning’s Board of Directors since 2000. Age
54. 

   

 James B. Flaws  Vice Chairman and
Chief Financial Officer 

 Mr. Flaws joined Corning in 1973 and
served in a variety of controller and business management positions. Mr. Flaws was elected assistant treasurer of Corning in
1993, vice president and controller in 1997, vice president of finance and treasurer in May 1997, senior vice president and
chief financial officer in December 1997, executive vice president and chief financial officer in 1999 and to his current
position in 2002. Mr. Flaws is a director of Dow Corning Corporation. Mr. Flaws has been a member of Corning’s Board of
Directors since 2000. Age 65. 

   

 Kirk P. Gregg  Executive Vice
President and Chief Administrative Officer 

 Mr. Gregg joined Corning in 1993 as
director of Executive Compensation. He was named vice president of Executive Resources and Employee Benefits in 1994, senior
vice president, Administration in December 1997 and to his current position in 2002. He is responsible for Human Resources,
Information Technology, Procurement and Transportation, Aviation, Community Affairs, Government Affairs, Business Services
and Corporate Security. Prior to joining Corning, Mr. Gregg was with General Dynamics Corporation as corporate director, Key
Management Programs, and was responsible for executive compensation and benefits, executive development and recruiting. Age
54. 

   

 Lawrence D. McRae  Executive Vice
President, Strategy and Corporate Development 

 Mr. McRae joined Corning in 1985 and served
in various financial, sales and marketing positions. He was elected vice president Corporate Development in 2000, senior vice president
Corporate Development in 2003, and senior vice president Strategy and Corporate Development in October 2005. He was elected to
his present position in October 2010. Mr. McRae is on the board of directors of Dow Corning Corporation, and Samsung Corning Precision
Materials Co., Ltd. Age 55. 

   

 David L. Morse  Executive Vice
President and Chief Technology Officer 

 Dr. Morse joined Corning in 1976 in
glass research, and worked as a composition scientist in developing and patenting several major products. He served in a
variety of product and materials research and technology director roles, and was appointed division vice president and
technology director for photonic technology groups beginning in March 1999, and became director of corporate research,
science and technology in December 2001. He was elected vice president in January 2003, becoming senior vice president and
director of corporate research in 2006. Dr. Morse was elected to his current position in May 2012. He is on the board of Dow
Corning Corporation and a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Chemistry Board. Age 61. 

   

 Jeffrey W. Evenson  Senior Vice
President and Operations Chief of Staff 

 Dr. Evenson joined Corning in June 2011
and was elected to his current position at that time. He serves on the Management Committee and oversees a variety of
strategic programs and growth initiatives. Prior to joining Corning, Dr. Evenson was a senior vice president with Sanford C.
Bernstein, where he served as a senior analyst since 2004. Before that, Dr. Evenson was a partner at McKinsey & Company,
where he led technology and market assessment for early-stage technologies. Age 48. 

   

 R. Tony Tripeny  Senior Vice President,
Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 

 Mr. Tripeny joined Corning in 1985 as
the corporate accounting manager of Corning Cable Systems, and became the Keller facility’s plant controller in 1989.
In 1993, he was appointed equipment division controller of Corning Cable Systems and, in 1996 corporate controller.
Mr. Tripeny was appointed chief financial officer of Corning Cable Systems in July 2000. In 2003, he took on the additional
role of Telecommunications group controller. He was appointed division vice president, operations controller in August 2004,
and vice president, corporate controller in October 2005. Mr. Tripeny was elected to his current position in April 2009. He
is on the board of directors of Hardinge Inc. Age 54. 

   

 Lewis A. Steverson  Senior Vice
President and General Counsel 

 Mr. Steverson joined Corning in June
2013 as Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Prior to joining Corning, Mr. Steverson served as senior vice president,
general counsel, and secretary of Motorola Solutions, Inc. During his 18 years with Motorola, he held a variety of legal
leadership roles across the company’s numerous business units. Prior to Motorola, Mr. Steverson was in private practice
at the law firm of Arnold & Porter. Age 50. 

   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 9 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Document Availability 

   

 A copy of Corning’s 2013 Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is available upon written request to Ms. Linda E.
Jolly, Corporate Secretary, Corning Incorporated, HQ-E2-10, Corning, NY 14831. The Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of
1934 and other filings are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or
furnished to the SEC, and can be accessed electronically free of charge, through the Investor Relations line on
Corning’s web site at  www.corning.com . The information contained on the Company’s website is not included
in, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Other 

   

 Additional information in response to Item
1 is found in Note 20 (Reportable Segments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements and in Item 6 (Selected Financial Data). 

   

 
 ITEM
1A Risk Factors 
 

   

 We operate in rapidly changing economic and
technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict.
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
The following discussion of “risk factors” identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business,
operations, financial position or future financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with MD&A and
the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this report. The following discussion of
risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider, as these factors could
cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends. 

   

 As a multinational company, we face many
risks which could adversely impact our ongoing operations and reported financial results 

   

 We operate in over 100 countries and derive
a substantial portion of our revenues from, and have significant operations, outside of the United States. Our international operations
include manufacturing, assembly, sales, customer support, and shared administrative service centers. 

   

 Compliance with laws and regulations
increases our cost of doing business. These laws and regulations include U.S. laws and local laws which include data privacy
requirements, employment and labor laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, prohibitions on payments to governmental
officials, import and trade restrictions and export requirements. Non-compliance and violations could result in fines,
criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such
violations could result in prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and could
also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain
employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and
manage these difficulties. 

   



 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 10 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 We are also subject to a variety of other
risks in managing a multinational global organization, including those related to: 

   

 
 
     • 
     General economic conditions in each country or region; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Many complex regulatory requirements affecting international trade and investment, including anti-dumping laws, export controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local laws prohibiting improper payments. Our operations may be adversely affected by changes in the substance or enforcement of these regulatory requirements, and by actual or alleged violations of them; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, convertibility of currencies and restrictions involving the movement of funds between jurisdictions and countries;  
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Sovereign risks may adversely affect Corning’s profitability and assets; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Geographical concentration of our factories and operations and regional shifts in our customer base; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Periodic health epidemic concerns; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Political unrest, confiscation or expropriation of our assets by foreign governments, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities;  
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Difficulty in protecting intellectual property or sensitive commercial and operations data or information technology systems generally; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Differing legal systems, including protection and treatment of intellectual property and patents; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Complex tax regimes, tariffs, trade duties and other trade barriers including anti-dumping duties; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Difficulty in collecting obligations owed to us such as accounts receivable; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes and windstorms; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Potential power loss or disruption affecting manufacturing. 
 
   

 Our sales could be negatively impacted
by the actions or circumstances of one or more key customers leading to the substantial reduction in orders for our products 

   

 In 2013, Corning’s ten largest customers
accounted for 50% of our sales. 

   

 In addition, a relatively small number of
customers accounted for a high percentage of net sales in our reportable segments. For 2013, four customers of the Display Technologies
segment accounted for 94% of total segment net sales when combined. In the Optical Communications segment, one customer accounted
for 10% of segment net sales. In the Environmental Technologies segment, three customers accounted for 87% of total segment sales
in aggregate. In the Specialty Materials segment, three customers accounted for 47% of segment sales in 2013. In the Life Sciences
segment, two customers accounted for 44% of segment sales in 2013. As a result of mergers and consolidations between customers,
Corning’s customer base could become more concentrated. 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials’
sales were also concentrated in 2013, with sales to two LCD panel makers located in South Korea accounting for approximately 92%
of total Samsung Corning Precision Materials sales. 

   

 Our Optical Communications segment customers’
purchases of our products are affected by their capital expansion plans, general market and economic uncertainty and regulatory
changes, including broadband policy. Sales in the Optical Communications segment are expected to be impacted by the pace of fiber-to-the-premises
deployments. Our sales will be dependent on planned targets for homes passed and connected. Changes in our customers’ deployment
plans could adversely affect future sales. 

   

 In the Environmental Technologies segment,
sales of our ceramic substrate and filter products for automotive and diesel emissions tend to fluctuate with vehicle production.
Changes in laws and regulations for air quality and emission controls may also influence future sales. Sales in our Environmental
Technologies segment are mainly to three catalyzers and emission system control manufacturers. Our customers sell these systems
to automobile and diesel engine original equipment manufacturers. Sales in this segment may be affected by adverse developments
in the global vehicle or freight hauling industries or by such factors as higher fuel prices that may affect vehicle sales or downturns
in freight traffic. 

   

 Certain sales in our Specialty Materials
segment track worldwide economic cycles and our customers’ responses to those cycles. In addition, any positive trends in
prior years in the sales of strengthened glass may not continue. We may experience losses relating to our inability to supply contracted
quantities of this glass and processes planned to produce new versions of this glass may not be successful. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     11 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Sales in our Life Sciences segment are concentrated
with two large distributors who are also competitors, and the balance is to a variety of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies,
hospitals, universities, and other research facilities. In 2013, our two largest distributors accounted for 44% of Life Sciences’
segment sales. Changes in our distribution arrangements in this segment may adversely affect this segment’s financial results. 

   

 Our operations and financial performance
could be negatively impacted, if the markets for our products do not develop and expand as we anticipate 

   

 The markets for our products are characterized
by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry or regulatory standards and new product introductions. Our success is dependent
on the successful introduction of new products, or upgrades of current products, and our ability to compete with new technologies.
The following factors related to our products and markets, if they do not continue as in the recent past, could have an adverse
impact on our operations: 

   

 
 
     • 
     our ability to introduce advantaged products such as glass substrates for liquid crystal displays, optical fiber and cable and hardware and equipment, and environmental substrate and filter products at competitive prices; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     our ability to manufacture glass substrates and strengthened glass, to satisfy our customers technical requirements and our contractual obligations; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     our ability to develop new products in response to government regulations and laws. 
 
   

 We face pricing pressures in each of our
businesses that could adversely affect our financial performance 

   

 We face pricing pressure in each of our businesses
as a result of intense competition, emerging technologies, or over-capacity. While we work consistently toward reducing our costs
to offset pricing pressures, we may not be able to achieve proportionate reductions in costs or sustain our current rate of cost
reduction. We anticipate pricing pressures will continue in the future in all our businesses. 

   

 Any of these items could cause our sales,
profitability and cash flows to be significantly reduced. 

   

 We face risks due to foreign currency
fluctuations 

   

 Because we have significant customers and
operations outside the U.S., fluctuations in foreign currencies, especially the Japanese yen, New Taiwan dollar, Korean won, and
Euro, affect our sales, profit and cash flows. Foreign exchange rates may make our products less competitive in countries where
local currencies decline in value relative to the U.S. dollar and Japanese yen. Sales in our Display Technologies segment, representing
32% of Corning’s sales in 2013, are denominated in Japanese yen. If sales grow in our Display Technologies segment, our exposure
to currency fluctuations will increase. Corning hedges significant transaction and balance sheet currency exposures and uses derivative
instruments to limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities as well
as operating results. Although we selectively hedge these items, changes in exchange rates (especially the Japanese yen to U.S.
dollar) will significantly impact our reported revenues and profits. 

   

 A large portion of our consolidated operations
are international and we expect that we will continue to realize gains or losses with respect to our foreign currency exposures,
net of gains or losses from our hedging programs. For example, we will experience foreign currency gains and losses in certain
instances if it is not possible or cost effective to hedge our foreign currency exposures or should we elect not to hedge certain
of our foreign currency exposures. We have a program which primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the
risks associated with foreign currency exposures. As a part of this program, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts so
that increases or decreases in the value of our foreign currency exposures are at least partially offset by gains or losses on
the foreign currency forward contracts in order to mitigate the volatility associated with our foreign currency transactions. We
are exposed to potential losses in the event of non-performance by our counterparties to these derivative contracts. However, we
minimize this risk by limiting the counterparties to a diverse group of highly-rated major international financial institutions
with which we have other financial relationships. We do not expect to record any losses as a result of such counterparty default.
Neither we nor our counterparties are required to post collateral for these financial instruments. Our ultimate realized loss or
gain with respect to currency fluctuations will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency exposures that we enter
into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, whether we have entered into foreign
currency forward contracts to offset these exposures and other factors. All of these factors could materially impact our results
of operations, anticipated future results, financial position and cash flows, the timing of which is variable and generally outside
of our control. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     12 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 If the financial condition of our customers
declines, our credit risks could increase 

   

 Although we have a rigorous process to administer
credit and believe our bad debt reserve is adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result
of our inability to collect our accounts receivable. If our customers or our indirect customers fail to meet their payment obligations
for our products, we could experience reduced cash flows and losses in excess of amounts reserved. Many customers of our Display
Technologies and Specialty Materials segments are thinly capitalized and/or unprofitable. In our Environmental Technologies segment,
the U.S. auto makers and certain of their suppliers have encountered credit downgrades or have filed for bankruptcy protection.
In our Optical Communications segment, certain large infrastructure projects are subject to governmental funding, which, if terminated,
could adversely impact the financial strength of our customers. These factors may result in an inability to collect receivables
or a possible loss in business. 

   

 The success of our business depends on
our ability to develop and produce advantaged products that meet our customers’ needs 

   

 Our business relies on continued global demand
for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our customers, OEMs and
distributors. This is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships,
our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers. The manufacturing of
our products involves complex and precise processes. In some cases, existing manufacturing may be insufficient to achieve the requirements
of our customers. We will need to develop new manufacturing processes and techniques to maintain profitable operations. While we
continue to fund projects to improve our manufacturing techniques and processes and lower our costs, we may not achieve satisfactory
manufacturing costs that will fully enable us to meet our profitability targets. 

   

 In addition, our continued success in selling
products that appeal to our customers is dependent on our ability to innovate, with respect to both products and operations, and
on the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. Failure to continue to deliver quality and competitive
products to the marketplace, to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, to supply products that meet applicable regulatory
requirements or to predict market demands for, or gain market acceptance of, our products, could have a negative impact on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 Our future financial performance depends
on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, precious metals, parts, and manufacturing equipment to meet the demands
of our customers 

   

 Our ability to meet customer demand depends,
in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of materials, precious metals, parts and components from our suppliers.
We may experience shortages that could adversely affect our operations. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid shortages,
there can be no assurances that we will not encounter problems in the future. Furthermore, certain manufacturing equipment, raw
materials or components are available only from a single source or limited sources. We may not be able to find alternate sources
in a timely manner. A reduction, interruption or delay of supply, or a significant increase in the price for supplies, such as
manufacturing equipment, precious metals, raw materials or energy, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 

   

 We have incurred, and may in the future
incur, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges 

   

 At December 31, 2013, Corning had goodwill
and other intangible assets of $1,542 million. While we believe the estimates and judgments about future cash flows used in the
goodwill impairment tests are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that future impairment charges will not be required if the
expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic recession occurs and continues
for a lengthy period or becomes severe, or if acquisitions and investments made by the Company fail to achieve expected returns. 

   

 If our products, including materials purchased
from our suppliers, experience performance issues, our business will suffer 

   

 Our business depends on the production of
products of consistently high quality. Our products, components and materials purchased from our suppliers, are typically tested
for quality. These testing procedures are limited to evaluating our products under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. For
various reasons, our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers, may fail to perform as a customer expected. In
some cases, product redesigns or additional expense may be required to address such issues. A significant or systemic quality issue
could result in customer relations problems, lost sales, reduced volumes, product recalls and financial damages and penalties. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     13 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 We operate in a highly competitive environment 

   

 We operate in a highly competitive environment,
and our outlook depends on the company’s share of industry sales based on our ability to compete with others in the marketplace.
The Company competes on the basis of product attributes, customer service, quality and price. There can be no assurance that our
products will be able to compete successfully with other companies’ products. Our share of industry sales could be reduced
due to aggressive pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing difficulties, our
failure to price our products competitively, our failure to produce our products at a competitive cost or unexpected, emerging
technologies or products. We expect that we will face continuous competition from existing competitors, low cost manufacturers
and new entrants. We believe we must invest in research and development, engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities,
and continue to improve customer service in order to remain competitive. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain
or improve our competitive position. 

   

 We may need to change our pricing models
to compete successfully 

   

 We face intense competition in all of our
businesses, particularly LCD glass, and general economic and business conditions can put pressure on us to change our prices. If
our competitors offer significant discounts on certain products or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable,
we may need to lower prices or offer other favorable terms in order to retain our customers and market positions. Any such changes
may reduce our profitability and cash flow. Any broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could cause our revenues
to decline or be delayed as we implement and our customers adjust to the new pricing policies. If we do not adapt our pricing models
to reflect changes in customer use of our products or changes in customer demand, our revenues could decrease. 

   

 LCD glass generates a significant amount
of the Company’s profits and cash flow, and any events that adversely affect the market for LCD glass substrates could have
a material and negative impact on our financial results 

   

 Corning’s ability to generate profits
and operating cash flow depends largely upon the level of profitability of our LCD glass business. As a result, any event that
adversely affects our Display business could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial results. These events could
include loss of patent protection, increased costs associated with manufacturing, and increased competition from the introduction
of new, and more desirable products. If any of these events had a material adverse effect on the sales of our LCD glass, such an
event could result in material charges and a significant reduction in profitability. 

   

 Additionally, emerging material technologies
could replace our glass substrates for certain applications, including display glass, cover glass and others, resulting in a decline
in demand for our products. Existing or new production capacity for glass substrates may exceed the demand for them. Technologies
for displays, cover glass and other applications in competition with our glass may reduce or eliminate the need for our glass substrates.
New process technologies developed by our competitors may also place us at a cost or quality disadvantage. Our own process technologies
may be acquired or used unlawfully by others, enabling them to compete with us. Our inability to manufacture glass substrates to
the specifications required by our customers may result in loss of revenue, margins and profits or liabilities for failure to supply.
A scarcity of resources, limitations on technology, personnel or other factors resulting in a failure to produce commercial quantities
of glass substrates could have adverse financial consequences to us. 

   

 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax
liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations 

   

 Our effective tax rate could be adversely
impacted by several factors, including: 

   

 
 
     • 
     changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     changes in tax treaties and regulations or the interpretation of them; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     changes to our assessments about the realizability of our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic environments in which we do business; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     changes in generally accepted accounting principles that affect the accounting for taxes; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 
 
   

 In the ordinary course of our business,
there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is required
in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination
could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     14 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 We may have additional tax liabilities 

   

 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S.
and many foreign jurisdictions and are commonly audited by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable,
the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions
and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods
for which that determination is made. 

   

 A significant amount of our net profits and
cash flows are generated from outside the U.S., and certain repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result
in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been proposals to change U.S. tax laws that could significantly
impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form proposed
legislation may pass, if enacted certain anti-deferral proposals could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash
flow. 

   

 Our business depends on our ability to
attract and retain talented employees 

   

 The loss of the services of any of our key
research and development, engineering or operational personnel or senior management without adequate replacement, or the inability
to attract new qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. 

   

 We are subject to strict environmental
regulations and regulatory changes that could result in fines or restrictions that interrupt our operations 

   

 Various stages in some of our manufacturing
processes generate chemical waste, waste water, other industrial waste or greenhouse gases, and we are subject to numerous laws
and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of such substances. We have installed anti-pollution equipment
for the treatment of chemical waste and waste water at our facilities. We have taken steps to control the amount of greenhouse
gases created by our manufacturing operations. However, we cannot provide assurance that environmental claims will not be brought
against us or that government regulators will not take steps toward adopting more stringent environment standards. 

   

 Any failure on our part to comply with any
present or future environmental regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, or the
suspension/cessation of production or operations. In addition, environmental regulations could require us to acquire costly equipment,
incur other significant compliance expenses or limit or restrict production or operations and thus materially and negatively affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Changes in regulations and the regulatory
environment in the U.S. and other countries, such as those resulting from the regulation and impact of global warming and CO 2
 abatement, may affect our businesses and their results in adverse ways by, among other things, substantially increasing
manufacturing costs, limiting availability of scarce resources, especially energy, or requiring limitations on production and
sale of our products or those of our customers. 

   

 We may experience difficulties in enforcing
our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others 

   

 We rely on patent and trade secret laws,
copyright, trademark, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights.
Despite our efforts, these protections may be limited and we may encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property
rights or obtaining rights to additional intellectual property necessary to permit us to continue or expand our businesses. We
cannot provide assurance that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors.
Changes in or enforcement of laws concerning intellectual property, worldwide, may affect our ability to prevent or address the
misappropriation of, or the unauthorized use of, our intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and the outcome is often unpredictable. Other companies hold patents on technologies
used in our industries and are aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios. If we cannot protect
our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     15 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The intellectual property rights of others
could inhibit our ability to introduce new products. We periodically receive notices from, or have lawsuits filed against us by
third parties claiming infringement, misappropriation or other misuse of their intellectual property rights and/or breach of our
agreements with them. These third parties often include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute
products or that acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual property
through asserting claims of infringement and misuse. Such claims of infringement or misappropriation may result in loss of revenue,
substantial costs, or lead to monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. We cannot provide assurance as to the outcome of
any such claims. 

   

 Current or future litigation may harm
our financial condition or results of operations 

   

 As described in Legal Proceedings in this
Form 10-K, we are engaged in litigation and regulatory matters. Litigation and regulatory proceedings may be uncertain, and adverse
rulings could occur, resulting in significant liabilities, penalties or damages. Such current or future substantial legal liabilities
or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 

   

 We may not capture significant revenues
from our current research and development efforts for several years, if at all 

   

 Developing our products through research
and development is expensive and the investment often involves a long return on investment cycle. We have made and expect to continue
to make significant investments in research and development and related product opportunities. Accelerated product introductions
and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development that could adversely affect our
operating results if not offset by increases in our gross margin. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount
of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. 

   

 Business disruptions could affect our
operating results 

   

 A significant portion of our manufacturing,
research and development activities and certain other critical business operations are concentrated in a few geographic areas.
A major earthquake, fire or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical facilities
could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future financial results could be
materially and adversely affected. 

   

 Additionally, a significant amount of the
specialized manufacturing capacity for our Display Technologies segment is concentrated in three overseas countries and it is reasonably
possible that the operations of one or more such facilities could be disrupted. Due to the specialized nature of the assets and
the customers’ locations, it may not be possible to find replacement capacity quickly or substitute production from facilities
in other countries. Accordingly, loss of these facilities could produce a near-term severe impact on our Display business and the
Company as a whole. 

   

 We face risks through equity affiliates
that we do not control 

   

 Corning’s net income includes equity
earnings from affiliated companies. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we recognized $547 million of equity earnings, of which
approximately 94% came from our two largest investments: Dow Corning (which makes silicone and high purity polycrystalline products)
and Samsung Corning Precision Materials (which primarily makes LCD glass). In January 2014, Corning completed a series of transactions
which resulted in the Company obtaining 100% ownership of Samsung Corning Precision Materials, which will result in control of
the entity beginning in the first quarter of 2014. 

   

 Our equity investments may not continue to
perform at the same levels as in recent years. Dow Corning emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2004 and has certain obligations
under its Plan of Reorganization to resolve and fund claims of its creditors and personal injury claimants. Dow Corning may incur
further bankruptcy charges in the future, which may adversely affect its operations or assets. Dow Corning also could be adversely
impacted by a continuation of significant price declines at their consolidated subsidiary, Hemlock Semiconductor Group. In addition,
we rely on the internal controls and financial reporting controls of these entities and their failure to maintain effectiveness
or comply with applicable standards may adversely affect us. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     16 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 We may not have adequate insurance coverage
for claims against us 

   

 We face the risk of loss resulting from product
liability, asbestos, securities, fiduciary liability, intellectual property, antitrust, contractual, warranty, environmental, fraud
and other lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. In addition, our product liability, fiduciary, directors and officers,
property policies including business interruption, natural catastrophe and comprehensive general liability insurance may not be
adequate to cover such claims or may not be available to the extent we expect in the future. A successful claim that exceeds or
is not covered by our policies could require us to make substantial unplanned payments. Some of the carriers in our historical
primary and excess insurance programs are in liquidation and may not be able to respond if we should have claims reaching their
policies. The financial health of other insurers may deteriorate. Several of our insurance carriers are litigating with us the
extent, if any, of their obligation to provide insurance coverage for asbestos liabilities asserted against us. The results of
that litigation may adversely affect our insurance coverage for those risks. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate
insurance coverage for certain types of risk such as political risks, terrorism or war. 

   

 Our global operations are subject to extensive
trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations 

   

 Due to the international scope of our operations,
we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including U.S. regulations issued by Customs
and Border Protection, the Bureau of Industry and Security, the Office of Antiboycott Compliance, the Directorate of Defense Trade
Controls and the Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged
or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability
to import or export our products or to provide services outside the United States. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect
of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered
or interpreted. 

   

 In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making
improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of
obtaining or retaining business, or obtaining an unfair advantage. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the
global enforcement of anti-corruption laws. Our continued operation and expansion outside the United States, including in
developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or
civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of
operations or financial condition. 

   

 Moreover, several of our equity affiliates
and related partners are domiciled in areas of the world with laws, rules and business practices that differ from those in the
United States. Although we strive to select equity partners and affiliates who share our values and understand our reporting requirements
as a U.S.-domiciled company and to ensure that an appropriate business culture exists within these ventures to minimize and mitigate
our risk, we nonetheless face the reputational and legal risk that our equity partners and affiliates may violate applicable laws,
rules and business practices. 

   

 Acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic
alliances may have an adverse effect on our business 

   

 We expect to continue making acquisitions
and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our business strategy. These transactions involve significant
challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we do not realize a satisfactory
return on our investment, or that we experience difficulty integrating new employees, business systems, and technology, or diversion
of management’s attention from our other businesses. It may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits, such
as increased revenue and cash flow, enhanced efficiencies, or market share, or those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated,
or may not be realized. These events could harm our operating results or financial condition. 

   

 Improper disclosure of personal data could
result in liability and harm our reputation 

   

 We store and process personally-identifiable
information of our employees and, in some case, our customers. At the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile data
breaches provides evidence of the increasingly hostile information security environment. This environment demands that we continuously
improve our design and coordination of security controls across our business groups and geographies. Despite these efforts, it
is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other practices
we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. Improper disclosure of this information
could harm our reputation or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss
of revenue. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     17 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Significant macroeconomic events, changes
in regulations, or a crisis in the financial markets could limit our access to capital 

   

 We utilize credit in both the capital markets
and from banks to facilitate company borrowings, hedging transactions, leases and other financial transactions. We maintain a $1
billion revolving credit agreement to fund potential liquidity needs and to backstop certain transactions. An adverse macroeconomic
event or changes in bank regulations could limit our ability to gain access to credit or to renew the revolving credit agreement
upon expiration. Additionally, a financial markets crisis may limit our ability to access liquidity. 

   

 Adverse economic conditions may adversely
affect our cash investments 

   

 We maintain an investment portfolio of various
types of securities with varying maturities and credit quality. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market,
and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that have affected global financial markets. We also make significant
investments in U.S. government securities, either directly, or through investment in money market funds. If global credit and equity
markets experience prolonged periods of decline, or if the U.S. defaults on its debt obligations or its debt is downgraded, our
investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary
decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely impact our financial results. 

   

 Information technology dependency and
security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, liability claims, or competitive harm 

   

 The Company is increasingly dependent on
sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. Any significant breakdown, intrusion, interruption or corruption of these
systems or data breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

   

 We use electronic information technology
(IT) in our manufacturing processes and operations and other aspects of our business. Despite our implementation of security measures,
our IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attack and other
similar disruptions. A material breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our intellectual property or
trade secrets. Such disruptions or security breaches could result in the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual
property and/or confidential business information, harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research
and development and other strategic initiatives, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Like other global companies, we have,
from time to time, experienced incidents related to our IT systems, and expect that such incidents will continue, including malware
and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions. We have measures and defenses in place against
unauthorized access, but we may not be able to prevent, immediately detect, or remediate such events. 

   

 Additionally, utilities and other operators
of critical energy infrastructure that serve our facilities face heightened security risks, including cyber attacks. In the event
of such an attack, disruption in service from our utility providers could disrupt our manufacturing operations which rely on a
continuous source of power (electrical, gas, etc.). 

   

 International trade policies may impact
demand for our products and our competitive position 

   

 Government policies on international trade
and investment such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs, whether adopted by individual governments or addressed by regional
trade blocs, can affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us
(including our equity affiliates/joint ventures) from being able to sell products in certain countries. The implementation of more
restrictive trade policies, such as higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, in countries in which we sell large quantities of
products and services could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, a government’s
adoption of “buy national” policies or retaliation by another government against such policies could have a negative
impact on our results of operations. These policies also affect our equity companies. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    1B 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
   

 None. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     18 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 
 
     ITEM
    2 
     Properties 
 
   

 We operate approximately 70 manufacturing
plants and processing facilities, of which approximately 40% are located in the U.S. We own substantially all of our executive
and corporate buildings, which are located in Corning, New York. We also own approximately 99% of our research and development
facilities and the majority of our manufacturing facilities. We own approximately 67% of our sales and administrative facilities,
while the remaining facilities are leased. 

   

 For the years ended 2013, 2012 and 2011
we invested a total of $5.3 billion, primarily in facilities outside of the U.S. in our Display Technologies segment. Of the $1.0
billion spent in 2013, over $500 million were for facilities outside the U.S. 

   

 Manufacturing, sales and administrative,
and research and development facilities have an aggregate floor space of approximately 26 million square feet. Distribution of
this total area follows: 

   

 
 
     (million square feet)   
     Total   
     Domestic   
     Foreign 
 
     Manufacturing   
     19.5   
     7.2   
     12.3 
 
     Sales and administrative   
     2.1   
     1.7   
     0.4 
 
     Research and development   
     2.3   
     2.0   
     0.3 
 
     Warehouse   
     2.2   
     1.6   
     0.6 
 
     Total   
     26.1   
     12.5   
     13.6 
 

   

 Total assets and capital expenditures by
operating segment are included in Note 20 (Reportable Segments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Information concerning
lease commitments is included in Note 14 (Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    3 
     Legal Proceedings 
 
   

 Dow Corning Corporation.  Corning
and The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) each own 50% of the common stock of Dow Corning Corporation (“Dow Corning”). 

   

 Dow Corning Breast Implant Litigation 

   

 In May 1995, Dow Corning filed for bankruptcy
protection to address pending and claimed liabilities arising from many thousands of breast implant product lawsuits. On June
1, 2004, Dow Corning emerged from Chapter 11 with a Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) which provided for the settlement
or other resolution of implant claims. The Plan also includes releases for Corning and Dow as shareholders in exchange for contributions
to the Plan. 

   

 Under the terms of the Plan, Dow Corning
has established and is funding a Settlement Trust and a Litigation Facility to provide a means for tort claimants to settle or
litigate their claims. Inclusive of insurance, Dow Corning has paid approximately $1.8 billion to the Settlement Trust. As of
December 31, 2013, Dow Corning had recorded a reserve for breast implant litigation of $1.6 billion. 

   

 Other Dow Corning Claims Arising From
Bankruptcy Proceedings 

   

 As a separate matter arising from the bankruptcy
proceedings, Dow Corning is defending claims asserted by a number of commercial creditors who claim additional interest at default
rates and enforcement costs, during the period from May 1995 through June 2004. As of December 31, 2013, Dow Corning has estimated
the liability to commercial creditors to be within the range of $94 million to $309 million. As Dow Corning management believes
no single amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range, Dow Corning has recorded
the minimum liability within the range. Should Dow Corning not prevail in this matter, Corning’s equity earnings would be
reduced by its 50% share of the amount in excess of $94 million, net of applicable tax benefits. There are a number of other claims
in the bankruptcy proceedings against Dow Corning awaiting resolution by the U.S. District Court, and it is reasonably possible
that Dow Corning may record bankruptcy-related charges in the future. The remaining tort claims against Dow Corning are expected
to be channeled by the Plan into facilities established by the Plan or otherwise defended by the Litigation Facility. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     19 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 Dow Corning Chinese Anti-Dumping Case 

   

 On July 20, 2012, the Chinese Ministry
of Commerce (“MOFCOM”) initiated anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations of imports of solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon products from the U.S. and Korea, based on a petition filed by Chinese solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon producers. The petition alleged that producers within these countries, including a consolidated
subsidiary of Dow Corning, exported solar-grade polycrystalline silicon to China at less than normal value, and that
production of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon in the U.S. has been subsidized by the U.S. government. On July 18, 2013,
MOFCOM announced its preliminary determination that China’s solar-grade polycrystalline silicon industry suffered
material damage because of dumping by producers in the U.S. and Korea. The Chinese authorities imposed provisional
antidumping duties on producers in the U.S. and Korea ranging from 2.4% to 57.0%, including duties of 53.3% on future imports
of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon product from the Dow Corning subsidiary into China. On September 16, 2013, the Chinese
authorities imposed provisional countervailing duties of 6.5%. On January 20, 2014, MOFCOM issued a final determination. The
final determination resulted in no change to the antidumping duties; however, the countervailing duties were reduced to 2.1%.
The requirement for customers to pay provisional duties on imports from solar-grade polycrystalline silicon producers became
effective on July 24, 2013 for the antidumping duties and on September 20, 2013 for the countervailing duties, adjusted for
the final determination. Dow Corning will not be subject to duties for previous sales, and is evaluating possible actions in
response to the final determination. 

   

 Pittsburgh Corning Corporation and Asbestos
Litigation.  Corning and PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) each own 50% of the capital stock of Pittsburgh Corning Corporation (PCC).
Over a period of more than two decades, PCC and several other defendants have been named in numerous lawsuits involving claims
alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos. On April 16, 2000, PCC filed for Chapter 11 reorganization in the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. At the time PCC filed for bankruptcy protection, there were approximately 11,800
claims pending against Corning in state court lawsuits alleging various theories of liability based on exposure to PCC’s
asbestos products and typically requesting monetary damages in excess of one million dollars per claim. Corning has defended those
claims on the basis of the separate corporate status of PCC and the absence of any facts supporting claims of direct liability
arising from PCC’s asbestos products. 

   

 PCC Plan of Reorganization 

   

 Corning, with other relevant parties, has
been involved in ongoing efforts to develop a Plan of Reorganization that would resolve the concerns and objections of the relevant
courts and parties. On November 12, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court issued a decision finally confirming an Amended PCC Plan of Reorganization
(the “Amended PCC Plan” or the “Plan”). 

   

 Under this Plan, Corning is required to
contribute its equity interests in PCC and Pittsburgh Corning Europe N.V. (PCE), a Belgian corporation, and to contribute $290
million in a fixed series of payments, recorded at present value. Corning has the option to use its shares rather than cash to
make these payments, but the liability is fixed by dollar value and not the number of shares. The Plan requires Corning to make:
(1) one payment of $70 million one year from the date the Plan becomes effective and certain conditions are met; and (2) five
additional payments of $35 million, $50 million, $35 million, $50 million, and $50 million, respectively, on each of the five
subsequent anniversaries of the first payment, the final payment of which is subject to reduction based on the application of
credits under certain circumstances. 

   

 The Bankruptcy Court’s confirmation
of the Plan must be affirmed by the District Court, and two objectors to the Plan have appealed the Bankruptcy Court’s confirmation
of the Plan to the District Court. Assuming the District Court affirms the confirmation, that decision may be appealed. If that
occurs, it could take many months for the confirmation of the Plan to be finally affirmed. 

   

 Non-PCC Asbestos Litigation 

   

 In addition to the claims against
Corning related to its ownership interest in PCC, Corning is also the defendant in approximately 9,700 other cases
(approximately 37,400 claims) alleging injuries from asbestos related to its Corhart business and similar amounts of monetary
damages per case. When PCC filed for bankruptcy protection, the Court granted a preliminary injunction to suspend all
asbestos cases against PCC, PPG and Corning – including these non-PCC asbestos cases (the “stay”). The stay
remains in place as of the date of this filing. Under the Bankruptcy Court’s order confirming the Amended PCC Plan, the
stay will remain in place until the Amended PCC Plan is finally affirmed. These non-PCC asbestos cases have been covered by
insurance without material impact to Corning to date. As of December 31, 2013, Corning had received for these cases
approximately $19 million in insurance payments related to those claims. If and when the Bankruptcy Court’s
confirmation of the Amended PCC Plan is affirmed, these non-PCC asbestos claims would be allowed to proceed against Corning.
Corning has recorded in its estimated asbestos litigation liability an additional $150 million for these and any
future non-PCC asbestos cases. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     20 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 Total Estimated Liability for the Amended
PCC Plan and the Non-PCC Asbestos Claims 

   

 The liability for the Amended PCC Plan and
the non-PCC asbestos claims was estimated to be $690 million at December 31, 2013, compared with an estimate of liability of $671
million at December 31, 2012. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, Corning recorded asbestos litigation expense of
$19 million and $14 million, respectively. The entire obligation is classified as a non-current liability as installment payments
for the cash portion of the obligation are not planned to commence until more than 12 months after the Amended PCC Plan becomes
effective and the PCE portion of the obligation will be fulfilled through the direct contribution of Corning’s investment
in PCE (currently recorded as a non-current other equity method investment). 

   

 Non-PCC Asbestos Cases Insurance Litigation 

   

 Several of Corning’s insurers have
commenced litigation in state courts for a declaration of the rights and obligations of the parties under insurance policies,
including rights that may be affected by the potential resolutions described above. Corning is vigorously contesting these cases,
and management is unable to predict the outcome of the litigation. 

   

 Environmental Litigation.  Corning
has been named by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) under the Superfund Act or by state
governments under similar state laws, as a potentially responsible party for 15 active hazardous waste sites. Under the Superfund
Act, all parties who may have contributed any waste to a hazardous waste site, identified by the EPA, are jointly and severally
liable for the cost of cleanup unless the EPA agrees otherwise. It is Corning’s policy to accrue for its estimated liability
related to Superfund sites and other environmental liabilities related to property owned by Corning based on expert analysis and
continual monitoring by both internal and external consultants. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, Corning had accrued approximately
$15 million (undiscounted) and $21 million (undiscounted), respectively, for the estimated liability for environmental cleanup
and related litigation. Based upon the information developed to date, management believes that the accrued reserve is a reasonable
estimate of the Company’s liability and that the risk of an additional loss in an amount materially higher than that accrued
is remote. 

   

 Chinese Anti-dumping Investigation Involving
Single-Mode Optical Fiber Produced in India.  In August 2013, China’s MOFCOM initiated an anti-dumping proceeding involving
single-mode optical fiber produced in India and exported to China. Corning recently constructed an optical fiber draw facility
in India which commenced operations in November 2012 and only reached full-scale production capability in June 2013. The period
of investigation is April 1, 2012 through March 31, 2013, a period during which Corning’s export volumes to China from India
were small. Although an anti-dumping action is a trade action between the two countries involved, dumping margins – if assessed
– are assessed individually against producers based on information provided in detailed questionnaires and verification
audits. Corning has responded to the petition and completed the questionnaires. While we do not believe our sales into China from
India violated applicable trade laws, the anti-dumping laws provide great discretion to the investigating authorities, particularly
where a start-up operation is involved. A final determination is expected in the period August 2014 - February 2015. A negative
determination would result in the imposition of an anti-dumping margin on single-mode optical fiber exported from India to China
for a period of at least 5 years. 

   

 Seoul Guarantee Insurance Co. and other
creditors against Samsung Group and affiliates.  Prior to their merger, Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd. (Samsung
Corning Precision Materials) and Samsung Corning Co. Ltd. (Samsung Corning) were two of approximately thirty co-defendants in
a lawsuit filed by Seoul Guarantee Insurance Co. and thirteen other creditors (SGI and Creditors) for alleged breach of an agreement
that approximately twenty-eight affiliates of the Samsung group (Samsung Affiliates) entered into with SGI and Creditors on August
24, 1999 (the Agreement). The lawsuit is pending in the courts of South Korea. Under the Agreement, it is alleged that the Samsung
Affiliates agreed to sell certain shares of Samsung Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (SLI), which had been transferred to SGI and Creditors
in connection with the petition for court receivership of Samsung Motors Inc. In the lawsuit, SGI and Creditors allege a breach
of the Agreement by the Samsung Affiliates and are seeking the loss of principal (approximately $1.95 billion) for loans extended
to Samsung Motors Inc., default interest and a separate amount for breach. On January 31, 2008, the Seoul District Court ordered
the Samsung Affiliates: to pay approximately $1.3 billion by disposing of 2,334,045 shares of SLI less 1,165,955 shares of SLI
previously sold by SGI and Creditors and paying the proceeds to SGI and Creditors; to satisfy any shortfall by participating in
the purchase of equity or subordinate debentures issued by them; and pay default interest of 6% per annum. The ruling was appealed.
On November 10, 2009, the Appellate Court directed the parties to attempt to resolve this matter through mediation. On January
11, 2011, the Appellate Court ordered the Samsung Affiliates to pay 600 billion won in principal and 20 billion won in delayed
interest to SGI and Creditors. Samsung promptly paid those amounts, which approximated $550 million when translated to United
States dollars, from a portion of an escrow account established upon completion of SLI’s initial public offering (IPO) on
May 7, 2010. On February 7, 2011, the Samsung Affiliates appealed the Appellate Court’s ruling to the Supreme Court of Korea
and the appeal is currently in progress. Samsung Corning Precision Materials has not contributed to any payment related to these
disputes, and has concluded that no provision for loss should be reflected in its financial statements. Other than as described
above, no claim in these matters has been asserted against Corning or any of its affiliates. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     21 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 Demodulation, Inc. Trade Secret Litigation.
 On January 18, 2011, Demodulation, Inc. (Demodulation) filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
against Applied DNA Sciences, Inc., Corning Incorporated, Alfred University, Alfred Technology Resources, Inc., and John and Jane
Does 1-10. Demodulation filed an amended complaint on August 3, 2011, alleging a conspiracy by the defendants to steal Demodulation’s
alleged trade secrets and other intellectual property related to glass covered amorphous metal microwires and seeks damages under
various theories, including breach of contract, defamation, conspiracy, antitrust, unfair competition, interference with prospective
business relations and misappropriation of trade secrets. Corning moved to dismiss the amended complaint which was granted in
part for certain claims, but denied as to other claims, e.g. breach of contract, unfair competition, misappropriation of trade
secrets, and tortious interference with business relations. Plaintiff was granted leave to file a second amended complaint. Corning
does not believe Demodulation’s allegations against Corning have merit and intends to defend the case vigorously. Recognizing
that the outcome of litigation is uncertain, management believes that the likelihood of a materially adverse impact to Corning’s
financial statements is remote. 

   

 Trade Secret Misappropriation Suits Concerning
LCD Glass Technology.  On July 18, 2011, in China, Corning Incorporated filed suit in the Beijing Second Intermediate People’s
Court against Hebei Dongxu Investment Group Co., Ltd., which changed its name to Dongxu Group Co., Ltd. (Dongxu) for misappropriation
of certain trade secrets related to the fusion draw process for manufacturing glass substrates used in active matrix liquid crystal
displays (LCDs). On July 18, 2011, in Korea, Corning Incorporated and Samsung Corning Precision Materials filed suits in the Daejeon
District Court against Dongxu, one of its officers, and two other named individuals, for related trade secret misappropriation.
On November 15, 2013, these cases were settled with Dongxu taking a license to the misappropriated technology for a royalty, broken
up into two payments. Dongxu made the first payment in December 2013, and will make the second payment in 2014. 

   

 Department of Justice Grand Jury Subpoena.
 In March 2012, Corning received a grand jury subpoena issued in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan from the U.S. Department of Justice in connection with an investigation into conduct relating to possible antitrust
law violations involving certain automotive products, including catalytic converters, diesel particulate filters, substrates and
monoliths. The subpoena required Corning to produce to the Department of Justice certain documents from the period January 1999
to March 2012. In November 2012, Corning received another subpoena from the Department of Justice, with the same scope, but extending
the time frame for the documents to be produced back to January 1, 1988. Corning’s policy is to comply with all laws and
regulations, including all antitrust and competition laws. Antitrust investigations can result in substantial liability for the
Company. Currently, Corning cannot estimate the ultimate financial impact, if any, resulting from the investigation. Such potential
impact, if an antitrust violation by Corning is found, could however, be material to the results of operations of Corning in a
particular period. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    4 
     Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
   

 None. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     22 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     




 PART II 

   
   
 
 
     ITEM 5 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
   

 
 (a) Corning Incorporated common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In addition,
it is traded on the Boston, Midwest, Pacific and Philadelphia stock exchanges. Common stock options are traded on the Chicago
Board Options Exchange. The ticker symbol for Corning Incorporated is “GLW.” 
 

   

 The following table sets forth the high and
low sales price of Corning’s common stock as reported on the Composite Tape. 

   

 
 
       
       
     First quarter 
       
     Second
    quarter 
       
     Third quarter 
       
     Fourth quarter 
       
 
     2013 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Price range 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     High 
       
       
     $ 
     13.35 
       
       
     $ 
     16.43 
       
       
     $ 
     15.51 
       
       
     $ 
     18.07 
       
 
     Low 
       
       
     $ 
     11.75 
       
       
     $ 
     12.64 
       
       
     $ 
     13.84 
       
       
     $ 
     13.82 
       
 
     2012 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Price range 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     High 
       
       
     $ 
     14.62 
       
       
     $ 
     14.58 
       
       
     $ 
     13.40 
       
       
     $ 
     13.96 
       
 
     Low 
       
       
     $ 
     12.52 
       
       
     $ 
     12.17 
       
       
     $ 
     10.62 
       
       
     $ 
     10.71 
       
 
   

 As of December 31, 2013, there were approximately
18,771 record holders of common stock and approximately 565,877 beneficial shareholders. 

   

 Between the third quarter of 2007 and the
third quarter of 2011, Corning paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on the Company’s common stock. On October
5, 2011, Corning’s Board of Directors declared a 50% increase in the Company’s quarterly common stock dividend, increasing
Corning’s quarterly dividend from $0.05 per share to $0.075 per share of common stock. On October 3, 2012, Corning’s
Board of Directors declared a 20% increase in the Company’s quarterly common stock dividend. Corning’s quarterly dividend
increased to $0.09 per share of common stock. On April 24, 2013, Corning’s Board of Directors declared an 11% increase in
the Company’s quarterly common stock dividend, increasing Corning’s quarterly dividend from $0.09 per share to $0.10
per share of common stock. 

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

   

 The following table shows the total
number of outstanding options and shares available for other future issuances of options under our existing equity
compensation plans as of December 31, 2013, including the 2010 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors and 2012 Long-Term
Incentive Plan: 

   

 
 
       
       
     A 
       
     B 
       
     C 
 
     Plan
    category 
       
     Number
    of securities to be issued  
     upon exercise of outstanding  
     options, warrants and rights 
       
     Weighted-average
    exercise price  
     of outstanding options, warrants  
     and rights 
       
     Number
    of securities remaining available for future issuance
    under equity compensation plans (excluding securities
    reflected in column A) 
       
 
     Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
       
     57,139,000 
       
     $ 
     17.83 
       
     78,339,329 
       
 
     Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders 
       
     0 
       
       
     0 
       
     0 
       
 
     Total 
       
     57,139,000 
       
     $ 
     17.83 
       
     78,339,329 
       
 
   
 
 (1) Shares indicated are total grants under the most recent shareholder approved plans
as well as any shares remaining outstanding from any prior shareholder approved plans. 
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 23 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Performance Graph 

   

 The following graph illustrates the cumulative
total shareholder return over the last five years of Corning’s common stock, the S&P 500 and the S&P Communications
Equipment Companies (in which Corning is currently included). The graph includes the capital weighted performance results of those
companies in the communications equipment company classification that are also included in the S&P 500. 

   

 

   

 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 

   

 
 (c) The following table provides information about our purchases of our common stock during
the fiscal fourth quarter of 2013: 
 

   

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   

 
 
     Period 
       
     Number of shares purchased (1) 
       
     Average
    price paid per share (1) 
       
     Number
    of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) 
       
     Approximate
    dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) 
       
 
     October 1-31, 2013 
       
     51,310,363 
       
       
     $ 
     16.79 
       
       
     51,288,807 
       
       
     $ 
     683,751,648 
       
 
     November 1-30, 2013 
       
     242 
       
       
     $ 
     17.26 
       
       
       
       
       
     $ 
     683,751,648 
       
 
     December 1-31, 2013 
       
     23,811 
       
       
     $ 
     16.88 
       
       
       
       
       
     $ 
     683,751,648 
       
 
     Total at December
    31, 2013 
       
     51,334,416 
       
       
     $ 
     16.79 
       
       
     51,288,807 
       
       
     $ 
     683,751,648 
       
 
   
 
 (1) This column reflects the following transactions during the fiscal fourth quarter of
2013: (i) the deemed surrender to us of 1,655 shares of common stock to pay the exercise price and to satisfy tax withholding
obligations in connection with the exercise of employee stock options, and (ii) the surrender to us of 43,954 shares of common
stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees, and (iii)
the purchase of 51,288,807 shares of common stock in conjunction with the repurchase program announced in the second quarter of
2013. 
 
 
 (2) On April 24, 2013, we publicly announced authorization to repurchase up to $2 billion
of our common stock by December 31, 2014. 
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 24 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
     ITEM
    6 
     Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 

   

 

 
 
     (In millions, except per share amounts and number 
       
     Years
    ended December 31, 
 
     
of employees) 
       
       
     2013 
       
       
       
     2012 
       
       
       
     2011 
       
       
       
     2010 
       
       
       
     2009 
       
       
 
     Results of operations 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Net sales 
       
       
     $ 
     7,819 
       
       
     $ 
     8,012 
       
       
     $ 
     7,890 
       
       
     $ 
     6,632 
       
       
     $ 
     5,395 
       
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses* 
       
       
     $ 
     710 
       
       
     $ 
     769 
       
       
     $ 
     668 
       
       
     $ 
     599 
       
       
     $ 
     568 
       
 
     Equity in earnings of
    affiliated companies 
       
       
     $ 
     547 
       
       
     $ 
     810 
       
       
     $ 
     1,471 
       
       
     $ 
     1,958 
       
       
     $ 
     1,435 
       
 
     Net income attributable
    to Corning Incorporated* 
       
       
     $ 
     1,961 
       
       
     $ 
     1,636 
       
       
     $ 
     2,817 
       
       
     $ 
     3,574 
       
       
     $ 
     1,984 
       
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Basic*  
       
       
     $ 
     1.35 
       
       
     $ 
     1.10 
       
       
     $ 
     1.80 
       
       
     $ 
     2.29 
       
       
     $ 
     1.28 
       
 
     Diluted* 
       
       
     $ 
     1.34 
       
       
     $ 
     1.09 
       
       
     $ 
     1.78 
       
       
     $ 
     2.26 
       
       
     $ 
     1.27 
       
 
     Cash dividends declared
    per common share 
       
       
     $ 
     0.39 
       
       
     $ 
     0.32 
       
       
     $ 
     0.23 
       
       
     $ 
     0.20 
       
       
     $ 
     0.20 
       
 
     Shares used in computing per share amounts: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Basic earnings per common share 
       
       
       
     1,452 
       
       
       
     1,494 
       
       
       
     1,562 
       
       
       
     1,558 
       
       
       
     1,550 
       
 
     Diluted earnings per
    common share 
       
       
       
     1,462 
       
       
       
     1,506 
       
       
       
     1,583 
       
       
       
     1,581 
       
       
       
     1,568 
       
 
     Financial position 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Working capital 
       
       
     $ 
     7,145 
       
       
     $ 
     7,739 
       
       
     $ 
     6,580 
       
       
     $ 
     6,873 
       
       
     $ 
     3,982 
       
 
     Total assets 
       
       
     $ 
     28,478 
       
       
     $ 
     29,375 
       
       
     $ 
     27,848 
       
       
     $ 
     25,833 
       
       
     $ 
     21,295 
       
 
     Long-term debt 
       
       
     $ 
     3,272 
       
       
     $ 
     3,382 
       
       
     $ 
     2,364 
       
       
     $ 
     2,262 
       
       
     $ 
     1,930 
       
 
     Total Corning Incorporated
    shareholders’ equity 
       
       
     $ 
     21,162 
       
       
     $ 
     21,486 
       
       
     $ 
     21,078 
       
       
     $ 
     19,375 
       
       
     $ 
     15,543 
       
 
     Selected data 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Capital expenditures 
       
       
     $ 
     1,019 
       
       
     $ 
     1,801 
       
       
     $ 
     2,432 
       
       
     $ 
     1,007 
       
       
     $ 
     890 
       
 
     Depreciation and amortization 
       
       
     $ 
     1,002 
       
       
     $ 
     997 
       
       
     $ 
     957 
       
       
     $ 
     854 
       
       
     $ 
     792 
       
 
     Number of employees 
       
       
       
     30,400 
       
       
       
     28,700 
       
       
       
     28,800 
       
       
       
     26,200 
       
       
       
     23,500 
       
 
   
 
 
     * 
     Includes
    impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied
    to prior periods. 
 
   

 Reference should be made to the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 25 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     




 
 
     ITEM
    7 
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
   

 Organization of Information 

   

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
provides a historical and prospective narrative on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. This discussion
includes the following sections: 

   

 
 • Overview 
 
 
     
 
 • Results of Operations 
 
 
     
 
 • Reportable Segments 
 
 
     
 
 • Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 
     
 
 • Environment 
 
 
     
 
 
                                                                                • Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 
     
 
 • New Accounting Standards 
 
 
     
 
 • Forward-Looking Statements 
 

   

 Overview 

   

 Although Corning’s net sales remained
relatively consistent in 2013 when compared to 2012, net income improved by 20%, driven by the impact of the net gain on our yen-denominated
hedging program, an increase in equity earnings from Dow Corning and higher net income in our Optical Communications, Specialty
Materials, Life Sciences and Environmental Technologies segments. 

   

 Net sales in the year ended December 31,
2013 were $7,819 million, compared to $8,012 million in the year ended December 31, 2012. When compared to 2012, the change in
net sales was driven by the following items: 

   

 
 • Higher net sales in the Optical Communications segment in the amount of $196 million,
driven by an increase in sales of carrier products in the amount of $163 million, largely due to growth in North America, China
and Europe, and the ramp-up of the fiber-to-the-premises initiative in Australia, partially offset by lower optical fiber sales; 
 
 
     
 
 • An increase in net sales in the amount of $194 million in the Life Sciences segment
due to the impact of the acquisition of the majority of the Discovery Labware business in the fourth quarter of 2012; 
 
 
     
 
 • Lower sales in the Display Technologies segment in the amount of $364 million, primarily
due to the depreciation of the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar and price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms, offset
somewhat by an increase in volume in the mid-twenties; 
 
 
     
 
 • A sales decrease of $176 million in the Specialty Materials segment, driven by a 17%
decrease in sales of Corning Gorilla Glass; and 
 
 
     
 
 • A decline in sales of $45 million in the Environmental Technologies segment, due to
reductions in demand for our light duty and heavy duty diesel products. 
 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2013, we
generated net income of $2.0 billion or $1.34 per share compared to net income of $1.6 billion or $1.09 per share for 2012. When
compared to last year, the increase in net income was due largely to the following items (all amounts presented after tax): 

   

 
 • Net gain recorded on our purchase collars and average rate forwards related to translated
earnings contracts in the amount of $287 million; 
 
 
     
 
 • An increase of $99 million in equity earnings from Dow Corning; 
 
 
     
 
 • A decrease of $45 million in restructuring, impairment and other charges; 
 
 
     
 
 • An increase in net income in our Optical Communications, Specialty Materials, Environmental
Technologies and Life Sciences segments in the amounts of $53 million, $50 million, $20 million and $43 million, respectively;
and 
 
 
     
 
 • A tax benefit in the amount of $91 million related to two components of the American
Taxpayer Relief Act enacted on January 3, 2013 and made retroactive to 2012, consisting of a $17 million research and development
tax credit and the reversal of a $37 million charge taken in 2012 related to U.S. tax on foreign earnings. 
 

   

 Partially offsetting the increase in net
income in the year ended December 31, 2013 were the negative impacts of the depreciation of the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar,
price declines in the mid-teens in the Display Technologies segment and an increase in the effective tax rate, largely driven by
higher income in the U.S., tax law changes and the recording of valuation allowances due to changes in the realization of certain
foreign and state deferred tax assets. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 26 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Corning remains committed to a strategy of
growing through global innovation. This strategy has served us well. Our key priorities for 2013 were similar to those in prior
years: protect our financial health and invest in the future. During 2013, we made the following progress on these priorities: 

   

 Financial Health 

   

 Our financial position remained sound and
we delivered strong cash flows from operating activities. Significant items in 2013 included the following: 

   

 
 • We ended the year with $5.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments,
a decrease from the December 31, 2012 balance of $6.1 billion, but well above our debt balance at December 31, 2013 of $3.3 billion.
The decrease in cash was largely driven by the repayment of the Chinese credit facility in the amount of approximately $500 million,
the purchase of the minority interests of three shareholders of Samsung Corning Precision Materials in the amount of $506 million,
and the $1.5 billion of share repurchases. 
 
 
     
 
 • Our debt to capital ratio at December 31, 2013 was 13%, slightly lower than our debt
to capital ratio of 14% at December 31, 2012. 
 
 
     
 
 • Operating cash flow for the year was $2.8 billion. 
 
 
     
 
 • Corning’s Board of Directors declared an 11% increase in the Company’s
quarterly common stock dividend. 
 

   

 Investing in our future 

   

 We continue to focus on the future and on
what we do best – creating keystone components that enable high-technology systems. We remain committed to investing in research,
development and engineering to drive innovation. During 2014, we will maintain our balanced innovation strategy of: growing our
existing businesses; developing opportunities adjacent or closely related to our existing technical and manufacturing capabilities;
and investing in long-range opportunities in each of our market segments. Our spending levels for research, development, and engineering
declined slightly in 2013 when compared to 2012, and were approximately 9% of sales. 

   

 We continue to work on new products, including
glass substrates for high performance displays and LCD applications, diesel filters and substrates for emission control systems,
glass and plastic labware, and the optical fiber, cable and hardware and equipment that enable fiber-to-the-premises, and next
generation data centers. In addition, we are focusing on wireless solutions for diverse venue applications, such as distributed
antenna systems, fiber to the cell site and fiber to the antenna. We have focused our research, development and engineering spending
to support the advancement of new product attributes for our Corning Gorilla Glass suite of products. We will continue to focus
on adjacent glass and ceramic opportunities which leverage existing materials or manufacturing processes, including Corning Willow
Glass, our ultra-slim flexible glass substrate for use in next-generation consumer electronic technologies. 

   

 Capital spending was $1,019 million in 2013,
a decrease of $782 million when compared to 2012. In 2011, Corning announced several multi-year investment plans to increase manufacturing
capacity in several of our reportable segments. Specifically, the projects focused on an LCD glass substrate facility in China
for our Display Technologies segment and a capacity expansion project for Specialty Materials’ Corning Gorilla Glass in Japan.
Although spending for these projects continued into 2013, the majority of the construction costs were incurred in 2012 and 2011,
resulting in a significant decrease in capital spending in those segments in 2013. We expect our 2014 capital expenditures to be
approximately $1.5 billion. Approximately $600 million will be allocated to our Display Technologies segment. 

   

 Corporate Outlook 

   

 Our recent acquisition of the remaining interest
in our equity affiliate Samsung Corning Precision Materials will drive growth in 2014. We also expect sales to grow in our Optical
Communications, Life Sciences, Specialty Materials and Environmental Technologies segments, and for our market share to stabilize
and price declines to be moderate in our Display Technologies segment. We anticipate a rise in global demand for Corning’s
carrier network products, combined with growth of enterprise network products, will increase sales in our Optical Communications
segment. We believe the overall LCD glass retail market in 2014 will increase in the mid-to-high single digits, driven by the combination
of an increase in retail sales of LCD televisions and the demand for larger television screen sizes. Net income may be negatively
impacted by lower equity earnings from our equity affiliate Dow Corning and the impact of movements in foreign exchange rates.
We may take advantage of acquisition opportunities that support the long-term strategies of our businesses. We remain confident
that our strategy to grow through global innovation, while preserving our financial stability, will enable our continued long-term
success. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 27 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Results of Operations 

   

 Selected highlights from our continuing operations
follow (dollars in millions)*: 

   

 

 
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     % change 
 
       
       
       
     2013 
       
       
       
     2012 
       
       
       
     2011 
       
       
       
     13
    vs. 12 
       
       
     12
    vs. 11 
       
 
     Net sales 
       
       
     $ 
     7,819 
       
       
     $ 
     8,012 
       
       
     $ 
     7,890 
       
       
     (2 
     ) 
       
     2 
       
 
     Gross margin 
       
       
     $ 
     3,324 
       
       
     $ 
     3,319 
       
       
     $ 
     3,576 
       
       
     0 
       
       
     (7 
     ) 
 
     (gross margin %) 
       
       
       
     43 
     % 
       
       
     41 
     % 
       
       
     45 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Selling, general and administrative expense 
       
       
     $ 
     1,126 
       
       
     $ 
     1,205 
       
       
     $ 
     1,028 
       
       
     (7 
     ) 
       
     17 
       
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     14 
     % 
       
       
     15 
     % 
       
       
     13 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses 
       
       
     $ 
     710 
       
       
     $ 
     769 
       
       
     $ 
     668 
       
       
     (8 
     ) 
       
     15 
       
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     9 
     % 
       
       
     10 
     % 
       
       
     8 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges  
       
       
     $ 
     67 
       
       
     $ 
     133 
       
       
     $ 
     129 
       
       
     (50 
     ) 
       
     3 
       
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     1 
     % 
       
       
     2 
     % 
       
       
     2 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies 
       
       
     $ 
     547 
       
       
     $ 
     810 
       
       
     $ 
     1,471 
       
       
     (32 
     ) 
       
     (45 
     ) 
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     7 
     % 
       
       
     10 
     % 
       
       
     19 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Other income, net 
       
       
     $ 
     667 
       
       
     $ 
     83 
       
       
     $ 
     118 
       
       
     704 
       
       
     (30 
     ) 
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     9 
     % 
       
       
     1 
     % 
       
       
     1 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Income before income taxes 
       
       
     $ 
     2,473 
       
       
     $ 
     1,975 
       
       
     $ 
     3,231 
       
       
     25 
       
       
     (39 
     ) 
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     32 
     % 
       
       
     25 
     % 
       
       
     41 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Provision for income taxes 
       
       
     $ 
     (512 
     )  
       
     $ 
     (339 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (414 
     ) 
       
     51 
       
       
     (18 
     ) 
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     (7 
     )%  
       
       
     (4 
     )% 
       
       
     (5 
     )% 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated 
       
       
     $ 
     1,961 
       
       
     $ 
     1,636 
       
       
     $ 
     2,817 
       
       
     20 
       
       
     (42 
     ) 
 
     (as a % of net sales) 
       
       
       
     25 
     %  
       
       
     20 
     % 
       
       
     36 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 

 
 
     * 
     Includes impact of defined benefit
    pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 
   

 Net Sales 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2013, net
sales remained relatively consistent when compared to the same period in 2012. Higher sales in the Optical Communications and Life
Sciences segments were offset by declines in the Display Technologies, Environmental Technologies and Specialty Materials segments.
Optical Communications sales increased by $196 million, driven by an increase in sales of our carrier products in the amount of
$163 million, largely due to the ramp-up of the fiber-to-the-premises initiative in Australia, which increased by $28 million,
an increase of $23 million in sales of wireless products and higher sales of fiber and cable products in North America, China and
Europe, up $52 million, $33 million and $26 million, respectively. Also included in the increase in sales of carrier products is
the impact of a small acquisition completed in the second quarter of 2013 and the consolidation of an investment due to a change
in control, which added approximately $53 million in 2013. Net sales increased in the Life Sciences segment by $194 million, driven by the impact of the acquisition of the Discovery Labware business in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the
Display Technologies segment, volume increases in the mid-twenties in percentage terms were more than offset by price declines
in the mid-teens and the impact of the depreciation of the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar. In the Environmental Technologies
segment, while automotive product sales remained relatively consistent with the prior year, sales of our diesel products declined
by 9%. Net sales declined by $176 million in the Specialty Materials segment, driven by a decline in sales of Corning Gorilla Glass
of 17%. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 28 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Net sales in 2012 increased slightly when
compared to the prior year, due to sales growth in the Specialty Materials, Optical Communications and Life Sciences segments,
offset almost entirely by a decrease in sales in our Display Technologies segment. Sales in the Specialty Materials segment increased
by 25% due to the strong demand for Corning Gorilla Glass that is used as cover glass in portable handheld display devices, tablets
and notebook computers. Optical Communications segment sales increased primarily due to sales growth in wireless and fiber-to-the-premises
products. The increase in sales in our Life Sciences segment was driven by the acquisition of the Discovery Labware business in
the fourth quarter of 2012, and by the small acquisition we completed in the fourth quarter of 2011 which produces high-quality
cell culture media. Additionally, net sales were positively impacted by movements in foreign exchange rates. 

   

 In 2013, 2012 and 2011, sales into international
markets accounted for 74%, 77% and 79%, respectively, of total net sales. 

   

 Cost of Sales 

   

 The types of expenses included in the cost
of sales line item are: raw materials consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation
and amortization; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing (including receiving and inspection); repairs
and maintenance; inter-location inventory transfer costs; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production
facilities; and other production overhead. 

   

 Gross Margin 

   

 For 2013, gross margin dollars and as a percentage
of sales increased when compared to 2012, led by an increase of 6% in the Specialty Materials segment, resulting from improvements
in manufacturing efficiency and cost reduction programs. The depreciation of the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar and price
declines in the Display Technologies segment partially offset the increase. 

   

 For 2012, gross margin in dollars and as
a percentage of sales decreased when compared to 2011, due to the impact of significant price declines in our Display Technologies
segment. Partially offsetting this decline was improvement in our Specialty Materials segment, where significantly higher sales,
increased manufacturing efficiency, and the absence of large cover glass start-up and tank conversion costs incurred in 2011, led
to an 11% increase in gross margin. 

   

 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 

   

 Selling, general, and administrative expenses
for 2013 decreased by $79 million when compared to 2012. This decrease was largely driven by cost control measures implemented
in our segments and a decline in variable compensation in the amount of $27 million. As a percentage of net sales, these expenses
decreased when compared to the same period last year. 

   

 Selling, general, and administrative expenses
for 2012 increased when compared to 2011, due primarily to an increase in performance-based compensation costs, expenses associated
with the acquisition of the BD Discovery Labware business, and the absence of a credit in the amount of $27 million resulting from
a reduction in a contingent liability associated with an acquisition recorded in 2011. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general,
and administrative expenses in 2012 increased when compared to 2011, due to the increase in spending described above and relatively
consistent net sales year over year. 

   

 The types of expenses included in the selling,
general and administrative expenses line item are: salaries, wages and benefits; travel; sales commissions; professional fees;
and depreciation and amortization, utilities, and rent for administrative facilities. 

   

 Research, Development and Engineering Expenses 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2013, research,
development, and engineering expenses decreased by $59 million when compared to the same period last year, driven by declines in
our Display Technologies and Environmental Technologies segments of $19 million and $11 million, respectively. In addition, the
allocation of the gain on the true-up of our 2012 pension plan valuation to research, development and engineering expense partially
drove the decline. We continue to focus on new product development in areas such as wireless solutions and fiber to the cell site
in our Optical Communications segment, glass substrates for high performance displays in our Display Technologies segment and diesel
filters and substrates in the Environmental Technologies segment. As a percentage of net sales, research, development and engineering
expenses declined slightly in the year ended December 31, 2013, when compared to the same period in 2012. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     29 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Research, development and engineering expenses
increased by 15% in 2012 when compared to 2011, and increased 2% as a percentage of net sales. During 2012, Corning’s research,
development and engineering focused on new product development, as well as adjacent glass opportunities which leverage existing
materials or manufacturing processes. We believe our spending levels are adequate to support our technology and innovation strategies. 

   

 Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Charges
and Credits 

   

 Corning recorded restructuring, impairment,
and other charges and credits in 2013, 2012 and 2011, which affect the comparability of our results for the periods presented.
Additional information on restructuring and asset impairment is found in Note 2 (Restructuring, Impairment and Other Charges), Note
9 (Property, Net of Accumulated Depreciation) and Note 16 (Fair Value Measurements) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. A
description of those charges and credits follows: 

   

 2013 Activity 

   

 To better align our 2014 cost position in
several of our businesses, Corning implemented a global restructuring plan within several of our segments in the fourth quarter
of 2013, consisting of workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs. We recorded charges of $67 million,
before tax, associated with these actions, with total cash expenditures expected to be approximately $40 million. Annualized savings
from these actions are estimated to be approximately $40 million and will be reflected largely in selling, general, and administrative
expenses. 

   

 2012 Activity 

   

 In response to uncertain global economic
conditions, and the potential for slower growth in many of our businesses in 2013, Corning implemented a corporate-wide restructuring
plan in the fourth quarter of 2012. We recorded charges of $89 million, before tax, which included costs for workforce reductions,
asset write-offs and exit costs. Total cash expenditures associated with these actions were approximately $49 million, and spending
for employee-related costs was completed in 2013. Annualized savings from these actions are estimated to be approximately $71 million
and will be reflected largely in selling, general, and administrative expenses. 

   

 The Specialty Materials segment recorded
an impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2011 in the amount of $130 million, before tax, related to certain assets used in
the production of large cover glass due to sales that were significantly below our expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2012,
after reassessing the large cover glass business, Corning concluded that the large cover glass market was developing differently
in 2012 than our expectations, demand for larger-sized cover glass was declining, and the market for this type of glass was instead
targeting smaller gen size products. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2012, our primary customer of large cover glass notified
Corning of its decision to exit from this display market. Based on these events, we recorded an additional impairment charge in
the fourth quarter of 2012 in the amount of $44 million, before tax. This impairment charge represents a write-down of assets specific
to the glass-strengthening process for large size cover glass to their fair market values, and includes machinery and equipment
used in the ion exchange process. 

   

 2011 Activity 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2011, the Specialty
Materials segment recorded an impairment charge in the amount of $130 million related to certain assets located in Japan used in
the ion exchange process for the production of large cover glass. Large cover glass is primarily used as a cover sheet of strengthened
glass for frameless (bezel-less) LCD displays. The large cover glass impairment charge represents a write-down of assets specific
to the glass-strengthening process for large size cover glass to their relative fair market values as of the date of impairment.
This asset group includes machinery and equipment used in the ion exchange process and facilities dedicated to the ion exchange
process. 

   

 Asbestos Litigation 

   

 In 2013, we recorded an increase to our asbestos
litigation liability of $19 million compared to an increase of $14 million in 2012 and $24 million in 2011. 

   

 Our asbestos litigation liability was estimated
to be $690 million at December 31, 2013, compared with an estimate of $671 million at December 31, 2012. The entire obligation
is classified as a non-current liability as installment payments for the cash portion of the obligation are not planned to commence
until more than 12 months after the proposed Amended PCC Plan is ultimately effective, and a portion of the obligation will be
fulfilled through the direct contribution of Corning’s investment in PCE (currently recorded as a non-current other equity
method investment). 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     30 
 



 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 See Legal Proceedings for additional information
about this matter. 

   

 Equity in Earnings of Affiliated Companies 

   

 The following provides a summary of equity
earnings of affiliated companies (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                           2013 
                                                                                                                                 
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
     $ 320     
     $ 699     
     $ 1,031   
 
     Dow Corning   
       196     
       90     
       404   
 
     All other   
       31     
       21     
       36   
 
     Total equity earnings   
     $ 547     
     $ 810     
     $ 1,471   
 

   

 Equity earnings of affiliated companies decreased
in the year ended December 31, 2013, when compared to the same period last year, driven by significantly lower earnings at Samsung
Corning Precision Materials, offset somewhat by higher equity earnings from Dow Corning. The decline in equity earnings of Samsung
Corning Precision Materials was driven by the following items: 

   

 

 
 • The significant depreciation of the Japanese
yen versus the U.S. dollar; 
 
     
 
 • Price declines in the mid-teens
                                         in percentage terms; and  
 
     
 
 • Asset write-offs and disposals in the
amount of $28 million.  

   

 The change in equity earnings from Samsung
Corning Precision Materials is also included in the discussion of Core Performance Measures, the performance of the Display Technologies
segment and in All Other. 

   

 The following table provides a summary of
equity earnings from Dow Corning, by component (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
     Year ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                           2013 
                                                                                                                                 
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Silicones   
     $ 166     
     $ 122     
     $ 222   
 
     Polysilicon (Hemlock Semiconductor Group)   
       30     
       (32 )   
       182   
 
     Total Dow Corning   
     $ 196     
     $ 90     
     $ 404   
 

   

 Beginning in the latter half of 2011, and
continuing into 2012, Dow Corning began experiencing unfavorable industry conditions at its consolidated subsidiary Hemlock, a
producer of high purity polycrystalline silicon for the semiconductor and solar industries, driven by over-capacity at all levels
of the solar industry supply chain. This over-capacity led to significant declines in polycrystalline spot prices in the fourth
quarter of 2011, and prices remained depressed throughout 2012. In 2013, markets stabilized, but prices remain significantly below
historical levels. 

   

 Due to the conditions and uncertainties during
2012 described above, sales volume declined and production levels of certain operating assets were reduced. As a result, in the
fourth quarter of 2012, Dow Corning determined that a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion previously delayed since the fourth
quarter of 2011 would no longer be economically viable and made the decision to abandon this expansion activity. The abandonment
resulted in an impairment charge of $57 million, before tax, for Corning’s share of the write down in the value of these
construction-in-progress assets. Further, the startup of another polycrystalline silicon plant expansion that was expected to begin
production in 2013 was delayed and the assets remain idled. Production will only commence when sales volumes increase to levels
necessary to support the plant’s capacity. The timing for startup of this expansion is uncertain and future adverse conditions
may cause Dow Corning to re-evaluate the long-term viability of the idled assets. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     31 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Additionally, during the fourth quarter of
2012, the negative events and circumstances at Dow Corning indicated that assets of Dow Corning’s polycrystalline silicon
business might be impaired. In accordance with accounting guidance for impairment of long-lived assets, Dow Corning compared estimated
undiscounted cash flows to the assets’ carrying value and determined that the asset group was recoverable as of December 31,
2012. Upon receiving the preliminary determination notices from the Chinese Ministry of Commerce (“MOFCOM”) in the
third quarter of 2013, Dow Corning again evaluated whether the polycrystalline silicon assets might be impaired. The estimate of
future undiscounted cash flows continued to indicate the assets were expected to be recovered. However, it is reasonably possible
that the estimate of undiscounted cash flows may change in the near term resulting in the need to write down those assets to fair
value. Dow Corning’s estimate of cash flows might change as a result of continued pricing deterioration, ongoing oversupply
in the market, or other adverse market conditions that result in non-performance by customers under long-term contracts. Corning’s
share of the carrying value of this asset group is approximately $1.0 billion. 

   

 In July 2012, the MOFCOM initiated antidumping
and countervailing duty investigations of imports of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon products from the U.S. and Korea based
on a petition filed by Chinese solar-grade polycrystalline silicon producers. The petition alleges that producers within these
countries exported solar-grade polycrystalline silicon to China at less than fair value and that production of solar-grade polycrystalline
silicon in the U.S. has been subsidized by the U.S. government. On July 18, 2013, MOFCOM announced its preliminary determination
that China’s solar-grade polycrystalline silicon industry suffered material damage because of dumping by producers in the
U.S. and Korea. The Chinese authorities imposed provisional antidumping duties on producers in the U.S. and Korea ranging from
2.4% to 57.0%, including duties of 53.3% on future imports of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon product from the Dow Corning
subsidiary into China. On September 16, 2013, the Chinese authorities imposed provisional countervailing duties of 6.5%. On January
20, 2014 MOFCOM issued a final determination. The final determination resulted in no change to the antidumping duties, and the
countervailing duties were reduced to 2.1%. The requirement for customers to pay provisional duties on imports from solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon producers became effective on July 24, 2013 for the antidumping duties and on September 20, 2013 for the
countervailing duties, adjusted for the final determination. Dow Corning will not be subject to duties for previous sales, and
is evaluating possible actions in response to the final determination. 

   

 Equity earnings from Dow Corning increased
by 118% in the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 when compared to the same period in 2012, due to the following items: 

   

 
 • In the polysilicon segment, the absence
of the impairment charge of $57 million recorded in 2012 related to the abandonment of a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion,
offset by Corning’s share of restructuring charges at Hemlock in the amount of $11 million and the absence of the gain of
$10 million associated with the resolution of a contract dispute; and 
 
     
 
 • In the silicones segment, a gain of $20
million associated with the termination of a long-term sales agreement, the positive impact of the recognition of a derivative
instrument in the amount of $16 million, the absence of the 2012 restructuring charge of $30 million, coupled with cost reduction
resulting from these actions, and lower variable compensation costs. The increase in earnings was partially offset by the negative
impact of price declines and weaker demand in Asia and the Americas. 

   

 Equity earnings from Dow Corning were negatively
impacted by the following items in the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 when compared to the same period in 2011: 

   

 
 • Significant declines in polycrystalline
silicon prices and the impairment charge described above in the amount of $57 million associated with the abandonment of a polycrystalline
silicon plant expansion; 
 
     
 
 • Corning’s share of the restructuring
actions taken in the silicone products segment associated with workforce reductions and the impairment of assets in the amount
of $30 million; 
 
     
 
 • Higher operating expenses due to an increase
in pension expense, severance expense and compensation accruals;  
 
     
 
 • Price declines for silicone products; and 
 
     
 
 • The unfavorable impact from movements in
foreign exchange rates. 

   

 The decrease in equity earnings from Dow
Corning in 2012 was offset somewhat by the following items: 

   

 
 • A gain in the amount of $10 million associated
with the resolution of a contract dispute by Hemlock against one of its customers relating to enforcement of long-term supply agreements; 
 
     
 
 • An increase in volume for silicone products;
and 
 
     
 
 • Lower interest expense. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     32 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Other Income, Net 

   

 “Other income, net”
in Corning’s consolidated statements of income includes the following (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                           2013 
                                                                                                                                 
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Royalty income from Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
     $ 56     
     $ 83     
     $ 219   
 
     Foreign currency transaction and hedge gains (losses), net   
       500     
       8     
       (43 ) 
 
     Loss on retirement of debt   
             
       (26 )   
           
 
     Foreign government subsidy   
       55     
             
           
 
     Other, net   
       56     
       18     
       (58 ) 
 
     Total   
     $ 667     
     $ 83     
     $ 118   
 

   

 Royalty income from Samsung Corning Precision
Materials decreased in 2013, when compared to 2012, reflecting the decline in their sales volume. In 2012, royalty income was significantly
lower when compared to 2011, due to the reduction of the applicable royalty rate by approximately 50% beginning in December 2011. 

   

 Included in the line item Foreign currency
transaction and hedge gains (losses), net, for the year ended December 31, 2013, is the impact of the purchased collars and average
rate forward contracts, which were entered into in 2013 to hedge our exposure to movements in the Japanese yen and its impact on
our net earnings. We recorded a net gain relating to the changes in the fair value of these contracts, offset slightly by the premium
expense, in the amount of $435 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 Income Before Income Taxes 

   

 The impact of foreign exchange rate movements
on Income Before Income Taxes in the year ended December 31, 2013 was not significant. 

   

 Provision for Income Taxes 

   

 Our provision for income taxes and the related
effective income tax rates were as follows (dollars in millions)*: 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                           2013 
                                                                                                                                 
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Provision for income taxes   
     $ 512     
     $ 339     
     $ 414   
 
     Effective tax rate   
       20.7 %   
       17.2 %   
       12.8 % 
 

   
 
 * Includes impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter
of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 

   

 The effective income tax rate for 2013 differed
from the U.S. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the following items: 

   

 
 • Rate differences on income (loss) of consolidated
foreign companies; 
 
     
 
 • The impact of equity in earnings of nonconsolidated
affiliates reported in the financials, net of tax;  
 
     
 
 • The benefit of tax incentives in foreign
jurisdictions, primarily Taiwan; and 
 
     
 
 • Tax benefit of $54 million for the impact
of the American Taxpayer Relieve Act enacted on January 3, 2013 and made retroactive to 2012. 

   

 Partially offsetting the benefits above is
a $48 million charge attributable to a change in the judgment regarding the realizability of certain foreign and state deferred
tax assets. 

   

 The effective income tax rate for 2012 differed
from the U.S. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the following items: 

   

 
 • Rate differences on income (loss) of consolidated
foreign companies, partially offset by U.S. tax of $37 million on deemed repatriated earnings (Subpart F); 
 
     
 
 • The impact of equity in earnings of nonconsolidated
affiliates reported in the financials net of tax; and 
 
     
 
 • The benefit of tax incentives in foreign
jurisdictions, primarily Taiwan.  
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     33 
 



 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Corning has valuation allowances
on certain shorter-lived deferred tax assets such as those represented by capital loss carry forwards and state tax net operating
loss carry forwards, as well as other foreign net operating loss carry forwards and federal and state tax credits, because we cannot
conclude that it is more likely than not that we will earn income of the character required to utilize these assets before they
expire. The amount of U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets that had valuation allowances at December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $286
million and $210 million, respectively. 

   

 Corning continues to indefinitely reinvest
substantially all of its foreign earnings, with the exception in 2013 of approximately $12 million of earnings that had very low
or no tax cost associated with their repatriation. Our current analysis indicates that we have sufficient U.S. liquidity, including
borrowing capacity, to fund foreseeable U.S. cash needs without requiring the repatriation of foreign cash. One time or unusual
items that may impact our ability or intent to keep our foreign earnings and cash indefinitely reinvested include significant U.S.
acquisitions, stock repurchases, shareholder dividends, changes in tax laws or the development of tax planning ideas that allow
us to repatriate earnings at little or no tax cost, and/or a change in our circumstances or economic conditions that negatively
impact our ability to borrow or otherwise fund U.S. needs from existing U.S. sources. As of December 31, 2013, taxes have not been
provided on approximately $12.4 billion of accumulated foreign unremitted earnings that are expected to remain invested indefinitely.
While it remains impracticable to calculate the tax cost of repatriating our total unremitted foreign earnings, such cost could
be material to the results of operations of Corning in a particular period. 

   

 Our foreign subsidiary in Taiwan operates
under various tax holiday arrangements. The nature and extent of such arrangements vary, and the benefits of such arrangements
phase out through 2018. The impact of the tax holidays on our effective rate is a reduction in the rate of 1.2, 1.7 and 2.0 percentage
points for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 While we expect the amount of unrecognized
tax benefits to change in the next 12 months, we do not expect the change to have a significant impact on the results of operations
or our financial position. 

   

 Refer to Note 6 (Income Taxes) to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for further details regarding income tax matters. 

   

 Net Income Attributable to Corning Incorporated 

   

 As a result of the items discussed above,
net income and per share data was as follows (in millions, except per share amounts): 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                            2013 
                                                                                                                                  
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,961     
     $ 1,636     
     $ 2,817   
 
     Basic earnings per common share   
     $ 1.35     
     $ 1.10     
     $ 1.80   
 
     Diluted earnings per common share   
     $ 1.34     
     $ 1.09     
     $ 1.78   
 
     Shares used in computing per share amounts   
             
             
           
 
     Basic earnings per common share   
       1,452     
       1,494     
       1,562   
 
     Diluted earnings per common share   
       1,462     
       1,506     
       1,583   
 

   

 Core Performance Measures 

   

 In managing the Company and assessing our
financial performance, we supplement certain measures provided by our consolidated financial statements with measures adjusted
to exclude certain items, to arrive at Core Performance measures. We believe reporting Core Performance measures provides investors
greater transparency to the information used by our management team to make financial and operational decisions. Net sales, equity
in earnings of affiliated companies, and net income are adjusted to exclude the impacts of changes in the Japanese yen, the impact
of the purchased collars, average forward contracts and other yen-related transactions, acquisition-related costs, the results
of the polysilicon business of our equity affiliate Dow Corning, discrete tax items, restructuring and restructuring-related charges,
certain litigation-related expenses, pension mark-to-market adjustments, and other items which do not reflect on-going operating
results of the Company or our equity affiliates. Management discussion and analysis on our reportable segments has also been adjusted
for these items, as appropriate. These measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP). We believe investors should consider these non-GAAP measures in evaluating our results as they are more indicative of our
core operating performance and how management evaluates our operational results and trends. These measures are not, and should
not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP reporting measures. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP performance measures and a further
discussion of the measures, please see “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures” below. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     34 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Results of Operations
– Core Performance Measures 

   

 Selected highlights from our continuing operations
follow (dollars in millions): 

   

 
 
         
           
           
           
     % change   
 
         
                                                                                                                                 2013 
                                                                                                                                       
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
       13
                                            vs. 12     
       12
                                            vs. 11   
 
     Core net sales   
     $ 7,948     
     $ 7,605     
     $ 7,441     
       5     
       2   
 
     Core equity in earnings of affiliated companies   
     $ 595     
     $ 713     
     $ 1,089     
       (17 )   
       (35 ) 
 
     Core earnings attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,797     
     $ 1,595     
     $ 2,352     
       13     
       (32 ) 
 

   

 Core Net Sales 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2013, core
net sales increased by 5% when compared to the same period in 2012. Higher sales in the Display Technologies, Optical Communications
and Life Sciences segments were offset slightly by declines in the Environmental Technologies and Specialty Materials segments.
In the Display Technologies segment, volume increases in the mid-twenties in percentage terms more than offset price declines in
the mid-teens, which drove an increase in sales of $173 million, or 7%. Optical Communications sales increased by $196 million,
driven by an increase in sales of our carrier products in the amount of $163 million, largely due to the ramp-up of the fiber-to-the-premises
initiative in Australia, which increased by $28 million, an increase of $23 million in sales of wireless products and higher
sales of cable products in North America, China and Europe, up $52 million, $33 million and $26 million, respectively. Net
sales increased in the Life Sciences segment by $194 million, driven by the impact of the acquisition of the Discovery Labware
business in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the Environmental Technologies segment, while automotive product sales remained relatively
consistent with the prior year, sales of our diesel products declined by 9%. Net sales declined by $176 million in the Specialty
Materials segment, due to a 17% decline in Corning Gorilla Glass sales. 

   

 Core net sales in 2012 increased slightly
when compared to the prior year, due to sales growth in the Specialty Materials, Optical Communications and Life Sciences segments,
offset almost entirely by a decrease in sales in our Display Technologies segment due to price declines in the mid-twenties in
percentage terms. Sales in the Specialty Materials segment increased by 25% due to a $315 million increase in sales of Corning
Gorilla Glass that is used as cover glass in portable handheld display devices, tablets and notebook computers. Optical Communications
segment sales increased primarily due to sales growth in wireless and fiber-to-the-premises products. The increase in sales in
our Life Sciences segment was driven by the acquisition of the Discovery Labware business in the fourth quarter of 2012, and by
the small acquisition we completed in the fourth quarter of 2011 which produces high-quality cell culture media. 

   

 Core Equity in Earnings of Affiliated Companies 

   

 The following provides a summary of equity
in earnings of associated companies, excluding the impact of changes in the Japanese yen and the results of Dow Corning’s
consolidated subsidiary, Hemlock Semiconductor (dollars in millions): 

   

 
 
         
           
           
           
     % change   
 
         
                                                                                                                                 2013 
                                                                                                                                       
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
       
     13 vs. 12     
       
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
     $ 419     
     $ 549     
     $ 831     
       (24 )   
       (34 ) 
 
     Dow Corning   
     $ 145     
     $ 143     
     $ 222     
       1     
       (36 ) 
 
     All other   
     $ 31     
     $ 21     
     $ 36     
       48     
       (42 ) 
 
     Total equity earnings   
     $ 595     
     $ 713     
     $ 1,089     
       (17 )   
       (35 ) 
 

   
 Core equity earnings of affiliated
companies declined by 17% in the year ended December 31, 2013, when compared to the same period in 2012. Equity earnings from
Samsung Corning Precision Materials decreased by $130 million, or 24%, driven primarily by price declines in the mid-teens in
percentage terms and higher taxes due to the expiration of tax holidays in the amount of $54 million. Slightly offsetting the
decline were manufacturing improvements in the amount of $28 million. Core equity earnings from Dow Corning were relatively
consistent in the twelve months ended December 31, 2013, when compared to the same period in 2012, with lower prices and
weaker demand for silicone products in Europe and China and higher interest expense offset by a reduction in costs as a
result of restructuring actions implemented in the fourth quarter of 2012. 
   
 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED -  2013 Form 10-K 35 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Core equity earnings of affiliated companies
declined by 35% in the year ended December 31, 2012, when compared to the same period in 2011. At Samsung Corning Precision Materials,
the decrease in core equity earnings reflected substantial price declines in the mid-twenties in percentage terms, relatively consistent
volume and share loss at a key customer. At Dow Corning, core equity earnings also declined, driven by significant declines in
silicone and polycrystalline silicon prices, higher operating expenses due to an increase in pension expense, severance expense
and compensation accruals, and the unfavorable impact from movements in foreign exchange rates, offset slightly by an increase
in volume for silicone products and lower interest expense. 

   

 Core Earnings 

   

 When compared to the same period last year,
core earnings increased in the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 by $202 million, or 13%, driven by the following items: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Higher core earnings in the Optical Communications, Life Sciences, Environmental Technologies and Display Technologies segments in the amounts of $59 million, $44 million, $11 million and $7 million, respectively; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Lower operating expenses in the amount of $49 million, driven by a decrease in variable compensation and cost control measures implemented by our segments. 
 
   

 When compared to the same period in 2011,
core earnings decreased in the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 by $757 million, or 32%, driven by the following items: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Lower core earnings in the Display Technologies segment due to significant price declines at both our wholly-owned business and the segment’s equity affiliates; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Lower royalty income from our equity affiliate Samsung Corning Precision Materials due to the combination of lower sales and the reduction in the royalty rate which took effect in December 2011; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     An increase in our effective tax rate due to the following: 
 
   
 
 
     
     
 
       
     – 
     Temporary expiration of favorable U.S. tax provisions; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     The partial expiration of tax holidays in Taiwan; and 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Change in our mix of earnings. 
 
   

 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 

   

 We utilize certain financial measures and
key performance indicators that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP to assess our financial and operating performance. A
non-GAAP financial measure is defined as a numerical measure of a company’s financial performance that (i) excludes
amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts, that are included in the comparable measure calculated
and presented in accordance with GAAP in the statement of income or statement of cash flows, or (ii) includes amounts, or
is subject to adjustments that have the effect of including amounts, that are excluded from the comparable measure as calculated
and presented. 

   

 Core net sales, core equity earnings of affiliated
companies and core earnings are non-GAAP financial measures utilized by our management to analyze financial performance without
the impact of items that are driven by general economic conditions and events that do not reflect the underlying fundamentals and
trends in the Company’s operations. 

   
 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     36 
 



 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following tables reconcile our non-GAAP
financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

   

 

 
 
         
     Year
    ended December 31, 2013   
 
     (dollars
    in millions) Net sales   Equity earnings   Income before income taxes   Net income     
     Effective tax
    rate   Per share   
 
     As reported   
     $ 7,819     
     $ 547     
     $ 2,473     
     $ 1,961     
       20.7 %   
     $ 1.34   
 
     Constant-yen (1)   
       129     
       36     
       122     
       96     
             
       0.07   
 
     Purchased collars and average rate
    forwards (2)   
             
             
       (435 )   
       (287 )   
             
       (0.20 ) 
 
     Other yen-related transactions (2)   
             
             
       (99 )   
       (69 )   
             
       (0.05 ) 
 
     Hemlock Semiconductor operating results (3)   
             
       (31 )   
       (31 )   
       (30 )   
             
       (0.02 ) 
 
     Hemlock Semiconductor non-operating
    results (3)   
             
       1     
       1     
       1     
             
           
 
     Acquisition-related costs (4)   
             
             
       54     
       40     
             
       0.03   
 
     Provision for income taxes (5)   
             
             
             
       9     
             
       0.01   
 
     Asbestos settlement (6)   
             
             
       19     
       13     
             
       0.01   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other
    charges (7)   
             
             
       67     
       46     
             
       0.03   
 
     Pension mark-to-market adjustment (8)   
             
             
       (30 )   
       (17 )   
             
       (0.01 ) 
 
     Gain on change in control of equity
    investment (9)   
             
             
       (17 )   
       (12 )   
             
       (0.01 ) 
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies (10)   
             
       42     
       42     
       44     
             
       0.02   
 
     Other   
             
             
       4     
       2     
             
           
 
     Core
    performance measures   
     $ 7,948     
     $ 595     
     $ 2,170     
     $ 1,797     
       17.2 %   
     $ 1.23   
 
   
 
 
         
     Year ended December 31, 2012   
 
     (dollars in millions) Net sales   Equity earnings   Income before income taxes   Net  income   Effective tax rate   Per share   
 
     As reported *   
     $ 8,012     
     $ 810     
     $ 1,975     
     $ 1,636     
       17.2 %   
     $ 1.09   
 
     Constant-yen (1)   
       (407 )   
       (167 )   
       (434 )   
       (353 )   
             
       (0.23 ) 
 
     Other yen-related transactions (2)   
             
             
       (22 )   
       (16 )   
             
       (0.01 ) 
 
     Hemlock Semiconductor operating results (3)   
             
       (25 )   
       (25 )   
       (23 )   
             
       (0.02 ) 
 
     Hemlock Semiconductor non-operating results (3)   
             
       77     
       77     
       72     
             
       0.05   
 
     Acquisition-related costs (4)   
             
             
       24     
       16     
             
       0.01   
 
     Provision for income taxes (5)   
             
             
             
       41     
             
       0.03   
 
     Asbestos settlement (6)   
             
             
       14     
       9     
             
       0.01   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges (7)   
             
             
       133     
       91     
             
       0.06   
 
     Pension mark-to-market adjustment (8)   
             
             
       217     
       140     
             
       0.09   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies (10)   
             
       18     
       18     
       17     
             
       0.01   

 
     Loss on repurchase of debt (11)   
             
             
       26     
       17     
             
       0.01   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (12)   
             
             
       (52 )   
       (52 )   
             
       (0.03 ) 
 
     Core performance measures*   
     $ 7,605     
     $ 713     
     $ 1,951     
     $ 1,595     
       18.2 %   
     $ 1.06   
 

   
 
 
     * 
     Includes impact of defined
    benefit pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     37 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
         
     Year ended December 31, 2011   
 
     (dollars in millions) Net sales   Equity earnings   Income before income taxes   Net  income   Effective tax rate   Per share   
 
     As reported*   
     $ 7,890     
     $ 1,471     
     $ 3,231     
     $ 2,817     
       12.8 %   
     $ 1.78   
 
     Constant-yen (1)   
       (449 )   
       (200 )   
       (526 )   
       (428 )   
             
       (0.27 ) 
 
     Other yen-related transactions (2)   
             
             
       45     
       33     
             
       0.02   
 
     Hemlock Semiconductor operating results (3)   
             
       (102 )   
       (102 )   
       (94 )   
             
       (0.06 ) 
 
     Hemlock Semiconductor non-operating results (3)   
             
       (80 )   
       (80 )   
       (74 )   
             
       (0.05 ) 
 
     Provision for income taxes (5)   
             
             
             
       (13 )   
             
       (0.01 ) 
 
     Asbestos settlement (6)   
             
             
       24     
       14     
             
       0.01   
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
             
       130     
       83     
             
       0.05   
 
     Pension mark-to-market adjustment (8)   
             
             
       64     
       41     
             
       0.03   
 
     Contingent liability adjustment (13)   
             
             
       (27 )   
       (27 )   
             
       (0.02 ) 
 
     Core performance measures*   
     $ 7,441     
     $ 1,089     
     $ 2,759     
     $ 2,352     
       14.8 %   
     $ 1.49   
 

   
 
 
     * 
     Includes impact of defined benefit
    pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods.  
 
   
 Items which we exclude from GAAP measures
to arrive at Core Performance measures are as follows: 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Constant-yen: Because a significant portion
    of Corning’s LCD glass business revenues and manufacturing costs are denominated in Japanese yen, management believes
    it is important to understand the impact on core earnings from translating yen into dollars. Presenting results on a constant-yen
    basis eliminates the translation impact of the Japanese yen, and allows management to evaluate performance period over period,
    analyze underlying trends in our businesses, and to establish operational goals and forecasts. We use an internally derived
    management rate of ¥93, which is closely aligned to our yen portfolio of purchased collars, and have restated all years
    presented based on this rate in order to effectively remove the impact of changes in the Japanese yen. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Purchased collars, average forward contracts
    and other yen-related transactions: We have excluded the impact of our purchased collars, average forward contracts, and other
    yen-related transactions for each period presented. By aligning an internally derived rate with our portfolio of purchased
    collars and average forward contracts, and excluding other yen-related transactions and the constant-yen adjustments, we have
    effectively eliminated the impact of changes in the Japanese yen on our results. 
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     Results of Dow Corning’s consolidated
    subsidiary, Hemlock Semiconductor: We are excluding the results of Dow Corning’s consolidated subsidiary, Hemlock Semiconductor,
    a producer of polycrystalline silicon, to remove the operating and non-operating items and events which have caused severe
    unpredictability and instability in earnings over the past eighteen months, and are expected to continue in the future. These
    events are being primarily driven by the macro-economic environment. Specifically, the negative impact of the determination
    by MOFCOM, which imposes provisional anti-dumping duties on solar-grade polysilicon imports from the United States, and the
    impact of asset write-offs, offset by the benefit of large payments required under Hemlock customers’ “take-or-pay”
    contracts, are events that are unrelated to Dow Corning’s core operations, and that have, or could have, significant
    impacts to this business. 
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     Acquisition-related costs: These expenses
    include intangible amortization, inventory valuation adjustments and external acquisition-related deal costs. 
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     Provision for income taxes: This represents
    the removal of discrete adjustments attributable to changes in tax law and changes in judgment about the realizability of
    certain deferred tax assets. This item also includes the income tax effects of adjusting from a GAAP tax rate to a core earnings
    tax rate. 
 
       
       
 
     (6) 
     Certain litigation-related charges: These
    adjustments relate to the Pittsburgh Corning Corporation (PCC) asbestos litigation. 
 
       
       
 
     (7) 
     Restructuring, impairments, and other charges. 
 
       
       

 
     (8) 
     Pension mark-to-market adjustment: Mark-to-market pension gains and losses,
    which arise from changes in actuarial assumptions and the difference between actual and expected returns on plan assets and
    discount rates. In accordance with GAAP, Corning recognizes pension actuarial gains and losses outside of the corridor, where
    the corridor is equal to 10% of the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets at the beginning
    of the year, for our defined benefit pension plans annually in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever a plan is remeasured
    or valuation estimates are finalized. Actuarial gains and losses occur when actual experience differs from the estimates used
    to allocate the change in value of pension plans to expense throughout the year or when assumptions change, as they may each
    year. Significant factors that can contribute to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses include changes in discount
    rates, differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets, and other changes in actuarial assumptions such as
    life expectancy of plan participants. Management believes that pension actuarial gains and losses are primarily financing
    activities that are more reflective of changes in current conditions in global financial markets, and are not directly related
    to the underlying performance of our businesses. For further information on the actuarial assumptions and plan assets referenced
    above, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under Critical Accounting
    Estimates – Employee Retirement Plans, and Note 13, Employee Retirement Plans, of Notes to the Consolidated Financial
    Statements. 
 
       
       
 
     (9) 
     Gain on change in control of equity investment: Adjustment of the gain as
    a result of certain changes to the shareholder agreement of an equity company occurring in the second quarter of 2013, resulting
    in Corning having a controlling interest that requires consolidation of this investment.  
 
       
       
 
     (10) 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies: These adjustments relate to
    items which do not reflect expected on-going operating results of our affiliated companies, such as restructuring, impairment
    and other charges and settlements under “take-or-pay” contracts. 
 
       
       
 
     (11) 
     Loss on repurchase of debt: In 2012, Corning recorded a loss on the repurchase
    of $13 million of our 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021, $11 million of our 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2016, and
    $51 million of our 6.75% senior unsecured notes due 2013. 
 
       
       
 
     (12) 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income: In 2012, Corning recorded a translation
    capital gain on the liquidation of a foreign subsidiary. 
 
       
       
 
     (13) 
     Contingent liability adjustment: In 2011, Corning recognized a credit resulting
    from a reduction to a contingent liability associated with an acquisition recorded in the first quarter of 2011. 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     38 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Reportable Segments 



   

 Our reportable segments are as follows: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Display Technologies – manufactures glass substrates for flat panel liquid crystal displays. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Optical Communications – manufactures carrier network and enterprise network components for the telecommunications industry. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Environmental Technologies – manufactures ceramic substrates and filters for automotive and diesel applications.  
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Specialty Materials – manufactures products that provide more than 150 material formulations for glass, glass ceramics and fluoride crystals to meet demand for unique customer needs. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Life Sciences – manufactures glass and plastic labware, equipment, media and reagents to provide workflow solutions for scientific applications. 
 
   

 All other reportable segments that do not
meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting have been grouped as “All Other”. This group is primarily comprised
of development projects and results for new product lines. 

   

 We prepared the financial results for our
segments on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which we internally disaggregate financial information to assist in making
internal operating decisions. We included the earnings of equity affiliates that are closely associated with our reportable segments
in the respective segment’s net income. We have allocated certain common expenses among our reportable segments differently
than we would for stand-alone financial information. Segment net income may not be consistent with measures used by other companies.
The accounting policies of our reportable segments are the same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Display Technologies 

   

 
 
         
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     As Reported*  (dollars in millions)   
                                                                                                                                                                                    2013 
                                                                                                                                                                                          
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
     $ 2,545     
     $ 2,909     
     $ 3,145     
       (13 )   
       (8 ) 
 
     Equity earnings of affiliated companies   
     $ 357     
     $ 692     
     $ 1,027     
       (48 )   
       (33 ) 
 
     Net income   
     $ 1,267     
     $ 1,589     
     $ 2,346     
       (20 )   
       (32 ) 
 

   
 
 
         
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     Core Performance*  (dollars in millions)   
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2013 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
     $ 2,674     
     $ 2,501     
     $ 2,695     
       7     
       (7 ) 
 
     Equity earnings of affiliated companies   
     $ 420     
     $ 544     
     $ 825     
       (23 )   
       (34 ) 
 
     Net income   
     $ 1,253     
     $ 1,246     
     $ 1,935     
       1     
       (36 ) 
 

   
 
 
     * 
     Includes impact of defined
    benefit pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     39 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP
financial measures for the Display Technologies segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP (in millions).
See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Operations
– Core Performance Measures, “Items which we exclude from GAAP measures to arrive at Core Performance measures”
for an explanation of the reconciling items. 

   

 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2013   Year ended December 31, 2012   Year ended December 31, 2011 
 
     (in millions) Sales     
     Equity earnings     
     Net
    income   Sales     
     Equity earnings     
     Net
    income   Sales     
     Equity earnings     
     Net
    income   
 
     As reported   
     $ 2,545     
     $ 357     
     $ 1,267   
     $ 2,909     
     $ 692     
     $ 1,589     
     $ 3,145     
     $ 1,027     
     $ 2,346   
 
     Constant-yen (1)   
       129     
       35     
       99     
       (408 )   
       (166 )   
       (380 )   
       (450 )   
       (202 )   
       (454 ) 
 
     Purchased collars (2)   
             
             
       (90 )   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Other yen-related transactions (2)   
             
             
       (67 )   
             
             
       (15 )   
             
             
       33   
 
     Acquisition-related costs (4)   
             
             
       8     
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Provision for income taxes (5)   
             
             
       10     
             
             
             
             
             
       7   
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
             
       6     
             
             
       17     
             
             
           
 
     Pension mark-to-market (8)   
             
             
       (8 )   
             
             
       17     
             
             
       3   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated 
companies (10)   
             
       28     
       28     
             
       18     
       18     
             
             
           
 
     Core
    performance   
     $ 2,674     
     $ 420     
     $ 1,253     
     $ 2,501     
     $ 544     
     $ 1,246     
     $ 2,695     
     $ 825     
     $ 1,935   
 

   

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 In 2013, our Display Technologies segment
regained positive momentum, as demonstrated by the increase in core net sales of 7%, when compared to core net sales in 2012, which
declined by 7% when compared to 2011. During 2013, volume improvements in the mid-twenties in percentage terms more than outpaced
price declines in the mid-teens. The increase in volume was driven by higher sales of larger-sized LCD televisions, defined as
greater than 40 inches, which increased by nearly 100% in 2013, and higher sales in mobile computing products, including tablets
and smart phones. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2013, we renewed the agreements with key customers that we had announced
in the fourth quarter of 2012, which stabilize Corning’s share at each of the customers and maintain a fixed relationship
between Corning’s pricing and competitive pricing at that customer. 

   

 When compared to 2012, the decrease in core
equity earnings from Samsung Corning Precision Materials in 2013 reflected relatively consistent volume and price declines in the
mid-teens in percentage terms. Manufacturing improvements in the amount of $28 million were more than offset by higher taxes in
the amount of $54 million, driven by the partial expiration of a Korean tax holiday. 

   

 When compared to 2012, the increase
in core net income in the Display Technologies segment in 2013 reflects an increase in volume in the mid-twenties in
percentage terms and the impact of cost reduction programs, partially offset by price declines in the mid-teens in percentage
terms and the impact of lower equity earnings. 

   


 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     40 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 The decrease in core net sales in 2012, when
compared to 2011, reflects price declines in the mid-twenties in percentage terms which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2011
and the first quarter of 2012 for the six month period, driven by customer and competitive pressures associated with share shifts
at several major customers in a period of excess glass supply. Sequential price declines became much more moderate in the second
and third quarters of 2012, reflecting a better matching of supply and demand for glass, and more stable levels of inventory in
the LCD supply chain. In the third and fourth quarter of 2012, Corning entered into new supply agreements with key customers. These
agreements were intended to stabilize Corning’s share at each of the customers and maintain a fixed relationship between
Corning’s pricing and competitive pricing for such customer. Fourth quarter sequential prices declined in the mid-single
digit percentage, slightly higher than the prior two quarters, due to some initial adjustments to line up Corning’s prior
pricing with the requirements of these new agreements. Retail demand for larger-sized LCD televisions drove an increase in volume in
the low-twenties in percentage terms in our wholly-owned business in 2012, when compared to the prior year, and slightly offset
the price declines described above. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact net sales of this segment. 

   

 The decrease in core equity earnings from
our Display Technologies equity affiliates in 2012, when compared to 2011, reflected substantial price declines in the mid-twenties
in percentage terms, driven by the circumstances described above, relatively consistent volume and share loss at a key customer. 

   

 When compared to 2011, the decrease in core
net income in 2012 reflects the impact of price declines described above at both our wholly-owned business and the segment’s
equity affiliates and a reduction in royalty income, partially offset by an increase in volume in the low-twenties in percentage
terms at our wholly-owned business. 

   

 A number of Corning’s patents and know-how
are licensed to Samsung Corning Precision Materials, as well as to third parties, which generates royalty income. Royalty income
from Samsung Corning Precision Materials decreased significantly in 2012, when compared to 2011, reflecting a decrease in the applicable
royalty rate, coupled with a decline in sales volume at Samsung Corning Precision Materials. In December 2011, the applicable royalty
rate was reduced for a five-year period by approximately 50% compared to the prior five years. Refer to Note 7 (Investments) to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about related party transactions. 

   

 Other Information 

   

 The Display Technologies segment has a concentrated
customer base comprised of LCD panel and color filter makers primarily located in Japan, China and Taiwan. In 2013, four customers
of the Display Technologies segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for a combined
94% of total segment sales. In 2012, three customers of the Display Technologies segment, which individually accounted for more
than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for a combined 63% of total segment sales. For 2011, four customers of the Display Technologies
segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for 77% of total segment sales. Our customers
face the same global economic dynamics as we do in this market. Our near-term sales and profitability would be impacted if any
of these significant customers were unable to continue to purchase our products. 

   

 In addition, Samsung Corning Precision Materials’
sales are concentrated across a small number of its customers. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, sales to two LCD panel makers located in
Korea accounted for approximately 93% of Samsung Corning Precision Materials sales in each of those three years. 

   

 Corning has invested heavily to expand capacity
to meet the projected demand for LCD glass substrates. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, capital spending in this segment was approximately
$350 million, $850 million and $1.3 billion, respectively. We expect capital spending for 2014 to be approximately $600 million. 

   

 Outlook: 

   

 Corning anticipates another year of growth
in the LCD glass market in 2014, with retail demand up mid-to-high single digits in percentage terms, as measured in square feet.
We believe that supply chain inventory levels remain healthy and industry glass supply appears aligned with overall demand. 

   

 In the first quarter of 2014, Corning anticipates
that glass volume in its Display Technologies segment will be down slightly sequentially, in line with normal seasonality. The
company expects LCD glass price declines to be higher than previous quarters. The price declines are not related to the SCP acquisition
or a result of recent supply contract renewals. The company expects that price declines will return to moderate levels after the
first quarter. 
   
 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     41 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 The end market demand for LCD televisions,
monitors and notebooks is dependent on consumer retail spending, among other things. We are cautious about the potential negative
impacts that economic conditions, particularly a global economic recession, excess market capacity and world political tensions
could have on consumer demand. While the industry has grown rapidly in recent years, economic volatility along with consumer preferences
for panels of differing sizes, prices, or other factors may lead to pauses in market growth. Therefore, it is possible that glass
manufacturing capacity may exceed demand from time to time. We may incur further charges in this segment to reduce our workforce
and consolidate capacity. 

   

 Optical Communications 

   

 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     As Reported*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales:   
       
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Carrier network   
       
     $ 1,782     
     $ 1,619     
     $ 1,556     
       10     
       4   
 
     Enterprise network   
       
       544     
       511     
       516     
       6     
       (1 ) 
 
     Total net sales   
       
     $ 2,326     
     $ 2,130     
     $ 2,072     
       9     
       3   
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 199     
     $ 146     
     $ 194     
       36     
       (25 ) 
 
   
 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     Core Performance*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales:   
       
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Carrier network   
       
     $ 1,782     
     $ 1,619     
     $ 1,556     
       10     
       4   
 
     Enterprise network   
       
       544     
       511     
       516     
       6     
       (1 ) 
 
     Total net sales   
       
     $ 2,326     
     $ 2,130     
     $ 2,072     
       9     
       3   
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 196     
     $ 137     
     $ 168     
       43     
       (18 ) 
 

 
 * Includes impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology
change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 

   

 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP
financial measures for the Optical Communications segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP (in
millions). See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of
Operations – Core Performance Measures, “Items which we exclude from GAAP measures to arrive at Core Performance measures”
for an explanation of the reconciling items. 

   

 
 
         
     Year ended December 31, 2013   
     Year ended December 31, 2012   
     Year ended December 31, 2011 
 
     (in millions)   
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net 
 income     
     Sales     
     Net income   
 
     As reported   
     $ 2,326     
     $ 199     
     $ 2,130     
     $ 146     
     $ 2,072     
     $ 194   
 
     Acquisition-related costs (4)   
             
       9     
             
       1     
             
           
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
       8     
             
       31     
             
           
 
     Pension mark-to-market (8)   
             
       (9 )   
             
       11     
             
       1   
 
     Gain on change in control (9)   
             
       (11 )   
             
             
             
           
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive 
income (12)   
             
             
             
       (52 )   
             
           
 
     Contingent liability adjustment (13)   
             
             
             
             
             
       (27 ) 
 
     Core performance   
     $ 2,326     
     $ 196     
     $ 2,130     
     $ 137     
     $ 2,072     
     $ 168   
 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 42 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 In 2013, core net sales of the Optical Communications
segment increased when compared to 2012, driven by an increase of $163 million in the carrier network market. Driving the growth
in carrier network products are the following items: 

   

 
 • The ramp-up of the fiber-to-the-premises initiative in
Australia, which increased sales by $28 million; 
       
     
 
 • An increase of $23 million
in sales of wireless products; 
 
     
 
 • Higher sales of cable
products in North America, China and Europe, up $52 million, $33 million and $26 million, respectively; 
 
     
 
 • The impact of a small
acquisition and the consolidation of an investment due to a change in control, which added approximately $53 million in 2013;
and 
 
     
 
 • Offsetting the increase
in sales of carrier network products in 2013 was a decline in sales of optical fiber, driven by lower demand for single-mode fiber
in China, Europe and North America. 
 


   

 Sales in the enterprise network market increased
by $33 million in the year ended 2013, when compared to 2012, driven by higher sales of data center products in North America. 

   

 The increase in core net income in 2013
when compared to 2012 reflects an increase in volume in carrier and enterprise network products, improved manufacturing performance
and the implementation of strong spending controls and cost reduction initiatives, offset by lower volume in optical fiber, lower
price and a less favorable mix of products sales in 2013. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact the
results of this segment. 

   

 The Optical Communications segment has a
concentrated customer base. In the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, one customer, which individually accounted for
more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for 10%, 12% and 12%, respectively, of total segment net sales. 

   

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 Core net sales for the segment were up slightly
when compared to 2011, due to increased demand for our carrier network products, driven by an increase in optical fiber and cable
in China in the amount of $82 million, an increase of $42 million for fiber-to-the-premises products in Australia, and an increase
in wireless products of $26 million. This growth was offset somewhat by a decline in sales of $28 million for legacy copper products.
The impact of foreign exchange rate movements on net sales of this segment was not significant (approximately 1%). 

   

 The decrease in core net income in 2012
reflects the impact of lower sales of premium fiber products, an increase in research and development expenses and an increase
in project spending. Somewhat offsetting the decrease in core net income was the partial reversal of a warranty reserve related
to our fiber-to-the-premises and fiber optic cable products in the pre-tax amount of $10 million, recorded in the third quarter
of 2012. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact core net income of this segment. 

   

 Outlook: 

   

 We anticipate sales growth to be in the
mid-teens in percentage terms in the Optical Communications segment in the first quarter of 2014, when compared to the same period
last year. 

   

 Changes in our customers’ expected
deployment plans, or additional reductions in their inventory levels of fiber-to-the-premises products, could also affect sales
levels. Should these plans not occur at the pace anticipated, our sales and earnings would be adversely affected. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 43 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Environmental Technologies 

   

 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     As Reported*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales:   
       
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Automotive   
       
     $ 485     
     $ 486     
     $ 476     
             
       2   
 
     Diesel   
       
       434     
       478     
       522     
       (9 )   
       (8 ) 
 
     Total net sales   
       
     $ 919     
     $ 964     
     $ 998     
       (5 )   
       (3 ) 
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 132     
     $ 112     
     $ 119     
       18     
       (6 ) 
 

   
 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     Core Performance*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales:   
       
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Automotive   
       
     $ 485     
     $ 486     
     $ 476     
             
       2   
 
     Diesel   
       
       434     
       478     
       522     
       (9 )   
       (8 ) 
 
     Total net sales   
       
     $ 919     
     $ 964     
     $ 998     
       (5 )   
       (3 ) 
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 130     
     $ 119     
     $ 121     
       9     
       (2 ) 
 

 
 * Includes impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology
change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 

   

 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP
financial measures for the Environmental Technologies segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP
(in millions). See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results
of Operations – Core Performance Measures, “Items which we exclude from GAAP measures to arrive at Core Performance
measures” for an explanation of the reconciling items. 

   

 
 
         
     Year ended  December 31, 2013   
     Year ended December 31, 2012   
     Year ended December 31, 2011 
 
     (in millions)   
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net income   
 
     As reported   
     $ 919     
     $ 132     
     $ 964     
     $ 112     
     $ 998     
     $ 119   
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
       1     
             
       2     
             
           
 
     Pension mark-to-market (8)   
             
       (3 )   
             
       5     
             
       2   
 
     Core performance   
     $ 919     
     $ 130     
     $ 964     
     $ 119     
     $ 998     
     $ 121   
 

   

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 When compared to 2012, core net sales in
the Environmental Technologies segment decreased in 2013, due to lower sales of light duty diesel filters and heavy duty diesel
products. Demand for light duty diesel vehicles which use our filters declined due to weak economic conditions in Europe. Heavy
duty diesel product sales were lower due to the decline in the production of Class 8 vehicles in North America. Net sales of this
segment in 2013 were not materially impacted by movements in foreign exchange rates when compared to 2012. 

   

 Although core net sales declined in 2013
when compared to 2012, core net income increased by 9%, driven by significantly improved manufacturing performance for our automotive
and heavy duty diesel products, and lower operating expenses. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact
the results of this segment in the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 44 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The Environmental Technologies segment sells
to a concentrated customer base of catalyzer and emission control systems manufacturers, who then sell to automotive and diesel
engine manufacturers. Although our sales are to the emission control systems manufacturers, the use of our substrates and filters
is generally required by the specifications of the automotive and diesel vehicle or engine manufacturers. For 2013, 2012, and
2011, net sales to three customers, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment sales, accounted for 87%, 86% and
85%, respectively, of total segment sales. While we are not aware of any significant customer credit issues with our direct customers,
our near-term sales and profitability would be impacted if any individual customers were unable to continue to purchase our products. 

   

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 Core net sales of this segment decreased
in 2012 when compared to 2011, due to a decline in net sales of our diesel products. The impact of movements in foreign exchange
rates on net sales of this segment was not significant (approximately 3%). Although sales of light duty diesel products decreased
due to a decline in demand for vehicles in Europe requiring light duty diesel filters, sales of our heavy duty diesel products
increased 8% in 2012, partially offsetting the decrease in light duty diesel sales. During the latter half of 2012, however, the
rate of growth of heavy duty products declined, driven by a slowing of Class 8 truck orders in North America. Sales of our automotive
products increased in 2012, when compared to 2011, on continued growth in worldwide automotive production, led by growth in North
America. 

   

 Core net income in 2012 decreased slightly,
driven by a decrease in sales of light duty diesel products, offset somewhat by an increase in heavy duty diesel volume, improved
manufacturing performance and a decrease in air freight costs, when compared to the same period last year. Movements in foreign
exchange rates did not have a significant impact on the comparability of core net income for the periods presented. 

   

 Outlook: 

   

 We anticipate that sales in the first quarter
of 2014 will increase by mid-single digits in percentage terms when compared to the first quarter of 2013, driven by improvements
in heavy-duty diesel products in China and Europe. 

   

 Specialty Materials 

   

 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     As Reported*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
       
     $ 1,170     
     $ 1,346     
     $ 1,074     
       (13 )   
       25   
 
     Net income (loss)   
       
     $ 187     
     $ 137     
     $ (36 )   
       36     
       **   
 

   
 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     Core Performance*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
       
     $ 1,170     
     $ 1,346     
     $ 1,074     
       (13 )   
       25   
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 196     
     $ 201     
     $ 74     
       (2 )   
       172   
 

 
 * Includes impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology
change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
       
     
 
 ** The percentage
change calculation is not meaningful. 
 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 45 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP
financial measures for the Specialty Materials segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP (in millions).
See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Operations
– Core Performance Measures, “Items which we exclude from GAAP measures to arrive at Core Performance measures”
for an explanation of the reconciling items. 

   

 
 
         
     Year ended December 31, 2013   
     Year ended December 31, 2012   
     Year ended December 31, 2011 
 
     (in millions)   
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net income   
 
     As reported   
     $ 1,170     
     $ 187     
     $ 1,346     
     $ 137     
     $ 1,074     
     $ (36 ) 
 
     Constant-yen (1)   
             
       (2 )   
             
       25     
             
       26   
 
     Acquisition-related costs (4)   
             
       1     
             
             
             
           
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
       12     
             
       33     
             
       83   
 
     Pension mark-to-market (8)   
             
       (2 )   
             
       6     
             
       1   
 
     Core performance   
     $ 1,170     
     $ 196     
     $ 1,346     
     $ 201     
     $ 1,074     
     $ 74   
 



   

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 The Specialty Materials segment
manufactures products that provide more than 150 material formulations for glass, glass ceramics and fluoride crystals to
meet demand for unique customer needs. Consequently, this segment operates in a wide variety of commercial and industrial
markets that include display optics and components, semiconductor optics components, aerospace and defense, astronomy,
ophthalmic products, telecommunications components and a protective cover glass that is optimized for portable display
devices and televisions. 

   

 Core net sales for the year ended December
31, 2013 decreased in the Specialty Materials segment when compared to 2012, due to a 17% decline in sales of Corning Gorilla
Glass. Although retail demand for products using our Corning Gorilla Glass has increased in 2013, supply chain variability, during
which we experienced robust sales of this glass in the latter half of 2012, resulted in a supply chain contraction throughout
2013. Advanced optics products sales increased slightly in the year ended December 31, 2013, driven by the beginning of a business
recovery. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact core net sales of this reportable segment in the twelve
months ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 Although core net sales declined by 13%
in the year ended December 31, 2013, core net income decreased by only 2%, when compared to 2012, due to strong cost controls,
manufacturing cost reduction initiatives and the beginning of the advanced optics products business recovery, which partially
offset the lower sales of Corning Gorilla Glass. Core net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 was not significantly
impacted from movements in foreign exchange rates when compared to the same period in 2012. 

   

 For 2013, three customers of the Specialty
Materials segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment sales, accounted for 47% of total segment sales.
For 2012, two customers of the Specialty Materials segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment sales, accounted
for 54% of total segment sales. For 2011, two customers of the Specialty Materials segment, which individually accounted for more
than 10% of segment sales, accounted for 42% of total segment sales. 

   

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 Core net sales in 2012 increased in the
Specialty Materials segment when compared to the same period in 2011, driven by a significant increase in sales volume of
Corning Gorilla Glass. Sales of Corning Gorilla Glass have continued to increase due to a combination of strong retail demand
for handheld display devices, tablets and notebook computers, and an increase in usage of our glass on these devices.
Moderate price declines for Corning Gorilla Glass and lower sales of our advanced optics products partially offset the
increase in net sales. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact net sales of this reportable segment
in 2012. 

   

 When compared to the same period last year,
the increase in core net income in 2012 was driven by the increase in sales of Corning Gorilla Glass, combined with increased
manufacturing efficiency and the absence of large cover glass start-up and tank conversion costs incurred in 2011. Net income
was not significantly impacted from movements in foreign exchange rates when compared to the same period in 2011. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 46 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Outlook: 

   

 In the first quarter of 2014, we expect
sales to decline in the mid-single digits in percentage terms, when compared to the same period last year. In 2014, the Company
expects its Gorilla Glass volume to increase when compared to 2013, and to be more in line with overall industry consumption of
glass for devices. 

   

 Life Sciences 

   

 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     As Reported*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
       
     $ 851     
     $ 657     
     $ 595     
       30     
       10   
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 71     
     $ 28     
     $ 60     
       154     
       (53 ) 
 

   
 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     Core Performance*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
       
     $ 851     
     $ 657     
     $ 595     
       30     
       10   
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 92     
     $ 48     
     $ 61     
       92     
       (21 ) 
 

 
 * Includes impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology
change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 

   

 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP
financial measures for the Life Sciences segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP (in millions).
See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Operations
– Core Performance Measures, “Items which we exclude from GAAP measures to arrive at Core Performance measures”
for an explanation of the reconciling items. 

   

 
 
         
     Year ended December 31, 2013   
     Year ended December 31, 2012   
     Year ended December 31, 2011 
 
     (in millions)   
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net 
income     
     Sales     
     Net income   
 
     As reported   
     $ 851     
     $ 71     
     $ 657     
     $ 28     
     $ 595     
     $ 60   
 
     Acquisition-related costs (4)   
             
       21     
             
       15     
             
           
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
       3     
             
       1     
             
           
 
     Pension mark-to-market (8)   
             
       (3 )   
             
       4     
             
       1   
 
     Core performance   
     $ 851     
     $ 92     
     $ 657     
     $ 48     
     $ 595     
     $ 61   
 

   

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 Core net sales for the year ended December
31, 2013 increased when compared to the same period last year, due to the impact of the acquisition of the Discovery Labware business
completed in the fourth quarter of 2012, which increased net sales by $192 million. Net sales of the segment’s existing
lines remained relatively consistent. Net sales in the year ended December 31, 2013 were not significantly impacted by movements
in foreign exchange rates when compared to the same periods last year. 

   

 When compared to the same period in 2012,
core net income in the year ended December 31, 2013 increased substantially, driven by the impact of the Discovery Labware acquisition
in the amount of $38 million. Movements in foreign exchange rates did not significantly impact the results of this segment in
the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 For 2013, 2012 and 2011, two customers in
the Life Sciences segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of total segment net sales, collectively accounted for
44%, 38% and 39% respectively, of total segment sales. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 47 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 Core net sales in 2012 increased due to
the impact of the acquisition of the majority of the Discovery Labware business, which was completed in the fourth quarter of
2012, and a small acquisition completed in the fourth quarter of 2011, as well as a slight increase in the segment’s existing
product lines. The acquisitions support the Company’s strategy to expand Corning’s portfolio of life sciences products
and enhance global customer access in this business, and accounted for $65 million of the increase in sales in 2012 when compared
to 2011. The negative impact of foreign exchange rate movements partially offset the increase in sales. 

   

 The decrease in core net income in 2012
reflects the impact of higher raw materials costs and operating expenses in the amount of $22 million related to the acquisition
of a majority of the Discovery Labware business, which more than offset the favorable impact of the increase in net sales. Core
net income in 2012 was not significantly impacted by movements in foreign exchange rates when compared to the same period in 2011. 

   

 Outlook: 

   

 Sales in the Life Sciences segment are expected
to remain relatively consistent in the first quarter of 2014, when compared to the same period in 2013. 

   

 All Other 

   

 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     As Reported*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
       
     $ 8     
     $ 6     
     $ 6     
       33     
           
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       
     $ 116     
     $ 123     
     $ 97     
       (6 )   
       27   
 
     Equity earnings of affiliated companies   
       
     $ (24 )   
     $ 17     
     $ 15     
       **     
       13   
 
     Net loss   
       
     $ (163 )   
     $ (98 )   
     $ (78 )   
       66     
       26   
 

   
 
 
         
       
           
           
           
     % change   
 
     Core Performance*  (dollars in millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     13 vs. 12     
     12 vs. 11   
 
     Net sales   
       
     $ 8     
     $ 6     
     $ 6     
       33     
           
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       
     $ 116     
     $ 123     
     $ 97     
       (6 )   
       27   
 
     Equity earnings of affiliated companies   
       
     $ 12     
     $ 17     
     $ 15     
       (29 )   
       13   
 
     Net loss   
       
     $ (122 )   
     $ (98 )   
     $ (78 )   
       24     
       26   
 

 
 * Includes impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology
change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
       
     
 
 ** The percentage
change calculation is not meaningful. 
 

   

 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP
financial measures for the All Other segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP (in millions). See
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Operations –
Core Performance Measures, “Items which we exclude from GAAP measures to arrive at Core Performance measures” for
an explanation of the reconciling items. 

   

 
 
         
     Year ended December 31, 2013   
 
     (in millions)   
     Sales 
           
     Equity 
earnings 
         
     Net 
income 
       
 
     As reported   
     $ 8     
     $ (24 )   
     $ (163 ) 
 
     Restructuring, impairment, and other charges (7)   
             
       36     
       41   
 
     Core performance   
     $ 8     
     $ 12     
     $ (122 ) 
 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 48 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 All Other includes all other segments that
do not meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting. This group is primarily comprised of development projects that
involve the use of various technologies for new products such as advanced flow reactors, thin-film photovoltaics and adjacency
businesses in pursuit of thin, strong glass. This segment also includes results for certain corporate investments such as Samsung
Corning Precision Materials’ non-LCD glass businesses, Eurokera and Keraglass equity affiliates, which manufacture smooth
cooktop glass/ceramic products, and Corsam Technologies LLC (Corsam), an equity affiliate established between Corning and Samsung
Corning Precision Materials to provide glass technology research. Refer to Note 7 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information about Samsung Corning Precision Materials and related party transactions. 

   

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 The increase in segment net loss in
2013 when compared to 2012 was driven by the write-down of assets to their fair value in the amount of $36 million in Samsung
Corning Precision Materials’ non-LCD glass business, the absence of the 2012 gain on the sale of assets in Samsung
Corning Precision Materials’ non-LCD glass business, and restructuring costs of $5 million associated with our
global restructuring program implemented in the fourth quarter of 2013, partially offset by lower research, development and
engineering expenses on development projects. The increase in core net loss in 2013 reflects the absence of the 2012 gain on
the sale of assets in Samsung Corning Precision Materials’ non-LCD glass business and a decline in
research, development and engineering expenses for development projects. 

   

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 The results of this segment for the year
ended 2012, when compared to the same period last year, reflect an increase in research, development and engineering expenses
for development projects, offset by a gain on the sale of assets in Samsung Corning Precision Materials’ non-LCD glass business. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Financing and Capital Structure 

   

 The following items impacted Corning’s
financing and capital structure during 2013 and 2012: 

   

 2013 

   

 
 • In the first quarter of 2013, we amended and restated our
existing revolving credit facility. The amended facility provides a $1.0 billion unsecured multi-currency line of credit that
expires in March 2018. The facility includes a leverage test (debt to capital ratio) financial covenant. At December 31, 2013,
our leverage using this measure was 13.4%, and we are in compliance with the financial covenant. The proceeds of this credit facility
may be used for general corporate purposes, including support for our commercial paper program. 
       
     
 
 • In the first quarter of
2013, Corning repaid the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding on the credit facility entered into in the
second quarter of 2011 that allowed Corning to borrow up to Chinese Renminbi (RMB) 4.0 billion. The total amount repaid was approximately
$500 million. Upon repayment, this facility was terminated. 
 
     
 
 • In the second quarter
of 2013, the Company established a commercial paper program on a private placement basis, pursuant to which we may issue short-term,
unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion. Under this
program, the Company may issue the notes from time to time and will use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The maturities
of the notes will vary, but may not exceed 390 days from the date of issue. The interest rates will vary based on market conditions
and the ratings assigned to the notes by credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. The Company’s $1 billion revolving
credit facility is available to support obligations under the commercial paper program, if needed. At December 31, 2013, we did
not have any outstanding commercial paper. 
 
     
 
 • In the fourth quarter
of 2013, we issued $250 million of 3.70% senior unsecured notes that mature on November 15, 2023. The net proceeds of approximately
$248 million were used for general corporate purposes. 
 
     
 
 • In the fourth quarter
of 2013, we recorded a financing obligation in the approximate amount of $230 million for a new LCD glass substrate facility in
China. 
 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 49 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 2012 

   

 
 • In the first quarter of 2012, we issued $500 million of
4.75% senior unsecured notes that mature on March 15, 2042 and $250 million of 4.70% senior unsecured notes that mature on March
15, 2037. The net proceeds of $742 million were used for general corporate purposes. 
       
     
 
 • In the fourth quarter
of 2012, we completed the following debt-related transactions: 
 

   

 
 
   
     – We issued $250 million
of 1.45% senior unsecured notes that mature on November 15, 2017. The net proceeds of $248 million from the offering were used
for general corporate purposes. 
 
   
         
 
   
     – We repurchased $13 million
of our 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021, $11 million of our 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2016, and $51 million of our
6.75% senior unsecured notes due 2013. Additionally, we redeemed $100 million of our 5.90% senior unsecured notes due 2014 and
$74 million of our 6.20% senior unsecured notes due 2016. We recognized a pre-tax loss of $26 million upon the early redemption
of these notes. 
 

   

 On April 24, 2013, Corning’s Board
of Directors declared an 11% increase in the Company’s quarterly common stock dividend. Corning’s quarterly dividend
increased from $0.09 per share to $0.10 per share of common stock. The board also authorized a stock repurchase program for purchasing
up to $2 billion of the Company’s common stock. This program is incremental to repurchases totaling $1.5 billion completed in
December 2012. The stock repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2014. 

   

 On October 22, 2013, Corning’s Board
of Directors authorized, in conjunction with a series of strategic and financial agreements with Samsung Display, an additional
$2 billion share repurchase program through December 31, 2015, effective upon the closing of the transaction. The transaction closed on January 15, 2014. 

   

 Capital Spending 

   

 Capital spending was $1,019 million in 2013,
a decrease of $782 million when compared to 2012. In 2011, Corning announced several multi-year investment plans to increase manufacturing
capacity in several of our reportable segments. Specifically, the projects focused on an LCD glass substrate facility in China
for our Display Technologies segment and a capacity expansion project for Specialty Materials’ Corning Gorilla Glass in
Japan. Although spending for these projects continued into 2013, the majority of the construction costs were incurred in 2012
and 2011, resulting in a significant decrease in capital spending in those segments in 2013. We expect our 2014 capital expenditures
to be approximately $1.5 billion. Approximately $600 million will be allocated to our Display Technologies segment. 

   

 Cash Flows 

   

 Summary of cash flow data (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31, 
 
         
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       
     $ 2,787     
     $ 3,206     
     $ 3,189   
 
     Net cash used in investing activities   
       
     $ (1,004 )   
     $ (2,628 )   
     $ (2,056 ) 
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
       
     $ (2,063 )   
     $ (115 )   
     $ (980 ) 
 

   

 2013 vs. 2012 

   

 Net cash provided by operating activities
decreased in the year ended December 31, 2013, when compared to the same period last year, largely due to a decrease in dividends
received from affiliated companies and the unfavorable impact of changes in working capital, driven by higher incentive compensation
payments, an increase in foreign tax payments, and an increase in fiber inventory in the Optical Communications segment. 

   

 Net cash used in investing activities declined
in 2013, when compared to 2012, due to a decrease in capital spending, lower business acquisition spending and the liquidation
of short-term investments, offset by the premium related to our purchased collars. 

   

 Net cash used in financing activities increased
in 2013 when compared to the same period last year, driven primarily by the absence of the issuance of long-term debt in the first
quarter of 2012, higher share repurchases, the retirement of long-term debt in the first quarter of 2013, and higher dividend
payments. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 50 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 2012 vs. 2011 

   

 Although 2012 net income declined when compared
to 2011, operating cash flow remained relatively consistent. The decrease in net income resulted primarily from the non-cash impacts
of significantly lower equity earnings and the absence of the positive impact of movements in foreign exchange rates experienced
in 2011. The cash impact of higher dividends and a net positive change in working capital also effected operating cash flow. 

   

 Net cash used in investing activities increased
in 2012 when compared to 2011, due to the acquisition of the majority of the Discovery Labware business from Becton, Dickinson
and Company, an investment in an affiliated company, and lower cash received from short-term investment liquidations, offset slightly
by a decrease in capital spending. 

   

 Net cash used in financing activities decreased
in 2012 when compared to 2011, primarily due to the proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt, coupled with a decline
in cash used for stock repurchases in 2012. Somewhat offsetting the decrease in net cash used were the impacts of retiring long-term
debt and a decline in proceeds received from the exercise of stock options. 

   

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

   

 We have defined benefit pension plans covering
certain domestic and international employees. Our largest single pension plan is Corning’s U.S. qualified plan. At December
31, 2013, this plan accounted for 78% of our consolidated defined benefit pension plans’ projected benefit obligation and
90% of the related plans’ assets. 

   

 We have historically contributed to the
U.S. qualified pension plan on an annual basis in excess of the IRS minimum requirements. In 2013, we did not contribute to our
domestic defined benefit pension plan and contributed $5 million to our international pension plans. In 2012, we made voluntary
cash contributions of $75 million to our domestic defined benefit pension plan and $30 million to our international pension plans.
Although we will not be subject to any mandatory contributions in 2014, we anticipate making voluntary cash contributions of up
to 
$85 million to our U.S. pension plan and up to $8 million to our international pension plans in 2014. 

   

 In the first quarter of 2013, we
elected to change our method of recognizing actuarial gains and losses for our defined benefit pension plans. Previously, we
recognized the actuarial gains and losses as a component of Stockholders’ Equity on our consolidated balance sheets on
an annual basis. These amounts were amortized into our operating results over the average remaining service period of
employees expected to receive benefits under the plan, to the extent such gains and losses were outside of the corridor,
where the corridor is equal to 10% of the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets at the
beginning of the year. In addition, we used a calculated market-related value of plan assets for purposes of calculating the
expected return on plan assets that spread asset gains and losses over a 3-year period. We have elected to recognize the
change in the fair value of plan assets in full for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets and net
actuarial gains and losses outside of the corridor in pension costs annually in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever
the plan is remeasured or valuation estimates are finalized. The remaining components of pension expense are recorded on a
quarterly basis. While the historical policy of recognizing pension expense was considered acceptable, we believe that the
new policy is preferable as it recognizes the change in the fair value of plan assets in full for purposes of calculating the
expected return on plan assets and eliminates the delay in recognition of net actuarial gains and losses outside of the
corridor. We have applied these changes retrospectively, adjusting all prior periods, as if the new accounting methodology
was in effect during those periods. 

   

 Refer to Note 13 (Employee Retirement Plans)
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

   

 Restructuring 

   

 To better align our 2014 cost position in
several of our businesses, Corning implemented a global restructuring plan within several of our segments in the fourth quarter
of 2013, consisting of workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs. We recorded charges of $67 million
associated with these actions, with total cash expenditures expected to be approximately $40 million. Annualized savings from
these actions are estimated to be approximately $40 million and will be reflected largely in selling, general, and administrative
expenses. 

   

 In 2012, we recorded a charge of $89 million
associated with a corporate-wide restructuring plan to reduce our global workforce in response to anticipated lower sales in 2013.
The charge included costs for workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs. Total cash expenditures associated
with these actions are expected to be approximately $49 million primarily related to termination benefits, and were largely finalized
in 2013. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 51 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 During 2013, 2012 and 2011, we made payments
of $35 million, $15 million and $16 million, respectively, related to employee severance and other exit costs resulting from restructuring
actions. Refer to Note 2 (Restructuring, Impairment and Other Charges) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

   

 Key Balance Sheet Data 

   

 Balance sheet and working capital measures
are provided in the following table (dollars in millions): 

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 
 
         
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
         
 
     Working capital   
       
     $ 7,145     
     $ 7,739   
 
     Current ratio   
       
       5.1:1     
       5.0:1   
 
     Trade accounts receivable, net of allowances   
       
     $ 1,253     
     $ 1,302   
 
     Days sales outstanding   
       
       58     
       55   
 
     Inventories   
       
     $ 1,270     
     $ 1,051   
 
     Inventory turns   
       
       3.6     
       4.7   
 
     Days payable outstanding (1)   
       
       47     
       41   
 
     Long-term debt   
       
     $ 3,272     
     $ 3,382   
 
     Total debt to total capital   
       
       13 %   
       14 % 
 

 
 (1) Includes trade payables only. 
 

   

 Credit Ratings 

   

 As of February 13, 2014, our credit ratings
were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Rating Agency   
     Rating long-term debt   
     Outlook last update 
 
     Fitch   
     A-   
     Stable 
 
         
         
     May 17, 2011 
 
     Standard & Poor’s   
     A-   
     Stable 
 
         
         
     December 16, 2013 
 
     Moody’s   
     A3   
     Stable 
 
         
         
     September 12, 2011 
 

   

 Management Assessment of Liquidity 

   

 We ended the fourth quarter of 2013 with
over $5.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. The Company has adequate sources of liquidity and we are
confident in our ability to generate cash to meet existing or reasonably likely future cash requirements. Our cash, cash equivalents,
and short-term investments are held in various locations throughout the world and are generally unrestricted. At December 31,
2013, although approximately 69% of the consolidated amount was held outside of the U.S., we have sufficient U.S. liquidity, including
borrowing capacity, to fund foreseeable U.S. cash needs without requiring the repatriation of foreign cash. We utilize a variety
of tax effective financing strategies to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. 

   

 From time to time, we may issue debt,
the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes or to refinance certain debt maturities. Additionally, to
manage interest rate exposure, the Company, from time to time, enters into interest rate swap agreements. In May 2013, in
anticipation of issuing $750 million of new long-term fixed rate debt, the Company entered into two interest rate swap
agreements to hedge against the variability in cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate. The instruments were
designated as cash flow hedges. During the fourth quarter, the interest rate swaps expired prior to the issuance of the
anticipated debt, the issuance of which had become “not reasonably possible” rather than “probable”.
In November 2013, Corning issued a $250 million note with a maturity of 10 years, as opposed to the contemplated issuance of
$750 million of new long-term fixed rate debt. As the planned issuance did not occur as anticipated, we recorded a small gain
in the fourth quarter of 2013. A portion of this gain is deferred in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on the
consolidated balance sheet until such time as the hedged item impacts earnings. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 52 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 On June 24, 2013, the Company established
a commercial paper program on a private placement basis, pursuant to which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper
notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion. Under this program, the Company may issue
the notes from time to time and will use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The maturities of the notes will vary, but
may not exceed 390 days from the date of issue. The interest rates will vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned
to the notes by credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. The Company’s $1 billion revolving credit facility is available
to support obligations under the commercial paper program, if needed. At December 31, 2013, we did not have any outstanding commercial
paper. 

   

 On October 31, 2013, as part of the
previously authorized share repurchase program announced on April 24, 2013, Corning entered into an accelerated share
repurchase (“ASR”) agreement with JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch (“JPMC”).
Under the ASR, Corning agreed to purchase $1 billion of its common stock, in total, with an initial delivery by JPMC of 47.1
million shares based on the current market price, and payment of $1 billion made by Corning to JPMC. The payment to JPMC was
recorded as a reduction to shareholders’ equity, consisting of an $800 million increase in treasury stock, which
reflects the value of the initial 47.1 million shares received upon execution, and a $200 million decrease in other-paid-in
capital, which reflects the value of the stock held back by JPMC pending final settlement. On January 28, 2014, the ASR was
completed. Corning received an additional 10.5 million shares on January 31, 2014 to settle the ASR. In total, Corning
purchased 57.6 million shares based on the average daily volume weighted-average price of Corning’s common stock during
the term of the ASR, less a discount. 

   

 In addition to the ARS, during 2013 we repurchased
35 million shares of common stock on the open market for approximately $500 million as part of the share repurchase program announced
on April 24, 2013. During 2012 and 2011, we repurchased 56 million and 55 million shares of common stock on the open market for
approximately $720 million and $780 million, respectively, as part of the share repurchase program announced on October 5, 2011. 

   

 We complete comprehensive reviews of our
significant customers and their creditworthiness by analyzing their financial strength at least annually or more frequently for
customers where we have identified a measure of increased risk. We closely monitor payments and developments which may signal
possible customer credit issues. We currently have not identified any potential material impact on our liquidity resulting from
customer credit issues. 

   

 Our major funding sources for 2013 and beyond
will be our operating cash flow and our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, proceeds from our
commercial paper program, financing transactions and any issuances of debt. We believe we have sufficient liquidity for the next
several years to fund operations, share repurchase programs, acquisitions, the asbestos litigation, research and development,
capital expenditures, scheduled debt repayments, and dividend payments. 

   

 Corning also has access to a $1.0 billion
unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes, including support
for our commercial paper program. This credit facility includes a leverage ratio financial covenant. The required leverage ratio,
which measures debt to total capital, is a maximum of 50%. At December 31, 2013, our leverage using this measure was 13.4%, and
we are in compliance with the financial covenant. 

   

 In the first quarter of 2013, Corning repaid
the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding on the credit facility entered into in the second quarter of 2011
that allowed Corning to borrow up to Chinese Renminbi (RMB) 4.0 billion. The total amount repaid was approximately $500 million.
Upon repayment, this facility was terminated. 

   

 Our debt instruments contain customary
event of default provisions, which allow the lenders the option of accelerating all obligations upon the occurrence of
certain events. In addition, the majority of our debt instruments contain a cross default provision, whereby a default on one
debt obligation of the Company in excess of a specified amount, would be considered a default under the terms of another debt
instrument. As of December 31, 2013, we were in compliance with all such provisions. 

   

 Management is not aware of any known trends,
demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in a material increase
or decrease in our liquidity. In addition, other than items discussed, there are no known material trends, favorable or unfavorable,
in our capital resources and no expected material changes in the mix and relative cost of such resources. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 53 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Purchased Collars and Average Rate Forwards 

   

 In the first quarter of 2013, Corning executed
a series of purchased collars that expire quarterly across a two-year period to hedge its translation exposure resulting from
movements in the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar. These derivatives are not designated as accounting hedges and changes in
fair value are recorded in other income immediately. The fair value of these derivative contracts are recorded as either assets
(gain position) or liabilities (loss position) on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

   

 In the second quarter of 2013, Corning entered
into a series of average rate forwards with no associated premium, which partially hedge the impact of Japanese yen on Corning’s
projected 2015 net income. Like the purchased collars, these contracts settle quarterly, and are not designated as accounting
hedges. 

   

 In the year ended December 31, 2013, we
recorded a net gain of $435 million, before tax, related to changes in the fair value of the purchased collars and average rate forward contracts, offset
slightly by premium expense. This gain is recorded in earnings in the Other income, net line of the Consolidated Statements of
Income. 

   

 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

   

 Off balance sheet arrangements are transactions,
agreements, or other contractual arrangements with an unconsolidated entity for which Corning has an obligation to the entity
that is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Corning’s off balance sheet arrangements
include the following: 

   

 
 • Guarantee contracts; and 
       
     
 
 • Variable interests held
in certain unconsolidated entities. 
 

   

 At the time a guarantee is issued, the Company
is required to recognize a liability for the fair value or market value of the obligation it assumes. In the normal course of
our business, we do not routinely provide significant third-party guarantees. Generally, third-party guarantees provided by Corning
are limited to certain financial guarantees, including stand-by letters of credit and performance bonds, and the incurrence of
contingent liabilities in the form of purchase price adjustments related to attainment of milestones. These guarantees have various
terms, and none of these guarantees are individually significant. 

   

 Refer to Note 14 (Commitments, Contingencies,
and Guarantees) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

   

 For variable interest entities, we assess
the terms of our interest in each entity to determine if we are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a variable
interest entity is the party that absorbs a majority of the entity’s expected losses, receives a majority of its expected
residual returns, or both, as a result of holding variable interests, which are the ownership, contractual, or other pecuniary
interests in an entity that change with changes in the fair value of the entity’s net assets excluding variable interests. 

   

 Corning has identified one entity that qualifies
as a variable interest entity. This entity is not considered to be significant to Corning’s consolidated statements of position. 

   

 Corning does not have retained interests
in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serve as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 54 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Contractual Obligations 

   

 The amounts of our obligations follow (in
millions): 

   

 

 

 
 
         
         
     Amount of commitment and contingency expiration per period 
 
         
     Total 
       
         
     Less than 1 year 
         
     1 to 3 years 
         
     3 to 5 years 
         
     5 years and 
thereafter 
       
 
     Performance bonds and guarantees   
     $ 51     
     $ 24     
     $ 5     
     $ 1     
     $ 21   
 
     Credit facilities for equity companies   
       25     
       25     
             
             
           
 
     Stand-by letters of credit (1)   
       61     
       54     
       3     
       1     
       3   
 
     Loan guarantees   
       14     
             
             
             
       14   
 
     Subtotal of commitment expirations per period   
     $ 151     
     $ 103     
     $ 8     
     $ 2     
     $ 38   
 
     Purchase obligations (6)   
     $ 126     
     $ 67     
     $ 39     
     $ 13     
     $ 7   
 
     Capital expenditure obligations (2)   
       185     
       185     
             
             
           
 
     Total debt (3)   
       2,890     
       14     
       66     
       249     
       2,561   
 
     Interest on long-term debt (4)   
       2,602     
       151     
       299     
       286     
       1,866   
 
     Capital leases and financing obligations (3)   
       412     
       7     
       15     
       11     
       379   
 
     Imputed interest on capital leases and financing obligations   
       295     
       20     
       39     
       38     
       198   
 
     Minimum rental commitments   
       277     
       54     
       80     
       53     
       90   
 
     Uncertain tax positions (5)   
       3     
       1     
       2     
             
           
 
     Subtotal of contractual obligation payments due by period   
       6,790     
       499     
       540     
       650     
       5,101   
 
     Total commitments and contingencies   
     $ 6,941     
     $ 602     
     $ 548     
     $ 652     
     $ 5,139   
 







   

 
 
     (1) 
     At December 31, 2013,
    $41 million of the $61 million was included in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Capital expenditure
    obligations primarily reflect amounts associated with our capital expansion activities. 
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     Total debt above
    is stated at maturity value, and excludes interest rate swap gains and bond discounts. 
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     The estimate of interest
    payments assumes interest is paid through the date of maturity or expiration of the related debt, based upon stated rates
    in the respective debt instruments. 
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     At December 31, 2013,
    $5 million was included on our balance sheet related to uncertain tax positions. Of this amount, we are unable to estimate
    when $2 million of that amount will become payable. 
 
       
       
 
     (6) 
     Purchase obligations
    are enforceable and legally binding obligations which primarily consist of raw material and energy-related take-or-pay contracts. 
 
   

 We are required, at the time a guarantee
is issued, to recognize a liability for the fair value or market value of the obligation it assumes. In the normal course of our
business, we do not routinely provide significant third-party guarantees. Generally, third-party guarantees provided by Corning
are limited to certain financial guarantees, including stand-by letters of credit and performance bonds, and the incurrence of
contingent liabilities in the form of purchase price adjustments related to attainment of milestones. These guarantees have various
terms, and none of these guarantees are individually significant. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we
recorded a financing obligation in the approximate amount of $230 million for a new LCD glass substrate facility in China. 

   

 We have agreed to provide up to a $25 million
credit facility to Dow Corning. The funding of the Dow Corning credit facility will be required only if Dow Corning is not otherwise
able to meet its scheduled funding obligations in its confirmed Bankruptcy Plan. 

   

 We believe a significant majority of these
guarantees and contingent liabilities will expire without being funded. 

   

 Environment 

   

 Corning has been named by the
Environmental Protection Agency (the Agency) under the Superfund Act, or by state governments under similar state laws, as a
potentially responsible party for 15 active hazardous waste sites. Under the Superfund Act, all parties who may have
contributed any waste to a hazardous waste site, identified by the Agency, are jointly and severally liable for the cost of
cleanup unless the Agency agrees otherwise. It is Corning’s policy to accrue for its estimated liability related to
Superfund sites and other environmental liabilities related to property owned by Corning based on expert analysis and
continual monitoring by both internal and external consultants. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, Corning had accrued
approximately $15 million (undiscounted) and $21 million (undiscounted), respectively, for its estimated liability for
environmental cleanup and related litigation. Based upon the information developed to date, management believes that the
accrued reserve is a reasonable estimate of the Company’s liability and that the risk of an additional loss in an
amount materially higher than that accrued is remote. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 55 
 




 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Critical Accounting
Estimates 

   

 The preparation of financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported therein. The estimates that required us to make difficult, subjective
or complex judgments, including future projections of performance and relevant discount rates, follow. 

   

 Impairment of assets held for
use 

   

 We are required to assess the recoverability
of the carrying value of long-lived assets when an indicator of impairment has been identified. We review our long-lived assets
in each quarter to assess whether impairment indicators are present. We must exercise judgment in assessing whether an event of
impairment has occurred. 

   

 Manufacturing equipment includes certain
components of production equipment that are constructed of precious metals, primarily platinum and rhodium. These metals are not
depreciated because they have very low physical losses and are repeatedly reclaimed and reused in our manufacturing process over
a very long useful life. Precious metals are reviewed for impairment as part of our assessment of long-lived assets. This review
considers all of the Company’s precious metals that are either in place in the production process; in reclamation, fabrication,
or refinement in anticipation of re-use; or awaiting use to support increased capacity. Precious metals are only acquired to support
our operations and are not held for trading or other non-manufacturing related purposes. 

   

 Examples of events or circumstances that
may be indicative of impairments include: 

   

 
 
     • 
     A significant decrease in the market price of an asset; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     A significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     A significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     An accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     A current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of an asset; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     A current expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 
 
   

 For purposes of recognition and measurement
of an impairment loss, a long-lived asset or assets is grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which
identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. We must exercise judgment in
assessing the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.
For the majority of our reportable segments, we concluded that locations or businesses which share production along the supply
chain must be combined in order to appropriately identify cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. 

   

 For long-lived assets, when impairment indicators
are present, we compare estimated undiscounted future cash flows, including the eventual disposition of the asset group at market
value, to the assets’ carrying value to determine if the asset group is recoverable. This assessment requires the exercise
of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected value to be derived from the assets to be held and used. Assessments also
consider changes in asset utilization, including the temporary idling of capacity and the expected timing for placing this capacity
back into production. If there is an impairment, a loss is recorded to reflect the difference between the assets’ fair value
and carrying value. This may require judgment in estimating future cash flows and relevant discount rates and residual values in
estimating the current fair value of the impaired assets to be held and used. 

   

 For an asset group that fails the test of
recoverability described above, the estimated fair value of long-lived assets is determined using an “income approach”,
“market approach”, “cost approach”, or a combination of one or more of these approaches as appropriate
for the particular asset group being reviewed. All of these approaches start with the forecast of expected future net cash flows
including the eventual disposition at market value of long-lived assets, and also considers the fair market value of all precious
metals if appropriate for the asset group being reviewed. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions in our analysis
include: market size and growth, market share, projected selling prices, manufacturing cost and discount rate. Our estimates are
based upon our historical experience, our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends. We
believe fair value assessments are most sensitive to market growth and the corresponding impact on volume and selling prices and
that these are also more subjective than manufacturing cost and other assumptions. The Company believes its current assumptions
and estimates are reasonable and appropriate. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 56 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 In the event the current net book value of
an asset group is found to be greater than the net present value of the cash flows derived from the asset group, we determine the
actual fair market value of long-lived assets with the assistance from valuation appraisals conducted by third parties. The results
of these valuations generally represent the fair market value of the asset group that will remain after any necessary impairment
adjustments have been recorded. The impairment charge will be allocated to assets within the asset group on a relative fair value
basis. 

   

 At December 31, 2013, the carrying value
of precious metals was higher than the fair market value by $164 million. At December 31, 2012, the carrying value of precious
metals was higher than the fair value by $28 million. These precious metals are utilized by the Display and Specialty Materials
segments. Corning believes these precious metal assets to be recoverable due to the significant positive cash flow in both segments.
The potential for impairment exists in the future if negative events significantly decrease the cash flow of these segments. Such
events include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in demand for products or a significant decrease in profitability
in our Display Technologies or Specialty Materials segments. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2011, the Specialty
Materials segment recorded an impairment charge in the amount of $130 million related to certain assets used in the production
of large cover glass due to sales that were significantly below our expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2012, after reassessing
the large cover glass business, Corning concluded that the large cover glass market was developing differently in 2012 than our
expectations, and demand for larger-sized cover glass was declining, and the market for this type of glass was instead targeting
smaller gen size products. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2012, our primary customer of large cover glass notified Corning
of its decision to exit from this display market. Based on these events, we recorded an additional impairment charge in the fourth
quarter of 2012 in the amount of $44 million, before tax. This impairment charge represents a write-down of assets specific to
the glass-strengthening process for large size cover glass to their fair market values, and includes machinery and equipment used
in the ion exchange process. Additional information on the asset impairment is found in Note 2 (Restructuring, Impairment and Other
Charges), Note 9 (Property, Net of Accumulated Depreciation) and Note 16 (Fair Value Measurements) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Impairment of Goodwill 

   

 We are required to make certain subjective
and complex judgments in assessing whether an event of impairment of goodwill has occurred, including assumptions and estimates
used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. 

   

 Corning’s goodwill relates primarily
to the Optical Communications, Specialty Materials and Life Sciences operating segments. On a quarterly basis, management performs
a qualitative assessment of factors in each reporting unit to determine whether there have been any triggering events. The two-step
impairment test is required only if we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit’s fair value is less
than its carrying amount. We perform a detailed, two-step process every three years if no indicators suggest a test should be performed
in the interim. We use this calculation as quantitative validation of the step-zero qualitative process that is performed during
the intervening periods and does not represent an election to perform the two-step process in place of the step-zero review. 

   

 The following summarizes our qualitative
process to assess our goodwill balances for impairment: 

   

 
 
     • 
     We assess qualitative factors in each of our reporting units which carry goodwill to determine whether it is necessary to perform the first step of the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     The following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount: 
 


 
 
       
     – 
     Macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Market capital in relation to book value; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Cost factors, such as an increase in raw materials, labor or other costs; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Overall financial performance, such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or forecasted revenue; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel; and 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     – 
     Events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions. 
 

   

 The examples noted above are not all-inclusive,
and the Company shall consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining
whether to perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 57 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Our two step goodwill recoverability assessment
is based on our annual strategic planning process. This process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term
growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows. Our valuation method is an “income approach” using a discounted
cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are
discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. Our estimates are based upon our historical experience,
our current knowledge from our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends. 

   

 Optical Communications 

   

 Goodwill for the Optical Communications segment
is tested at the reporting unit level which is also the operating segment level. On a quarterly basis in 2013, management performed
a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the Optical
Communications reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. 

   

 In addition to assessing qualitative factors
each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2012 for this reporting unit. The results of our impairment
test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount. A discount rate of 9%
was used in 2012. We determined a range of discount rates between 7% and 11% would not have affected our conclusion. 

   

 Specialty Materials 

   

 Goodwill for the Specialty Materials segment
is tested at the reporting unit level, which is one level below an operating segment, as goodwill is the result of transactions
associated with certain businesses within this operating segment. There is only one reporting unit with goodwill within this operating
segment. On a quarterly basis in 2013, management performed a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been
any triggering events which would indicate that the Specialty Materials reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying
amount. 

   

 In addition to assessing qualitative factors
each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2012 for this reporting unit. The results of our impairment
test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount. A discount rate of 8%
was used in 2012. We determined a range of discount rates between 6% and 10% would not have affected our conclusion. Additionally,
the asset impairment which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012 did not cause a triggering event for goodwill impairment in this
reporting unit because the cash flow related to this lower level asset group is not material to this reporting unit. 

   

 Life Sciences 

   

 Goodwill for the Life Sciences segment is
tested at the reporting unit level which is also the operating segment level. On a quarterly basis in 2013, management performed
a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the Life
Sciences reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. 

   

 In addition to assessing qualitative factors
each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2012 for this reporting unit. The results of our impairment
test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount. A discount rate of 7%
was used in 2012. We determined a range of discount rates between 5% and 9% would not have affected our conclusion. 

   

 Restructuring charges and impairments
resulting from restructuring actions 

   

 We are required to assess whether and when
a restructuring event has occurred and in which periods charges related to such events should be recognized. We must estimate costs
of plans to restructure including, for example, employee termination costs. Restructuring charges require us to exercise judgment
about the expected future of our businesses, of portions thereof, their profitability, cash flows and in certain instances eventual
outcome. The judgment involved can be difficult, subjective and complex in a number of areas, including assumptions and estimates
used in estimating the future profitability and cash flows of our businesses. 

   

 Restructuring events often give rise to
decisions to dispose of or abandon certain assets or asset groups which, as a result, require impairment. We are required to carry
assets to be sold or abandoned at the lower of cost or fair value. We must exercise judgment in assessing the fair value of the
assets to be sold or abandoned. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 58 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Income taxes 

   

 We are required to exercise judgment about
our future results in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Inherent in this estimation process is the requirement
for us to estimate future book and taxable income and possible tax planning strategies. These estimates require us to exercise
judgment about our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic environments
in which we do business. It is possible that actual results will differ from assumptions and require adjustments to allowances. 

   

 Corning accounts for uncertain tax positions
in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. As required under FASB ASC Topic 740, we record tax benefits only for technical
positions that we believe have a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained on their technical merits and then only to the
extent of the amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. In estimating these amounts,
we must exercise judgment around factors such as the weighting of the tax law in our favor, the willingness of a tax authority
to aggressively pursue a particular position, or alternatively, consider a negotiated compromise, and our willingness to dispute
a tax authorities assertion to the level of appeal we believe is required to sustain our position. As a result, it is possible
that our estimate of the benefits we will realize for uncertain tax positions may change when we become aware of new information
affecting these judgments and estimates. 

   

 Equity method investments 

   

 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the carrying
value of our equity method investments was $5.5 billion and $4.9 billion, respectively, with our two largest equity method investments,
Samsung Corning Precision Materials and Dow Corning, comprising approximately 93% of the balance. We review our equity method investments
for indicators of impairment on a periodic basis or if an event or circumstances change to indicate the carrying amount may be
other-than-temporarily impaired. When such indicators are present, we then perform an in-depth review for impairment. An impairment
assessment requires the exercise of judgment related to key assumptions such as forecasted revenue and profitability, forecasted
tax rates, foreign currency exchange rate movements, terminal value assumptions, historical experience, our current knowledge from
our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we have
not identified any instances where the carrying values of our equity method investments were not recoverable. 

   

 To extend Corning’s leadership in specialty
glass and drive earnings growth, Corning announced in October 2013 that it is entering into a series of strategic and financial
agreements with Samsung Display which will result in Corning obtaining full ownership of Samsung Corning Precision Materials. As
part of this agreement, in the fourth quarter of 2013, Corning acquired the minority interests of three shareholders in Samsung
Corning Precision Materials for $506 million, which includes payment for the transfer of non-operating assets and the pro-rata
portion of cash on Samsung Corning Precision Materials balance sheet at September 30, 2013. The resulting transfer of shares to
Corning increased Corning’s ownership percentage of Samsung Corning Precision Materials from 50% to 57%. Because this transaction
did not result in a change in control based on the governing articles of this entity, Corning did not consolidate this entity as
of December 31, 2013. The remaining transactions were completed on January 15, 2014, which increased Corning’s ownership
to 100% and will result in consolidation of the entity beginning in the first quarter of 2014. This organization will be integrated
into Corning’s Display Technologies segment. Refer to Note 21 (Subsequent Events) to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information. 

   

 Fair value measures 

   

 As required, Corning uses two kinds of inputs
to determine the fair value of assets and liabilities: observable and unobservable. Observable inputs are based on market data
or independent sources, while unobservable inputs are based on the Company’s own market assumptions. Once inputs have been
characterized, we prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value into one of three broad levels. Characterization of fair value
inputs is required for those accounting pronouncements that prescribe or permit fair value measurement. In addition, observable
market data must be used when available and the highest-and-best-use measure should be applied to non-financial assets. Corning’s
major categories of financial assets and liabilities required to be measured at fair value are short-term and long-term investments,
certain pension asset investments and derivatives. These categories use observable inputs only and are measured using a market
approach based on quoted prices in markets considered active or in markets in which there are few transactions. 

   

 Derivative assets and liabilities may include
interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts that are measured using observable quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities.
In arriving at the fair value of Corning’s derivative assets and liabilities, we have considered the appropriate valuation
and risk criteria, including such factors as credit risk of the relevant 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 59 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 party to the transaction. Amounts related
to credit risk are not material. 

   

 The Level 3 assets measured with unobservable
inputs relate to certain pension asset investments and all long-lived assets fair valued on a nonrecurring basis related to the
ion exchange process for the production of large cover glass. In 2012, we recorded an impairment charge in the amount of $44 million
related to these ion exchange assets used in the production of large cover glass. Refer to Note 16 (Fair Value Measurements) of
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

   

 Probability of litigation outcomes 

   

 We are required to make judgments about
future events that are inherently uncertain. In making determinations of likely outcomes of litigation matters, we consider
the evaluation of legal counsel knowledgeable about each matter, case law, and other case-specific issues. See Part II
– Item 3. Legal Proceedings for a discussion of the material litigation matters we face. The most significant matter
involving judgment is the liability for asbestos litigation. There are a number of factors bearing upon our potential
liability, including the inherent complexity of a Chapter 11 filing, our history of success in defending asbestos claims, our
assessment of the strength of our corporate veil defenses, and our continuing dialogue with our insurance carriers and the
claimants’ representatives. The proposed asbestos resolution (Amended PCC Plan) is subject to a number of
contingencies. The approval of the Amended PCC Plan by the Bankruptcy Court is not certain and faces objections by some
parties. Any approval of the Amended PCC Plan by the Bankruptcy Court is subject to appeal. For these and other reasons,
Corning’s liability for these asbestos matters may be subject to changes in subsequent quarters. The estimate of the
cost of resolving the non-PCC asbestos claims may also be subject to change as developments occur. Management continues to
believe that the likelihood of the uncertainties surrounding these proceedings causing a material adverse impact
to Corning’s financial statements is remote. 

   

 Other possible liabilities 

   

 We are required to make judgments about future
events that are inherently uncertain. In making determinations of likely outcomes of certain matters, including certain tax planning
and environmental matters, these judgments require us to consider events and actions that are outside our control in determining
whether probable or possible liabilities require accrual or disclosure. It is possible that actual results will differ from assumptions
and require adjustments to accruals. 

   

 Pension and other postretirement
employee benefits (OPEB) 

   

 Pension and OPEB costs and obligations are
dependent on assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend rates,
benefits earned, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, and other factors. In the first quarter of 2013,
we elected to change our method of recognizing actuarial gains and losses for our defined benefit pension plans. Previously, we
recognized the actuarial gains and losses as a component of Stockholders’ Equity on our consolidated balance sheets on an
annual basis. These amounts were amortized into our operating results over the average remaining service period of employees expected
to receive benefits under the plan, to the extent such gains and losses were outside of the corridor, where the corridor is equal
to 10% of the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets at the beginning of the year. In addition,
we used a calculated market-related value of plan assets for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets that spread
asset gains and losses over a 3-year period. We have elected to recognize the change in the fair value of plan assets in full
for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses outside of the corridor in pension
costs annually in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever the plan is remeasured or valuation estimates are finalized. The
remaining components of pension expense are recorded on a quarterly basis. For our OPEB plans, actual results that differ from
the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect recognized expense and the
recorded obligation in future periods. While management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual
experience or changes in assumptions may affect Corning’s employee pension and other postretirement obligations, and current
and future expense. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 60 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     




 

 The following table presents our actual and
expected return on assets, as well as the corresponding percentage, for the years ended 2013, 2012 and 2011: 

   

 

 
 
         
       
     December 31, 
 
     (In millions)   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Actual return on plan assets – Domestic plans   
       
     $ 65     
     $ 299     
     $ 216   
 
     Expected return on plan assets – Domestic plans   
       
       158     
       150     
       155   
 
     Actual return on plan assets – International plans   
       
       6     
       10     
       16   
 
     Expected return on plan assets – International plans   
       
       11     
       10     
       11   
 
         
       
             
             
           
 



   



 
 
         
       
     December 31, 
 
         
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Weighted-average actual and expected return on assets:   
       
             
             
           
 
     Actual return on plan assets – Domestic plans   
       
       2.67 %   
       12.06 %   
       9.24 % 
 
     Expected return on plan assets – Domestic plans   
       
       6.00 %   
       6.00 %   
       6.50 % 
 
     Actual return on plan assets – International plans   
       
       2.73 %   
       6.01 %   
       8.40 % 
 
     Expected return on plan assets – International plans   
       
       3.73 %   
       6.01 %   
       5.59 % 
 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, the Projected Benefit
Obligation (PBO) for U.S. pension plans was $2,844 million. 

   

 The following information illustrates the
sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for U.S. pension plans: 

   

 
 
     Change in assumption   
     Effect on 2014 pre-tax pension expense   
     Effect on December 31, 2013 PBO 
 
     25 basis point decrease in discount rate   
     - 1 million   
     + 81 million 
 
     25 basis point increase in discount rate   
     + 1 million   
     - 78 million 
 
     25 basis point decrease in expected return on assets   
     + 6 million   
       
 
     25 basis point increase in expected return on assets   
     - 6 million   
       
 

   

 The above sensitivities reflect the impact
of changing one assumption at a time. Note that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously
and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. These changes in assumptions would have no effect on
Corning’s funding requirements. 

   

 In addition, at December 31, 2013, a 25 basis
point decrease in the discount rate would decrease stockholders’ equity by $107 million before tax, and a 25 basis point
increase in the discount rate would increase stockholders’ equity by $103 million. In addition, the impact of greater than
a 25 basis point decrease in discount rate would not be proportional to the first 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate. 

   

 The following table illustrates the sensitivity
to a change in the discount rate assumption related to Corning’s U.S. OPEB plans: 

   

 
 
     Change in assumption   
     Effect on 2014 pre-tax OPEB expense   
     Effect on December 31, 2013 APBO* 
 
     25 basis point decrease in discount rate   
     + 2 million   
     + 26 million 
 
     25 basis point increase in discount rate   
     - 2 million   
     - 25 million 
 

   

 
 * Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation (APBO). 
 



   

 The above sensitivities reflect the impact
of changing one assumption at a time. Note that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously
and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. 

   

 Revenue recognition 

   

 The Company recognizes revenue when it is
realized or realizable and earned. In certain instances, revenue recognition is based on estimates of fair value of deliverables
as well as estimates of product returns, allowances, discounts, and other factors. These estimates are supported by historical
data. While management believes that the estimates used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in estimates
may affect Corning’s future results.  

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 61 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Share-Based Compensation 

   

 Share-based compensation cost is measured
at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. Determining
the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating expected dividends. In addition,
judgment is also required in estimating the amount of share-based awards that are expected to be forfeited. If actual results differ
significantly from these estimates, share-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted. 

   

 New
Accounting Standards 

   

 Refer to Note 1 (Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 62 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Forward-Looking
Statements 

   

 The statements in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, in reports subsequently filed by Corning with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Form 10-Q, Form 8-K, and related
comments by management that are not historical facts or information and contain words such as “believes,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” and similar expressions are forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual outcome to be materially different.
Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
 
     • 
     global business, financial, economic and political conditions; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     tariffs and import duties; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and other currencies, primarily the Japanese yen, New Taiwan dollar, Euro, and Korean won; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     product demand and industry capacity; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     competitive products and pricing; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     availability and costs of critical components and materials; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     new product development and commercialization; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     order activity and demand from major customers; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     fluctuations in capital spending by customers; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     possible disruption in commercial activities due to terrorist activity, cyber attack, armed conflict, political or financial instability, natural disasters, or major health concerns; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     unanticipated disruption to equipment, facilities, or operations; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     facility expansions and new plant start-up costs; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     effect of regulatory and legal developments; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     ability to pace capital spending to anticipated levels of customer demand; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     credit rating and ability to obtain financing and capital on commercially reasonable terms; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     adequacy and availability of insurance; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     financial risk management; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     acquisition and divestiture activities; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     rate of technology change; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     level of excess or obsolete inventory; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property and trade secrets; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     adverse litigation; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     product and components performance issues; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     retention of key personnel; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     stock price fluctuations; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     trends for the continued growth of the Company’s businesses; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     the ability of research and development projects to produce revenues in future periods; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     a downturn in demand or decline in growth rates for LCD glass substrates; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     customer ability, most notably in the Display Technologies segment, to maintain profitable operations and obtain financing to fund their ongoing operations and manufacturing expansions and pay their receivables when due; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     loss of significant customers; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     fluctuations in supply chain inventory levels; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     equity company activities, principally at Dow Corning and Samsung Corning Precision Materials; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     changes in tax laws and regulations; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     changes in accounting rules and standards; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     the potential impact of legislation, government regulations, and other government action and investigations; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     temporary idling of capacity or delaying expansion; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     the ability to implement productivity, consolidation and cost reduction efforts, and to realize anticipated benefits; 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     restructuring actions and charges; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     other risks detailed in Corning’s SEC filings. 
 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 63 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 
 
     ITEM
    7A 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 
   

 We operate and conduct business in many foreign
countries and as a result are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposure to exchange rates has the following
effects: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Exchange rate movements on financial instruments and transactions denominated in foreign currencies that impact earnings; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Exchange rate movements upon conversion of net assets and net income of foreign subsidiaries for which the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, which impact our net equity. 
 
   

 Our most significant foreign currency exposures
relate to the Japanese yen, South Korean won, New Taiwan dollar, Chinese Renminbi, and the Euro. We seek to mitigate the impact
of exchange rate movements in our income statement by using over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments including foreign exchange
forward and option contracts typically with durations of 36 months or less. In general, these hedges expire coincident with the
timing of the underlying foreign currency commitments and transactions. 

   

 We are exposed to potential losses in the
event of non-performance by our counterparties to these derivative contracts. However, we minimize this risk by limiting the counterparties
to a diverse group of highly-rated major international financial institutions with which we have other financial relationships.
We do not expect to record any losses as a result of such counterparty default. Neither we nor our counterparties are required
to post collateral for these financial instruments. 

   

 Our cash flow hedging activities utilize
OTC foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that movements in exchange rates will adversely affect the net cash flows
resulting from the sale of products to foreign customers and purchases from foreign suppliers. We also use OTC foreign exchange
forward and option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The undesignated hedges limit
exposures to foreign functional currency fluctuations related to certain subsidiaries’ monetary assets, monetary liabilities
and net earnings in foreign currencies. A significant portion of the Company’s non-U.S. revenues are denominated in Japanese
yen. When these revenues are translated back to U.S. dollars, the Company is exposed to foreign exchange rate movements in the
Japanese yen. To protect translated earnings against movements in the Japanese yen, the Company has entered into a series of purchased
collars and average rate forwards. With a purchased collar structure, the Company writes a local currency call option and purchases
a local currency put option. The purchased collars offset the impact of translated earnings above the put price and below the call
strike price and that offset is reported in other income, net. 

   

 Equity in earnings of affiliated companies
has historically contributed a significant amount to our income from continuing operations. Equity in earnings of affiliated companies,
net of impairments, were $547 million and $810 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, with foreign-based affiliates comprising
over 63% of this amount in 2013. Equity earnings from Samsung Corning Precision Materials totaled $320 million for 2013 and $699
million for 2012. Exchange rate fluctuations and actions taken by management of these entities can affect the earnings of these
companies. 

   

 We use a sensitivity analysis to assess the
market risk associated with our foreign currency exchange risk. Market risk is defined as the potential change in fair value of
assets and liabilities resulting from an adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates. At December 31, 2013, with respect
to open foreign exchange forward and option contracts, and foreign denominated debt with values exposed to exchange rate movements,
a 10% adverse movement in quoted foreign currency exchange rates could result in a loss in fair value of these instruments of $479
million compared to $236 million at December 31, 2012. Specific to the Japanese yen, a 10% adverse movement in quoted yen exchange
rates could result in a loss in fair value of these instruments of $398 million compared to $196 million at December 31, 2012.
Specific to the Euro, a 10% adverse movement in quoted euro exchange rates could result in a loss in fair value of these instruments
of $31 million compared to $25 million at December 31, 2012. 

   

 As we derive approximately 69% of our net
sales from outside the U.S., our sales and net income could be affected if the U.S. dollar significantly strengthens or weakens
against foreign currencies, most notably the Japanese yen and Euro. Our forecasts generally assume exchange rates during 2014 remain
constant at January 2014 levels. As an example of the impact that changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have on our
financial results, we compare 2013 actual sales in yen and Euro transaction currencies at an average currency exchange rate during
the year to a 10% change in the currency exchange rate. A plus or minus 10% movement in the U.S. dollar – Japanese yen exchange
rate would result in a change to 2013 net sales of approximately $265 million. A plus or minus 10% movement in the U.S. dollar
– euro exchange rate would result in a change to 2013 net sales of approximately $103 million. Using 2013 net income attributable
to Corning Incorporated as a percentage of net sales of 25%, we can estimate that a plus or minus 10% movement in the U.S. dollar
– Japanese yen exchange rate would result in a change to 2013 net income attributable to Corning Incorporated of approximately
$220 million. A plus or minus 10% movement in the U.S. dollar – euro exchange rate would result in a change to 2013 net income
attributable to Corning Incorporated of approximately $14 million. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 64 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 Interest Rate Risk Management 

   

 It is our policy to conservatively manage
our exposure to changes in interest rates. We are party to two interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedges and
economically exchange a notional amount of $550 million of previously issued fixed rate long-term debt to floating rate debt. Under
the terms of the swap agreements, we pay the counterparty a floating rate that is indexed to the one-month LIBOR rate. 

   

 In May 2013, in anticipation of issuing $750
million of new long-term fixed rate debt, the Company entered into two interest rate swap agreements to hedge against the variability
in cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate. The instruments were designated as cash flow hedges. During the fourth
quarter, the interest rate swaps expired prior to the issuance of the anticipated debt, the issuance of which had become “not
reasonably possible” rather than “probable”. In November 2013, Corning issued a $250 million note with a maturity
of 10 years, as opposed to the contemplated issuance of $750 million of new long-term fixed rate debt. As the planned issuance
did not occur as anticipated, we recorded a small gain in the fourth quarter of 2013. A portion of this gain is deferred in accumulated
other comprehensive (loss) income on the consolidated balance sheet until such time as the hedged item impacts earnings. 

   

 
 
     I tem
     8 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
 
   

 See Item 15 (a) 1. 

   

 
 
     I tem
     9 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
   

 None. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    9A 
     Controls and Procedures 
 
   

 Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

   

 Our principal executive and principal financial
officers, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that
based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 65 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

   

 
 
     (a) 
     Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
       
       
 
       
     Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures and adequate internal control over financial reporting for Corning. Management is also responsible for the assessment of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
       
       
 
       
     Disclosure controls and procedures mean controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Corning’s disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Corning in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Corning’s management, including Corning’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or other persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
       
       
 
       
     Corning’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Corning’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of Corning’s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that Corning’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Corning’s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of Corning’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
       
       
 
       
     Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting includes controls over recognition of equity earnings and equity investments by Corning. Internal control over financial reporting for Samsung Corning Precision Materials and Dow Corning is the responsibility of Samsung Corning Precision Materials and Dow Corning management. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Corning’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013. The effectiveness of Corning’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
       
       
 
     (b) 
     Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
       
       
 
       
     Refer to Part IV, Item 15. 
 
       
       
 
     (c) 
     Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
       
       
 
       
     There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 

   
 
 
     ITEM
    9B  
     Other Information 
 
   

 None.  

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 66 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 
 PART III 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    10 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Directors of the Registrant 

   

 The sections entitled “Our Director
Nominees” in our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 29, 2014,
is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information regarding executive officers is presented in Item I
of this report on Form 10-K under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant.” 

   

 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

   

 Corning has an Audit Committee and has identified
two members of the Audit Committee as Audit Committee Financial Experts. See sections entitled “Structure and Role of the
Board” and “Our Board Committees” in our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders
to be held on April 29, 2014, which are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

   

 The section entitled “Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders
to be held on April 29, 2014, is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 Our Board of Directors adopted the (i)
Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Financial Executives and the (ii) Code of Conduct for Directors and
Executive Officers, which supplements the Code of Conduct. These Codes have been in existence for more than ten years and
govern all employees and directors. During 2013, no amendments to or waivers of the provisions of the Code of Ethics were
made with respect to any of our directors or executive officers. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on our website at
www.corning.com/investor_relations/corporate_governance/codes_of_conduct.aspx. We will also provide a copy of the Code of
Ethics to shareholders without charge upon written request to Ms. Linda E. Jolly, Corporate Secretary, Corning Incorporated,
HQ-E2-10, Corning, NY 14831. We will disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Ethics on our website within
four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    11 
     Executive Compensation 
 
   

 The sections entitled “Compensation
Matters,” “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Report of our
Compensation Committee,” and “Director Compensation” in our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the annual
meeting of shareholders to be held on April 29, 2014, are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    12 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
   

 The section entitled “Beneficial Ownership”
in our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 29, 2014, is incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information required by this item related to the Company’s securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2013 is included in Part I, “Item 5. Market for
Registrant’s Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    13 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
   

 The sections entitled “Director Independence”
and “Certain Beneficial Relationships and Related Transactions” in our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the
annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 29, 2014, is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 67 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 
 
     ITEM
    14 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
   

 The sections entitled “Audit Matters
– Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and “Audit Matters – Policy Regarding Audit
Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our
Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 29, 2014, are incorporated by reference
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 In October 2013, PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP (PwC) issued its annual Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526 independence letter to the Audit Committee of
our Board of Directors and therein reported that it is independent under applicable standards in connection with its audit opinion
for the financial statements contained in this report. The Audit Committee has discussed with PwC its independence from Corning,
and concurred with PwC. 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 68 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 
 
     PART IV 
 


 

   
 
 
     ITEM 15 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
   
 
 
     (a) 
     Documents
    filed as part of this report: 
       
 
       
     1. 
     Financial
    statements 
     78 
 
       
     2. 
     Financial
    statement schedule: 
       
 
       
       
       
     (i) 
     Valuation
    accounts and reserves 
     136 
 
       
       
       
     See
    separate index to financial statements and financial statement schedules 
       
 
   

 
 
     (b) 
     Exhibits
    filed as part of this report: 
 
       
     3 (i) 
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated April 27, 2012, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New York on April 27, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) 1 of Corning’s Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2012). 
 
       
     3 (i)(1) 
     Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated January 14, 2014, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New York on January 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Corning’s Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2014). 
 
       
     3 (ii) 
     By-Laws of Corning
amended to and effective as of April 26, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii)(1) of Corning’s Form 8-K filed
May 1, 2012). 
 
       
     10.1 
     2000 Employee Equity
Participation Program and 2003 Amendments (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 of Corning Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed
March 10, 2003 for April 24, 2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.2 
     2003 Variable Compensation
Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 of Corning Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 10, 2003 for April 24, 2003
Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.3 
     2003 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 of Corning Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 10, 2003 for April 24, 2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.4 
     Form of Officer Severance
Agreement dated as of February 1, 2004 between Corning Incorporated and each of the following individuals: James B. Flaws, Kirk
P. Gregg, and Lawrence D. McRae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2004). 
 
       
     10.5 
     Form of Amendment dated as of February 1, 2004 to Change In Control Agreement dated as of October 4, 2000 between Corning Incorporated and the following individuals: James B. Flaws, Kirk P. Gregg, and Lawrence D. McRae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2004). 
 
       
     10.6 
     Form of Change In Control
Amendment dated as of October 4, 2000 between Corning Incorporated and the following individuals: James B. Flaws, Kirk P. Gregg
and Lawrence D. McRae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2004). 
 
       
     10.7 
     Amendment dated as of February 1, 2004 to Change In Control Agreement dated as of April 23, 2002 between Corning Incorporated and Wendell P. Weeks (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2004). 
 
       
     10.8 
     Change In Control Agreement
dated as of April 23, 2002 between Corning Incorporated and Wendell P. Weeks (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Corning’s
Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2004). 
 
       
     10.9 
     Form of Corning Incorporated
Incentive Stock Plan Agreement for Restricted Stock Grants (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Corning’s Form
10-Q filed October 28, 2004). 
 
       
     10.10 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Plan Agreement for Restricted Stock Retention Grants (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2004). 
 
       
     10.11 
     Form of Corning Incorporated
Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2004). 
 
       
     10.12 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2004). 
 


   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     69 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
 
       
     10.13 
     2005 Employee Equity Participation Program (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit I of Corning Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 1, 2005 for April 28, 2005 Annual Meeting
    of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.14 
     2006 Variable Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix J of Corning
    Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 8, 2006 for April 27, 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.15 
     Amended 2003 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to
    Appendix K of Corning Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 8, 2006 for April 27, 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.16 
     Amended Corning Incorporated 2003 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors effective
    October 4, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 25, 2007). 
 
       
     10.17 
     Amended Corning Incorporated 2005 Employee Equity Participation Program effective
    October 4, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 25, 2007). 
 
       
     10.18 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Plan Agreement for Restricted Stock
    Grants, amended effective December 6, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed
    February 25, 2007). 
 
       
     10.19 
     Executive Supplemental Pension Plan effective February 7, 2007 and signed February
    12, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 25, 2007). 
 
       
     10.20 
     Executive Supplemental Pension Plan as restated and signed April 10, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed April 27, 2007). 
 
       
     10.21 
     Amendment No. 1 to 2006 Variable Compensation Plan dated October 3, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.22 
     Corning Incorporated Goalsharing Plan dated October 3, 2007 (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.35 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.23 
     Corning Incorporated Performance Incentive Plan dated October 3, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.24 
     Amendment No. 1 to Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors dated October 3, 2007
    (Incorporated by reference to 
    Exhibit 10.37 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.25 
     Corning Incorporated Supplemental Pension Plan dated October 3, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.26 
     Corning Incorporated Supplemental Investment Plan dated October 3, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.27 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Plan Agreement for Restricted Stock
    Grants, amended effective December 5, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed
    February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.28 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, amended effective
    December 5, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.29 
     Amendment No. 2 dated February 13, 2008 and Amendment dated as of February 1, 2004
    to Letter of Understanding between Corning Incorporated and Wendell P. Weeks, and Letter of Understanding dated April 23,
    2002 between Corning Incorporated and Wendell P. Weeks (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 of Corning’s Form
    10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.30 
     Form of Change in Control Agreement Amendment No. 2, effective December 5, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.31 
     Form of Officer Severance Agreement Amendment, effective December 5, 2007 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.32 
     Amendment No. 1 to Corning Incorporated Supplemental Investment Plan, approved December
    17, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.33 
     Amendment No. 1 to Corning Incorporated Supplemental Pension Plan, approved December
    17, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
       
     10.34 
     Amendment No. 1 to Corning Incorporated Executive Supplemental Pension Plan, approved
    December 17, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 15, 2008). 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     70 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 
 
       
     10.35 
     Second Amended 2005 Employee Equity Participation
    Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 of Corning’s Form 8-K filed April 25, 2008). 
 
       
     10.36 
     Amendment No. 2 to Executive Supplemental Pension Plan effective July 16, 2008 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed July 30, 2008). 
 
       
     10.37 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement effective as of
    December 3, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2009). 
 
       
     10.38 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Right Agreement effective as of December
    3, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2009). 
 
       
     10.39 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Plan Agreement for Restricted Stock
    Grants effective December 3, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February
    24, 2009). 
 
       
     10.40 
     Form of Change of Control Agreement Amendment No. 3 effective December 19, 2008 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.53 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2009). 
 
       
     10.41 
     Form of Officer Severance Agreement Amendment No. 2 effective December 19, 2008 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.54 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 24, 2009). 
 
       
     10.42 
     Amendment No. 3 dated December 19, 2008 to Letter of Understanding dated April 23,
    2002 between Corning Incorporated and Wendell P. Weeks (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 of Corning’s Form
    10-K filed February 24, 2009). 
 
       
     10.43 
     Amendment No. 2 to Corning Incorporated Supplemental Investment Plan approved April
    29, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed July 29, 2009). 
 
       
     10.44 
     Amendment No. 2 to Deferred Compensation Plan dated April 29, 2009 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Corning’s Form 10-Q filed July 29, 2009). 
 
       
     10.45 
     Amendment No. 2 to 2006 Variable Compensation Plan dated December 2, 2009 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.58 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 10, 2010). 
 
       
     10.46 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Cash Performance Unit Agreement, effective December
    2, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 10, 2010). 
 
       
     10.47 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Right Agreement for Time-Based Restricted
    Stock Units, effective December 2, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February
    10, 2010). 
 
       
     10.48 
     2010 Variable Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Corning’s
    Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 15, 2010 for April 29, 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.49 
     2010 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference to Appendix
    B of Corning Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 15, 2010 for April 29, 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.50 
     Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 7, 2010 (effective as
    of December 16, 2010), among Corning Incorporated, Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Barclays
    Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Standard Chartered Bank, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi
    UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, Wells Fargo, Bank National Association, Bank of China, New York Branch, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, and The Bank
    of New York Mellon (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Corning’s Form 8-K filed December 16, 2010). 
 
       
     10.51 
     Compensation Arrangement for Retention of James B. Flaws approved by the Corning
    Board Compensation Committee on January 3, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Corning’s Form 8-K filed January 3, 2011). 
 
       
     10.52 
     Amendment No. 2 to Corning Incorporated Supplemental Pension Plan dated December
    18, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 10, 2011). 
 
       
     10.53 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Incentive Stock Right Agreement for Time-Based Incentive
    Stock Rights, effective January 3, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February
    10, 2011). 
 
       
     10.54 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Cash Performance Unit Agreement, effective January 3,
    2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 10, 2011). 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     71 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 
 
       
     10.55 
     Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011, among
    Corning Display Technologies (China) Co., Ltd.; Bank of China Limited, Beijing Branch; Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (China),
    Ltd., Beijing Branch; Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited, Beijing Branch; and Citibank (China) Co. Limited, Beijing Branch
    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Corning’s Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2011). 
 
       
     10.56 
     Guaranty dated as of June 30, 2011, by Corning Incorporated (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 of Corning’s Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2011). 
 
       
     10.57 
     Compensation Arrangement for Jeffrey W. Evenson dated March 8, 2011 (Incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.61 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 13, 2012). 
 
       
     10.58 
     Amendment No. 2 to Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors dated February 1, 2012
    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 13, 2012). 
 
       
     10.59 
     Amendment No. 3 to Corning Incorporated Executive Supplemental Pension Plan effective
    December 31, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 13, 2013). 
 
       
     10.60 
     2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Corning
    Proxy Statement, Definitive 14A filed March 13, 2012, for April 26, 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     10.61 
     Amendment No. 3 to Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors dated December 28, 2012
    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 13, 2013). 
 
       
     10.62 
     Amendment No. 4 to Corning Incorporated Executive Supplemental Pension Plan effective
    December 31, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of Corning’s Form 10-K filed February 13, 2013). 
 
       
     10.63 
     Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 13, 2013 among Corning Incorporated,
    Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Goldman
    Sachs Bank USA, Standard Chartered Bank, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Wells Fargo, Bank National Association, Bank
    of China, New York Branch, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon. (Incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 of Corning’s Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2013). 
 
       
     10.64 
     Compensation Arrangement for Lewis A. Steverson dated May 3, 2013. 
 
       
     10.65 
     Framework Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2013, by and among Samsung Display Co.,
    Ltd.; Corning Incorporated, solely for purposes of Section 1.5, Section 6.1 and Section 11; Corning Hungary Data Services
    Limited Liability Company; Corning Holding Japan G.K.; and Corning Luxembourg S.àr.l. The Company has omitted certain
    schedules, exhibits and similar attachments to the Framework Agreement pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. 
 
       
     10.66 
     Shareholder Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2013, by and between Samsung Display
    Co., Ltd. and Corning Incorporated. 
 
       
     10.67 
     Standstill Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2013, by and among Samsung Electronics
    Co., Ltd., Samsung Display Co., Ltd. and Corning Incorporated. 
 
       
     10.68 
     Accelerated Share Repurchase Master Confirmation Letter between Corning and JP Morgan
    Chase Bank, National Association dated October 31, 2013. 
 
       
     10.69 
     Form of Corning Incorporated Cash Performance Unit Agreement, effective January 1,
    2014. 
 
       
     10.70 
     Form of Officer Severance Agreement dated as of January 1, 2014 between Corning Incorporated
    and each of the following individuals: Lewis A. Steverson. 
 
       
     10.71 
     Form of Officer Change in Control Agreement dated as of January 1, 2014 between Corning
    Incorporated and each of the following individuals: Lewis A. Steverson. 
 
       
     12 
     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
 
       
     14 
     Corning Incorporated Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Financial Executives,
    and Code of Conduct for Directors and Executive Officers (Incorporated by reference to Appendix G of Corning Proxy Statement,
    Definitive 14A filed March 13, 2012 for April 26, 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders). 
 
       
     21 
     Subsidiaries of the Registrant at December 31, 2013. 
 
       
     23.1 
     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
       
     23.2 
     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     72 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 
 
       
     23.3 
     Consent of Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
 
       
     24 
     Powers of Attorney. 
 
       
     31.1 
     Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), As Adopted Pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
     31.2 
     Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), As Adopted Pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
     32 
     Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
     101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
     101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
       
     101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
       
     101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
       
     101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
       
     101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Definition Document 
 
   
 
 
     (c) 
     Financial
    Statements: 
       
 
       
     1. 
     Financial Statements of Dow Corning Corporation for the years ended December
    31, 2013, 2012 and 2011  
     138 
 
       
     2. 
     Financial Statements of Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd. for the years
    ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
     175 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     73 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Signatures 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Sections
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused his report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 Corning Incorporated 

   

 
 
     By 
     /s/ Wendell P. Weeks 
       
 
       
     (Wendell
    P. Weeks) 
       
 
       
       
       
 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Date: 
     February 10, 2014 
       
 
   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the date indicated. 

   

 
 
       
       
       
     Capacity 
       
     Date 
 
       
     /s/
    Wendell P. Weeks 
  (Wendell P. Weeks) 
       
     Chairman
    of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President 
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     /s/
    James B. Flaws 
  (James B. Flaws) 
       
     Vice
    Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer 
     (Principal Financial Officer) 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     /s/
    R. Tony Tripeny  
     (R. Tony Tripeny) 
       
     Senior
    Vice President – Corporate Controller 
     (Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (John Seely Brown) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     *
     
     (Stephanie A. Burns) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     *
     
     (John A. Canning, Jr.) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Richard T. Clark) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Robert F. Cummings, Jr.) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (James B. Flaws) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Deborah A. Henretta) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Kurt M. Landgraf) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Kevin J. Martin) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Deborah D. Rieman) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 

   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     74 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 
 
       
     * 
     (Hansel E. Tookes II) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 
 
       
     * 
     (Mark S. Wrighton) 
       
     Director 
       
     February 10, 2014 


 
     *By   
     /s/ Lewis A. Steverson (Lewis A. Steverson,  Attorney-in-fact) 
       
       
       
       
 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     75 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Corning Incorporated 2013 Annual Report
Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

   

 
 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
     77 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Income 
     78 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Comprehensive Income 
     79 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated
    Balance Sheets 
     80 
     
       
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows 
     81 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
     82 
 
       
       
 
     Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements 
       
 
       
       
       
 

 
 
     1. 
     Summary of Significant
    Accounting Policies 
     83 
 
     2. 
     Restructuring, Impairment and Other Charges 
     93 
 
     3. 
     Available-for-Sale
    Investments 
     96 
 
     4. 
     Significant
    Customers 
     97 
 
     5. 
     Inventories 
     97 
 
     6. 
     Income
    Taxes 
     97 
 
     7. 
     Investments 
     100 
 
     8. 
     Acquisition 
     107 
 
     9. 
     Property,
    Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
     107 
 
     10. 
     Goodwill
    and Other Intangible Assets 
     108 
 
     11. 
     Other
    Liabilities 
     109 
 
     12 
     Debt 
     110 
 
     13. 
     Employee
    Retirement Plans 
     112 
 
     14. 
     Commitments,
    Contingencies, and Guarantees 
     118 
 
     15. 
     Hedging
    Activities 
     119 
 
     16. 
     Fair
    Value Measurements 
     122 
 
     17. 
     Shareholders’
    Equity 
     124 
 
     18. 
     Earnings
    Per Common Share 
     126 
 
     19. 
     Share-based
    Compensation 
     127 
 
     20. 
     Reportable
    Segments 
     130 
 
     21. 
     Subsequent
    Events 
     134 
 
       
       
       
 

 
 
     Financial Statement Schedule 
       
 
       
       
 
     II. 
     Valuation
    Accounts and Reserves 
     136 
 
       
       
       
 
     Quarterly Operating Results (unaudited) 
     137 
 
       
       
 
     Financial
    Statements of Dow Corning Corporation for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
     138 
 
       
       
 
     Financial
    Statements of Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd. for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
     175 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     76 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting   Firm 

   

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Corning Incorporated: 

   

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Corning Incorporated
and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements and
financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting,” appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements,
on the financial statement schedule and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

   

 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for defined benefit pension plans in 2013. 

   

 A company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February 10, 2014 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     77 
 



 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Income 

   

 Corning Incorporated and Subsidiary Companies 

   

 
 
       Years
                                                                      ended December 31, 
 
     (In millions, except per share amounts)   
                                                                                                                                                                               2013 
                                                                                                                                                                                     
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 7,819     
     $ 8,012     
     $ 7,890   
 
     Cost of sales   
       4,495     
       4,693     
       4,314   
 
     Gross margin   
       3,324     
       3,319     
       3,576   
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
           
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       1,126     
       1,205     
       1,028   
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       710     
       769     
       668   
 
     Amortization of purchased intangibles   
       31     
       19     
       15   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges (Note 2)   
       67     
       133     
       129   
 
     Asbestos litigation charge (Note 7)   
       19     
       14     
       24   
 
     Operating income   
       1,371     
       1,179     
       1,712   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies (Note 7)   
       547     
       810     
       1,471   
 
     Interest income   
       8     
       14     
       19   
 
     Interest expense   
       (120 )   
       (111 )   
       (89 ) 
 
     Other income, net   
       667     
       83     
       118   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       2,473     
       1,975     
       3,231   
 
     Provision for income taxes (Note 6)   
       (512 )   
       (339 )   
       (414 ) 
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,961     
     $ 1,636     
     $ 2,817   
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated:   
             
             
           
 
     Basic (Note 18)   
     $ 1.35     
     $ 1.10     
     $ 1.80   
 
     Diluted (Note 18)   
     $ 1.34     
     $ 1.09     
     $ 1.78   
 
     Dividends declared per common share   
     $ 0.39     
     $ 0.32     
     $ 0.23   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     78 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

   

 Corning Incorporated and Subsidiary Companies 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31,   
 
     (In millions)   
                                                                                                                                                        2013 
                                                                                                                                                              
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,961     
     $ 1,636     
     $ 2,817   
 
     Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax:   
             
             
           
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustments and other   
       (682 )   
       (179 )   
       (21 ) 
 
     Net unrealized gains on investments   
       2     
       13     
       4   
 
     Unamortized gains (losses) and prior service costs for postretirement benefit plans   
       392     
       (1 )   
       (121 ) 
 
     Net unrealized (losses) gains on designated hedges   
       (24 )   
       47     
       (6 ) 
 
         
       (312 )   
       (120 )   
       (144 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,649     
     $ 1,516     
     $ 2,673   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     79 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 Corning Incorporated and Subsidiary Companies 

   

 
 
       December 31,   
 
     (In millions, except share and per
    share amounts)   
                            2013 
                                  
     2012 
         
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 4,704     
     $ 4,988   
 
     Short-term investments, at fair value (Note 3)   
       531     
       1,156   
 
     Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments   
       5,235     
       6,144   
 
     Trade accounts receivable, net of doubtful accounts and allowances - $28 and $26   
       1,253     
       1,302   
 
     Inventories (Note 5)   
       1,270     
       1,051   
 
     Deferred income taxes (Note 6)   
       278     
       579   
 
     Other current assets   
       855     
       619   
 
     Total current assets   
       8,891     
       9,695   
 
     Investments (Note 7)   
       5,537     
       4,915   
 
     Property, net of accumulated depreciation - $7,865 and $7,652 (Note 9)   
       9,801     
       10,625   
 
     Goodwill and other intangible assets, net (Note 10)   
       1,542     
       1,496   
 
     Deferred income taxes (Note 6)   
       2,234     
       2,343   
 
     Other assets   
       473     
       301   
 
     Total Assets   
     $ 28,478     
     $ 29,375   
 
     Liabilities and Equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Current portion of long-term debt (Note 12)   
     $ 21     
     $ 76   
 
     Accounts payable   
       771     
       779   
 
     Other accrued liabilities (Note 11 and 14)   
       954     
       1,101   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       1,746     
       1,956   
 
     Long-term debt (Note 12)   
       3,272     
       3,382   
 
     Postretirement benefits other than pensions (Note 13)   
       766     
       930   
 
     Other liabilities (Note 11 and 14)   
       1,483     
       1,574   
 
     Total liabilities   
       7,267     
       7,842   
 
     Commitments and contingencies (Note 14)   
             
           
 
     Shareholders’ equity (Note 17):   
             
           
 
     Common stock – Par value $0.50 per share; shares authorized: 3.8 billion Shares issued: 1,661 million and 1,649 million   
       831     
       825   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       13,066     
       13,146   
 
     Retained earnings   
       11,320     
       9,932   
 
     Treasury stock, at cost; shares held: 262 million and 179 million   
       (4,099 )   
       (2,773 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income   
       44     
       356   
 
     Total Corning Incorporated shareholders’ equity   
       21,162     
       21,486   
 
     Noncontrolling interests   
       49     
       47   
 
     Total equity   
       21,211     
       21,533   
 
     Total Liabilities
    and Equity   
     $ 28,478     
     $ 29,375   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     80 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

   

 Corning Incorporated and Subsidiary Companies 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31,   
 
     (In millions)   
                                                                                                                               2013 
                                                                                                                                     
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Cash Flows from Operating Activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 1,961     
     $ 1,636     
     $ 2,817   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       971     
       978     
       942   
 
     Amortization of purchased intangibles   
       31     
       19     
       15   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges   
       67     
       133     
       129   
 
     Loss on retirement of debt   
             
       26     
           
 
     Stock compensation charges   
       54     
       70     
       86   
 
     Undistributed earnings of affiliated companies less than (in excess of) dividends received   
       83     
       280     
       (651 ) 
 
     Deferred tax provision   
       189     
       18     
       121   
 
     Restructuring payments   
       (35 )   
       (15 )   
       (16 ) 
 
     Cash received from settlement of insurance claims   
             
             
       66   
 
     Employee benefit payments less than expense   
       52     
       178     
       114   
 
     Unrealized gains on translated earnings contracts   
       (367 )   
             
           
 
     Changes in certain working capital items:   
             
             
           
 
     Trade accounts receivable   
       (29 )   
       (272 )   
       (84 ) 
 
     Inventories   
       (247 )   
       (23 )   
       (201 ) 
 
     Other current assets   
       34     
       (81 )   
       (20 ) 
 
     Accounts payable and other current liabilities   
       (23 )   
       189     
       (27 ) 
 
     Other, net   
       46     
       70     
       (102 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       2,787     
       3,206     
       3,189   
 
     Cash Flows from Investing Activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Capital expenditures   
       (1,019 )   
       (1,801 )   
       (2,432 ) 
 
     Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash received   
       (68 )   
       (723 )   
       (215 ) 
 
     Net proceeds from sale or disposal of assets   
             
             
       2   
 
     Investment in unconsolidated entities   
       (526 )   
       (111 )   
           
 
     Short-term investments – acquisitions   
       (1,406 )   
       (2,270 )   
       (2,582 ) 
 
     Short-term investments – liquidations   
       2,026     
       2,269     
       3,171   
 
     Premium on purchased collars   
       (107 )   
             
           
 
     Realized gains on translated earnings contracts   
       87     
             
           
 
     Other, net   
       9     
       8     
           
 
     Net cash used in investing activities   
       (1,004 )   
       (2,628 )   
       (2,056 ) 
 
     Cash Flows from Financing Activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net repayments of short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt   
       (71 )   
       (26 )   
       (24 ) 
 
     Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net   
       248     
       1,362     
       120   
 
     Proceeds (payments) from the settlement of interest rate swap agreements   
       33     
       (18 )   
           
 
     Proceeds received for asset financing and related incentives, net   
       276     
             
           
 
     Retirements of long-term debt, net   
       (498 )   
       (280 )   
           
 
     Principal payments under capital lease obligations   
       (7 )   
       (1 )   
       (32 ) 
 
     Payments to acquire noncontrolling interest   
       (47 )   
             
           
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of stock options   
       85     
       38     
       90   
 
     Repurchases of common stock for treasury   
       (1,516 )   
       (720 )   
       (780 ) 
 
     Dividends paid   
       (566 )   
       (472 )   
       (354 ) 
 
     Other, net   
             
       2     
           
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
       (2,063 )   
       (115 )   
       (980 ) 
 
     Effect of exchange rates on cash   
       (4 )   
       (136 )   
       (90 ) 
 
     Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents   
       (284 )   
       327     
       63   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       4,988     
       4,661     
       4,598   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of
    year   
     $ 4,704     
     $ 4,988     
     $ 4,661   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     81 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity 

   

 Corning Incorporated and Subsidiary Companies 

   

 

 
 
     (In millions) 
     Common stock 
       
     Additional paid-in capital 
       
     Retained earnings 
       
     Treasury stock 
       
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
       
     Total Corning Incorporated shareholders’ equity 
       
     Non- controlling interests 
       
     Total 
       
 
     Balance, December 31, 2010 
     $ 813   
     $ 12,865   
     $ 6,304   
     $ (1,227 ) 
     $ 620   
     $ 19,375   
     $ 51   
     $ 19,426   
 
     Net income 
           
           
       2,817   
           
           
       2,817   
       (3 ) 
       2,814   
 
     Other comprehensive income 
           
           
           
           
       (144 ) 
       (144 ) 
       3   
       (141 ) 
 
     Purchase of common stock for treasury 
           
           
           
       (779 ) 
           
       (779 ) 
           
       (779 ) 
 
     Shares issued to benefit plans and for option exercises 
       5   
       176   
           
       (7 ) 
           
       174   
           
       174   
 
     Dividends on shares 
           
           
       (354 ) 
           
           
       (354 ) 
           
       (354 ) 
 
     Other, net 
           
           
           
       (11 ) 
           
       (11 ) 
           
       (11 ) 
 
     Balance, December 31, 2011 
     $ 818   
     $ 13,041   
     $ 8,767   
     $ (2,024 ) 
     $ 476   
     $ 21,078   
     $ 51   
     $ 21,129   
 
     Net income 
           
           
       1,636   
           
           
       1,636   
       (5 ) 
       1,631   
 
     Other comprehensive income 
           
           
           
           
       (120 ) 
       (120 ) 
       1   
       (119 ) 
 
     Purchase of common stock for treasury 
           
           
           
       (719 ) 
           
       (719 ) 
           
       (719 ) 
 
     Shares issued to benefit plans and for option exercises 
       7   
       105   
           
       (1 ) 
           
       111   
           
       111   
 
     Dividends on shares 
           
           
       (472 ) 
           
           
       (472 ) 
           
       (472 ) 
 
     Other, net 
           
           
       1   
       (29 ) 
           
       (28 ) 
           
       (28 ) 
 
     Balance, December 31, 2012 
     $ 825   
     $ 13,146   
     $ 9,332   
     $ (2,773 ) 
     $ 356   
     $ 21,486   
     $ 47   
     $ 21,533   
 
     Net income 
           
           
       1,961   
           
           
       1,961   
           
       1,961   
 
     Other comprehensive income 
           
           
           
           
       (312 ) 
       (312 ) 
           
       (312 ) 
 
     Purchase of common stock for treasury 
           
       (200 ) 
           
       (1,316 ) 
           
       (1,516 ) 
           
       (1,516 ) 
 
     Shares issued to benefit plans and for option exercises 
       6   
       139   
           
       (1 ) 
           
       144   
           
       144   
 
     Dividends on shares 
           
           
       (566 ) 
           
           
       (566 ) 
           
       (566 ) 
 
     Other, net 
           
       (19 ) 
       (7 ) 
       (9 ) 
           
       (35 ) 
       2   
       (33 ) 
 
     Balance, December 31, 2013 
     $ 831   
     $ 13,066   
     $ 11,320   
     $ (4,099 ) 
     $ 44   
     $ 21,162   
     $ 49   
     $ 21,211   
 
   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     82 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 Corning Incorporated and Subsidiary Companies 

   

 
 1.   Summary
                                                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                                                             Significant
                                                                                                                                                                             Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                             Policies 

   

 Organization 

   

 Corning Incorporated is a provider of high-performance
glass for notebook computers, flat panel desktop monitors, LCD televisions, and other information display applications; carrier
network and enterprise network products for the telecommunications industry; ceramic substrates for gasoline and diesel engines
in automotive and heavy duty vehicle markets; laboratory products for the scientific community and specialized polymer products
for biotechnology applications; advanced optical materials for the semiconductor industry and the scientific community; and other
technologies. In these notes, the terms “Corning,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
mean Corning Incorporated and subsidiary companies. 

   

 Basis of Presentation and Principles
of Consolidation 

   

 Our consolidated financial statements were
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. and include the assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses of all majority-owned subsidiaries over which Corning exercises control. 

   

 The equity method of accounting is used for
investments in affiliated companies that are not controlled by Corning and in which our interest is generally between 20% and 50%
and we have significant influence over the entity. Our share of earnings or losses of affiliated companies, in which at least 20%
of the voting securities is owned and we have significant influence but not control over the entity, is included in consolidated
operating results. In the fourth quarter of 2013, Corning acquired the minority interests of three shareholders in one of our affiliated
companies, Samsung Corning Precision Materials, which increased Corning’s ownership percentage from 50% to 57%. Because this
transaction did not result in a change in control based on the governing articles of this entity, Corning did not consolidate this
entity as of December 31, 2013. 

   

 We use the cost method to account for our
investments in companies that we do not control and for which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over
operating and financial policies. In accordance with the cost method, these investments are recorded at cost or fair value, as
appropriate. 

   

 All material intercompany accounts, transactions
and profits are eliminated in consolidation. 

   

 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current-year presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on our results of operations, financial position,
or changes in shareholders’ equity. 

   

 Employee Retirement Plans 

   

 In the first quarter of 2013, we elected
to change our method of recognizing actuarial gains and losses for our defined benefit pension plans. Previously, we recognized
the actuarial gains and losses as a component of Stockholders’ Equity on our consolidated balance sheets on an annual basis.
These amounts were amortized into our operating results over the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive
benefits under the plan, to the extent such gains and losses were outside of the corridor, where the corridor is equal to 10% of
the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets at the beginning of the year. In addition, we
used a calculated market-related value of plan assets for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets that spread
asset gains and losses over a 3-year period. We have elected to recognize the change in the fair value of plan assets in full for
purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses outside of the corridor in pension
costs annually in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever the plan is remeasured or valuation estimates are finalized. The
remaining components of pension expense are recorded on a quarterly basis. While the historical policy of recognizing pension expense
was considered acceptable, we believe that the new policy is preferable as it recognizes the change in the fair value of plan assets
in full for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets and eliminates the delay in recognition of net actuarial
gains and losses outside of the corridor. We have applied these changes retrospectively, adjusting all prior periods, as if the
new accounting methodology was in effect during those periods. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     83 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Following are the changes to financial statement
line items as a result of the accounting methodology change for the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements: 

   

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

   

 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2013 
 
     (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Previous accounting method Reported Effect of accounting change 
 
     Cost of sales   
     $ 4,564     
     $ 4,495     
     $ (69 ) 
 
     Gross margin   
       3,255     
       3,324     
       69   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       1,161     
       1,126     
       (35 ) 
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       731     
       710     
       (21 ) 
 
     Operating income   
       1,246     
       1,371     
       125   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       2,348     
       2,473     
       125   
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       (466 )   
       (512 )   
       (46 ) 
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,882     
     $ 1,961     
     $ 79   
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Basic   
     $ 1.30     
     $ 1.35     
     $ 0.05   
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Diluted   
     $ 1.29     
     $ 1.34     
     $ 0.05   
 
   
 
 
       Three months ended December 31, 2013 (unaudited) 
 
     (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Previous accounting method Reported Effect of accounting change 
 
     Cost of sales   
     $ 1,215     
     $ 1,186     
     $ (29 ) 
 
     Gross margin   
       741     
       770     
       29   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       351     
       332     
       (19 ) 
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       178     
       169     
       (9 ) 
 
     Operating income   
       131     
       184     
       53   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       514     
       567     
       53   
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       (126 )   
       (146 )   
       (20 ) 
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 388     
     $ 421     
     $ 33   
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Basic   
     $ 0.27     
     $ 0.30     
     $ 0.03   
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Diluted   
     $ 0.27     
     $ 0.30     
     $ 0.03   
 


   
 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2012 
 
     (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Previously reported (before 
accounting change) Revised (after accounting change) Effect of accounting change 
 
     Cost of sales   
     $ 4,615     
     $ 4,693     
     $ 78   
 
     Gross margin   
       3,397     
       3,319     
       (78 ) 
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       1,165     
       1,205     
       40   
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       745     
       769     
       24   
 
     Operating income   
       1,321     
       1,179     
       (142 ) 
 
     Income before income taxes   
       2,117     
       1,975     
       (142 ) 
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       (389 )   
       (339 )   
       50   
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,728     
     $ 1,636     
     $ (92 ) 
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Basic   
     $ 1.16     
     $ 1.10     
     $ (0.06 ) 
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Diluted   
     $ 1.15     
     $ 1.09     
     $ (0.06 ) 
 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     84 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
       Three months ended December 31, 2012 (unaudited) 
 
     (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Previously   reported  
(before accounting   change)   Revised (after accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Cost of sales   
     $ 1,239     
     $ 1,348     
     $ 109   
 
     Gross margin   
       907     
       798     
       (109 ) 
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       301     
       356     
       55   
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       185     
       219     
       34   
 
     Operating income   
       277     
       79     
       (198 ) 
 
     Income before income taxes   
       381     
       183     
       (198 ) 
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       (98 )   
       (28 )   
       70   
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 283     
     $ 155     
     $ (128 ) 
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Basic   
     $ 0.19     
     $ 0.11     
     $ (0.08 ) 
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Diluted   
     $ 0.19     
     $ 0.10     
     $ (0.09 ) 
 


   
 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2011 
 
     (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Previously reported 
(before accounting change)   Revised (after accounting change)   Effect of accounting change   
 
     Cost of sales   
     $ 4,324     
     $ 4,314     
     $ (10 ) 
 
     Gross margin   
       3,566     
       3,576     
       10   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       1,033     
       1,028     
       (5 ) 
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses   
       671     
       668     
       (3 ) 
 
     Operating income   
       1,694     
       1,712     
       18   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       3,213     
       3,231     
       18   
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       (408 )   
       (414 )   
       (6 ) 
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 2,805     
     $ 2,817     
     $ 12   
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Basic   
     $ 1.80     
     $ 1.80     
           
 
     Earnings per common share attributable to Corning Incorporated – Diluted   
     $ 1.77     
     $ 1.78     
     $ 0.01   
 

   

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

   

 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2013   
 
     (in millions) Previous   accounting   method   Reported   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,882     
     $ 1,961     
     $ 79   
 
     Other comprehensive loss, net of tax   
       (240 )   
       (312 )   
       (72 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,642     
     $ 1,649     
     $ 7   
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     85 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2012   
 
     (in millions) Previously   reported 
(before   accounting   change)   Revised (after   accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,728     
     $ 1,636     
     $ (92 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive loss, net of tax   
       (211 )   
       (120 )   
       91   
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 1,517     
     $ 1,516     
     $ (1 ) 
 

   
 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2011   
 
     (in millions) Previously   reported 
(before   accounting   change)   Revised (after   accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 2,805     
     $ 2,817     
     $ 12   
 
     Other comprehensive loss, net of tax   
       (132 )   
       (144 )   
       (12 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 2,673     
     $ 2,673     
     $ 0   
 


   

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 
 
       December 31, 2013   
 
     (in millions) Previous   accounting   method   Reported   Effect of accounting change   
 
     Retained earnings   
     $ 11,904     
     $ 11,320     
     $ (584 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income   
     $ (540 )   
     $ 44     
     $ 584   
 

   
 
 
       December 31, 2012   
 
     (in millions) Previously   reported 
(before   accounting   change)   Revised (after   accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Retained earnings   
     $ 10,588     
     $ 9,932     
     $ (656 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income   
     $ (300 )   
     $ 356     
     $ 656   
 

   
 
 
       December 31, 2011   
 
     (in millions) Previously   reported 
 (before   accounting   change)   Revised (after   accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Retained earnings   
     $ 9,332     
     $ 8,767     
     $ (565 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income   
     $ (89 )   
     $ 476     
     $ 565   
 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     86 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
       December 31, 2010   
 
     (in millions) Previously   reported 
 (before   accounting   change)   Revised (after   accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Retained earnings   
     $ 6,881     
     $ 6,304     
     $ (577 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income   
     $ 43     
     $ 620     
     $ 577   
 


   

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

   

 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2013   
 
     (in millions) Previous   accounting   method   Reported   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 1,882     
     $ 1,961     
     $ 79   
 
     Deferred tax provision   
     $ 143     
     $ 189     
     $ 46   
 
     Employee benefit payments less than expense   
     $ 177     
     $ 52     
     $ (125 ) 
 


   
 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2012   
 
     (in millions) Previously   reported 
(before   accounting   change)   Revised (after   accounting   change)   Effect of   accounting   change   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 1,728     
     $ 1,636     
     $ (92 ) 
 
     Deferred tax provision   
     $ 68     
     $ 18     
     $ (50 ) 
 
     Employee benefit payments less than expense   
     $ 36     
     $ 178     
     $ 142   
 


   
 
 
       Year ended December 31, 2011   
 
     (in millions) Previously reported 
(before accounting change)   Revised (after accounting change)   Effect of accounting 
change   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 2,805     
     $ 2,817     
     $ 12   
 
     Deferred tax provision   
     $ 115     
     $ 121     
     $ 6   
 
     Employee benefit payments less than expense   
     $ 132     
     $ 114     
     $ (18 ) 
 


   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation of financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and related
notes. Significant estimates and assumptions in these consolidated financial statements include estimates of fair value associated
with revenue recognition, restructuring charges, goodwill and long-lived asset impairment tests, estimates of fair value of investments,
equity interests, environmental and legal liabilities, income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances, assumptions used in
calculating pension and other postretirement employee benefit expenses and the fair value of stock based compensation. Due to the
inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be different from these estimates. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     87 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Revenue Recognition 

   

 Revenue for sales of goods is recognized
when a firm sales agreement is in place, delivery has occurred and sales price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably
assured. If customer acceptance of products is not reasonably assured, sales are recorded only upon formal customer acceptance.
Sales of goods typically do not include multiple product and/or service elements. 

   

 At the time revenue is recognized, allowances
are recorded, with the related reduction to revenue, for estimated product returns, allowances and price discounts based upon historical
experience and related terms of customer arrangements. Where we have offered product warranties, we also establish liabilities
for estimated warranty costs based upon historical experience and specific warranty provisions. Warranty liabilities are adjusted
when experience indicates the expected outcome will differ from initial estimates of the liability. 

   

 Other Income, Net 

   

 “Other income, net”
in Corning’s consolidated statements of income includes the following (in millions): 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                  2013 
                                                                                                        
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Royalty income from Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
     $ 56     
     $ 83     
     $ 219   
 
     Foreign currency transaction and hedge gains (losses), net   
       500     
       8     
       (43 ) 
 
     Loss on retirement of debt   
             
       (26 )   
           
 
     Foreign government subsidy   
       55     
             
           
 
     Other, net   
       56     
       18     
       (58 ) 
 
     Total   
     $ 667     
     $ 83     
     $ 118   
 

   

 Royalty income from Samsung Corning Precision
Materials decreased in 2013, when compared to 2012, reflecting the decline in sales volume at Samsung Corning Precision Materials.
In 2012, royalty income was significantly lower when compared to 2011, due to the reduction of the applicable royalty rate by approximately
50% beginning in December 2011. 

   

 Included in the line item Foreign currency
transaction and hedge gains (losses), net, for the year ended December 31, 2013, is the impact of the purchased collars and average
rate forward contracts, which hedge our exposure to movements in the Japanese yen and its impact on our net earnings. We recorded
a net gain relating to the changes in the fair value of these contracts, offset slightly by the premium expense, in the amount
of $435 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 Research and Development Costs 

   

 Research and development costs are charged
to expense as incurred. Research and development costs totaled $613 million in 2013, $651 million in 2012 and $561 million in 2011. 

   

 Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

   

 The determination of the functional currency
for Corning’s foreign subsidiaries is made based on the appropriate economic factors. For most foreign operations, the local
currencies are generally considered to be the functional currencies. Corning’s most significant exception is our Taiwanese
subsidiary, which uses the Japanese yen as its functional currency. For all transactions denominated in a currency other than a
subsidiary’s functional currency, exchange rate gains and losses are included in income for the period in which the exchange
rates changed. 

   

 Foreign subsidiary functional currency balance
sheet accounts are translated at current exchange rates, and statement of operations accounts are translated at average exchange
rates for the year. Translation gains and losses are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income
in shareholders’ equity. The effects of remeasuring non-functional currency assets and liabilities into the functional currency
are included in current earnings, except for those related to intra-entity foreign currency transactions of a long-term investment
nature, which are recorded together with translation gains and losses in other comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity.
Upon sale or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity, the amount of net translation gains or losses
that have been accumulated in other comprehensive income attributable to that investment are reported as a gain or loss for the
period in which the sale or liquidation occurs. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     88 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Stock-Based Compensation 

   

 Corning’s stock-based compensation
programs include employee stock option grants, time-based restricted stock awards, time-based restricted stock units, performance
based restricted stock awards and performance-based restricted stock units, as more fully described in Note 19 (Share-based Compensation)
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 The cost of stock-based compensation awards
is equal to the fair value of the award at the date of grant and compensation expense is recognized for those awards earned
over the vesting period. Corning estimates the fair value of stock based awards using a multiple-point Black-Scholes option valuation
model, which incorporates assumptions including expected volatility, dividend yield, risk-free rate, expected term and departure
rates. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible into cash. We consider securities with contractual maturities of three months or less,
when purchased, to be cash equivalents. The carrying amount of these securities approximates fair value because of the short-term
maturity of these instruments. 

   

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                  2013 
                                                                                                        
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Non-cash transactions:   
             
             
           
 
     Issued credit memoranda for settlement of customer receivables (1)   
             
             
     $ 28   
 
     Accruals for capital expenditures   
     $ 185     
     $ 240     
     $ 472   
 
     Cash paid for interest and income taxes:   
             
             
           
 
     Interest (2)   
     $ 182     
     $ 178     
     $ 140   
 
     Income taxes, net of refunds received   
     $ 469     
     $ 355     
     $ 215   
 

   

 
 (1) Amounts represent credits applied to customer receivable balances for customers that
made advance cash deposits under long-term purchase and supply agreements. 
                 
     
 
 (2) Included in this amount are approximately $35
million, $74 million and $46 million of interest costs that were capitalized as part of property, net in 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. 
 

   

 Short-Term Investments 

   

 Our short-term investments consist of available-for-sale
securities that are stated at fair value. Consistent with Corning’s cash investment policy, our short-term investments consist
primarily of fixed-income securities. Preservation of principal is the primary principle of our cash investment policy that is
carried out by limiting interest rate, reinvestment, security, quality and event risk. Our investments are generally liquid and
all are investment grade quality. The portfolio is invested predominantly in U.S. Treasury securities and high quality short term
government security money market funds. Unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, are computed on a specific identification basis
and are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in shareholders’ equity until realized.
Realized gains and losses are recorded in other income (expense), net. 

   

 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

   

 The Company’s allowance for doubtful
accounts is determined based on a variety of factors that affect the potential collectability of the related receivables, including
length of time receivables are past due, customer credit ratings, financial stability of customers, specific one-time events and
past customer history. In addition, in circumstances where the Company is made aware of a specific customer’s inability to
meet its financial obligations, a specific allowance is established. The majority of accounts are individually evaluated on a regular
basis and appropriate reserves are established as deemed appropriate based on the above criteria. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     89 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Environmental Liabilities 

   

 The Company accrues for its environmental
investigation, remediation, operating, and maintenance costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
can be reasonably estimated. For environmental matters, the most likely cost to be incurred is accrued based on an evaluation of
currently available facts with respect to each individual site, current laws and regulations and prior remediation experience.
For sites with multiple potential responsible parties, the Company considers its likely proportionate share of the anticipated
remediation costs and the ability of the other parties to fulfill their obligations in establishing a provision for those costs.
Where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely to occur than another, the minimum amount is accrued. When future liabilities
are determined to be reimbursable by insurance coverage, an accrual is recorded for the potential liability and a receivable is
recorded related to the insurance reimbursement when reimbursement is virtually certain. 

   

 The uncertain nature inherent in such remediation
and the possibility that initial estimates may not reflect the final outcome could result in additional costs being recognized
by the Company in future periods. 

   

 Inventories 

   

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
(first-in, first-out basis) or market. 

   

 Property, Net of Accumulated Depreciation 

   

 Land, buildings, and equipment, including
precious metals, are recorded at cost. Depreciation is based on estimated useful lives of properties using the straight-line method.
Except as described in Note 2 (Restructuring, Impairment and Other Charges) to the Consolidated Financial Statements related to
accelerated depreciation arising from restructuring programs and Note 9 (Property, Net of Accumulated Depreciation) of the Consolidated
Financial Statements related to the depletion of precious metals, the estimated useful lives range from 10 to 40 years for buildings
and 2 to 20 years for equipment. 

   

 Included in the subcategory of equipment
are the following types of assets (excluding precious metals): 

   

 
 
     Asset type   
     Range of useful life 
 
     Computer hardware and software   
     3 to 7 years 
 
     Manufacturing equipment   
     2 to 15 years 
 
     Furniture and fixtures   
     5 to 10 years 
 
     Transportation equipment   
     3 to 20 years 
 


   

 Manufacturing equipment includes certain
components of production equipment that are constructed of precious metals. These assets are not depreciated because they have
very low physical losses and are repeatedly reclaimed and reused in our manufacturing process over a very long useful life. We
treat the physical loss of precious metals in the manufacturing and reclamation process as depletion and account for these losses
as a period expense based on actual units lost. Precious metals are integral to many of our glass production processes. They are
only acquired to support our operations and are not held for trading or other purposes. 

   

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

   

 Goodwill is the excess of cost of an acquired
entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill relates to and
is assigned directly to a specific reporting unit. Reporting units are either operating segments or one level below the operating
segment. Impairment testing for goodwill is done at a reporting unit level. Goodwill is reviewed for indicators of impairment quarterly
or if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. Corning also performs a detailed,
two-step process every three years if no indicators suggest a test should be performed in the interim. We use this calculation
as quantitative validation of the step-zero qualitative process; this process does not represent an election to perform the two-step
process in place of the step-zero review. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     90 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 The qualitative process includes an extensive
review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasting future cash flows. If we are required to perform
the two-step impairment analysis, our valuation method is an “income approach” using a discounted cash flow model
in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to
their present value using an appropriate rate of return. Our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge
from our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends. If the fair value is less than the
carrying value, a loss is recorded to reflect the difference between the fair value and carrying value. 

   

 Other intangible assets include patents,
trademarks, and other intangible assets acquired from an independent party. Such intangible assets have a definite life and are
amortized on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives ranging from 4 to 50 years. 

   

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

   

 We review the recoverability of our long-lived
assets, such as plant and equipment and intangible assets, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate the carrying
value of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. When impairment indicators are present, we compare estimated undiscounted
future cash flows, including the eventual disposition of the asset group at market value, to the assets’ carrying value
to determine if the asset group is recoverable. For an asset group that fails the test of recoverability, the estimated fair value
of long-lived assets is determined using an “income approach” that starts with the forecast of all the expected future
net cash flows including the eventual disposition at market value of long-lived assets, and also considers the fair market value
of all precious metals. We assess the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets at the lowest level for which
identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. If there is an impairment,
a loss is recorded to reflect the difference between the assets’ fair value and carrying value. Refer to Note 2 (Restructuring,
Impairment and Other Charges) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail. 

   

 Treasury Stock 

   

 Shares of common stock repurchased by us
are recorded at cost as treasury stock and result in a reduction of shareholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
From time to time, treasury shares may be reissued as contributions to our employee benefit plans and for the retirement or conversion
of certain debt instruments. When shares are reissued, we use an average cost method for determining cost. The difference between
the cost of the shares and the reissuance price is added to or deducted from additional paid-in capital. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and for differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. 

   

 The effective income tax rate reflects our
assessment of the ultimate outcome of tax audits. In evaluating the tax benefits associated with our various tax filing positions,
we record a tax benefit for uncertain tax positions using the highest cumulative tax benefit that is more likely than not to be
realized. Adjustments are made to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the period in which we determine the issue is
effectively settled with the tax authorities, the statute of limitations expires for the return containing the tax position or
when new information becomes available. Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued penalties and interest,
is included in other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and in income tax
expense in our consolidated statements of earnings. 

   

 Discrete events such as audit settlements
or changes in tax laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. Valuation allowances are established when management
is unable to conclude that it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will ultimately be
realized. 

   

 The Company is subject to income taxes in
the United States and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. No provision is made for U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings
of wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries because substantially all such earnings are indefinitely reinvested in those companies. Provision
for the tax consequences of distributions, if any, from consolidated foreign subsidiaries is recorded in the year in which the
earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested in those subsidiaries. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 91 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Equity Method Investments 

   

 Our equity method investments are reviewed
for impairment on a periodic basis or if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying amount may be impaired.
This assessment is based on a review of the equity investments’ performance and a review of indicators of impairment to
determine if there is evidence of a loss in value of an equity investment. Factors we consider include: 

   

 
 • Absence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           recover
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           carrying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           amount; 

   

 
 

 • Inability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           affiliate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           sustain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           capacity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           would
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           justify
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           carrying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           investment;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           and 

   

 
 • Significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           litigation,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           bankruptcy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           events
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           could
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           impact
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           recoverability. 

   

 For an equity investment with impairment
indicators, we measure fair value on the basis of discounted cash flows or other appropriate valuation methods, depending on the
nature of the company involved. If it is probable that we will not recover the carrying amount of our investment, the impairment
is considered other-than-temporary and recorded in earnings, and the equity investment balance is reduced to its fair value accordingly.
We require our equity method affiliates to provide audited financial statements. Consequently, adjustments for asset recoverability
are included in equity earnings. We also utilize these financial statements in our recoverability assessment. 

   

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

   

 Major categories of financial assets and
liabilities, including short-term investments, other assets and derivatives are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Certain
assets and liabilities including long-lived assets, goodwill, asset retirement obligations, and cost and equity investments are
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

   

 Fair value is the price that would be received
from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, we consider
the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use
when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. 

   

 Derivative Instruments 

   

 We participate in a variety of foreign exchange
forward contracts and foreign exchange option contracts entered into in connection with the management of our exposure to fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates. We also entered into interest rate forwards to reduce the risk of changes in a benchmark interest rate
from the probable forecasted issuance of debt. These financial exposures are managed in accordance with corporate policies and
procedures. 

   

 All derivatives are recorded at fair value
on the balance sheet. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges and hedges of net investments in
foreign operations are not recognized in current operating results but are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
Amounts related to cash flow hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income when the underlying hedged item
impacts earnings. This reclassification is recorded in the same line item of the consolidated statement of operations as where
the effects of the hedged item are recorded, typically sales, royalties, or cost of sales. Changes in the fair value of derivatives
designated as fair value hedges are recorded currently in earnings offset, to the extent the derivative was effective, by the
change in the fair value of the hedged item. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are
recorded currently in earnings in the other income line of the consolidated statement of operations. 

   

 We have issued foreign currency denominated
debt that has been designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation. The effective portion of the changes in
fair value of the debt is reflected as a component of other comprehensive income as part of the foreign currency translation adjustment. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 92 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 New Accounting Standards 

   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2013-11 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward,
a Similar Tax Loss or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. With certain exceptions, ASU 2013-11 requires entities to present an unrecognized
tax benefit, or portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward,
a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2013 on either a prospective or retrospective basis with early adoption permitted. Corning does not expect adoption of this
guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2013-10 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Inclusion of the Fed Funds Effective Swap Rate (or Overnight
Index Swap Rate) as a Benchmark Interest Rate. ASU 2013-10 permits the use of the Fed Funds Effective Swap Rate as a benchmark
interest rate for hedge accounting in addition to interest rates on direct Treasury obligation of the United States government
and the LIBOR. In addition, the guidance removes the restriction on using different benchmark rates for similar hedges. The amendments
in ASU 2013-10 are effective prospectively for qualifying new or redesignated hedging relationships entered into on or after July
17, 2013. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 In March 2013, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-05 Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent’s Accounting for the Cumulative
Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an
Investment in a Foreign Entity. ASU 2013-05 clarifies when to release the cumulative translation adjustment into net income
for transactions involving the disposition of some or all of an investment or a business combination achieved in stages (step
acquisitions). The amendments are effective prospectively for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15,
2013. Corning does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations
and financial condition. 

   

 In February 2013, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-04 Liabilities (Topic 405): Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability
Arrangements for Which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date. ASU 2013-04 requires an entity to
measure such obligations as the sum of the amount that the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement
with co-obligors and any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The guidance is
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2013. Retrospective presentation for all comparative
periods presented is required with early adoption permitted. Corning does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a
material impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 
 2. Restructuring,
                                                                                                               Impairment and
                                                                                                               Other Charges 

   

 2013 Activity 

   

 To better align our 2014 cost position in
several of our businesses, Corning implemented a global restructuring plan within several of our segments in the fourth quarter
of 2013, consisting of workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs. We recorded charges of $67 million
associated with these actions, with total cash expenditures expected to be approximately $40 million. Annualized savings from
these actions are estimated to be approximately $40 million and will be reflected largely in selling, general, and administrative
expenses. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 93 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 The following table summarizes the restructuring,
impairment and other charges as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions): 

   



 
 
         
     Reserve at  January 1, 2013     
     Net Charges/  Reversals     
     Non cash 
 adjustments      
     Cash payments     
     Reserve at  December 31, 2013   
 
     Restructuring:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Employee
    related costs   
     $ 38     
     $ 34     
     $ (4 )   
     $ (32 )   
     $ 36   
 
     Other charges
    (credits)   
       4     
       7     
             
       (3 )   
       8   
 
     Total restructuring
    activity   
     $ 42     
     $ 41     
     $ (4 )   
     $ (35 )   
     $ 44   
 
     Impairment charges
    and disposal of long-lived assets   
             
     $ 26     
             
             
           
 
     Total
    restructuring, impairment and other charges   
             
     $ 67     
             
             
           
 





   

 Cash payments for employee-related and exit
activity related to the 2013 corporate-wide restructuring plan are expected to be substantially completed in 2014. 

   

 The year-to-date cost of these plans for
each of our reportable segments was as follows (in millions): 

   



 
 
     Operating
    segment   
     Employee-related 
     and other charges   
 
     Display
    Technologies   
     $ 5   
 
     Optical Communications   
       13   
 
     Environmental
    Technologies   
       1   
 
     Specialty Materials   
       25   
 
     Life Sciences   
       3   
 
     Corporate
    and All Other   
       20   
 
     Total
    restructuring, impairment and other charges   
     $ 67   
 




   

 2012 Activity 

   

 Corning implemented a corporate-wide restructuring
plan in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to uncertain global economic conditions, and the potential for slower growth in many of
our businesses in 2013. We recorded charges of $89 million, before tax, which included costs for workforce reductions, asset write-offs
and exit costs. Total cash expenditures associated with these actions are expected to be approximately $49 million. Annualized
savings from these actions are estimated to be approximately $71 million and will be reflected largely in selling, general, and
administrative expenses. 

   

 The Specialty Materials segment recorded
an impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2011 in the amount of $130 million related to certain assets used in the production
of large cover glass due to sales that were significantly below our expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2012, after reassessing
the large cover glass business, Corning concluded that the large cover glass market was developing differently in 2012 than our
expectations, demand for larger-sized cover glass was declining, and the market for this type of glass was instead targeting smaller
gen size products. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2012, our primary customer of large cover glass notified Corning of
its decision to exit from this display market. Based on these events, we recorded an additional impairment charge in the fourth
quarter of 2012 in the amount of $44 million, before tax. This impairment charge represents a write-down of assets specific to
the glass-strengthening process for large size cover glass to their fair market values, and includes machinery and equipment used
in the ion exchange process. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 94 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following table summarizes the restructuring,
impairment and other charges as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 (in millions): 

   



 
 
         
     Reserve at January 1, 2012     
     Net Charges/ Reversals     
     Non cash adjustments     
     Cash payments     
     Reserve at December 31, 2012   
 
     Restructuring:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Employee related costs   
     $ 2     
     $ 47     
     $ (7 )   
     $ (4 )   
     $ 38   
 
     Other charges (credits)   
       8     
       5     
       (5 )   
       (4 )   
       4   
 
     Total restructuring activity   
     $ 10     
     $ 52     
     $ (12 )   
     $ (8 )   
     $ 42   
 
     Impairment charges and disposal of long-lived assets:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Assets to be held and used   
             
             
       44     
             
           
 
     Assets to be disposed of   
             
             
     $ 37     
             
           
 
     Total asset impairment charges and disposals   
             
             
     $ 81     
             
           
 
     Total
    restructuring, impairment and other charges   
             
             
     $ 133     
             
           
 





   

 Cash payments for employee-related costs
related to the 2012 corporate-wide restructuring plan were substantially completed in 2013. Cash payments for exit activities
were substantially completed in 2012. 

   

 2011 Activity 

   

 During the fourth quarter of 2011, the Specialty
Materials segment recorded an impairment charge related to certain assets used in the ion exchange process for the production
of large cover glass. Although sales of Corning Gorilla Glass used in our large cover glass products increased in 2011 when compared
to 2010, gross margins continued to be weak and sales volumes were significantly below our expectations in 2011 and both sales
and margins were expected to be lower than forecasted in 2012. As a result, certain assets located in Japan used in the ion exchange
process for the production of large cover glass were written down to estimated fair value in the fourth quarter of 2011 and an
impairment loss of $130 million was recognized. This asset group includes machinery and equipment used in the ion exchange process
and facilities dedicated to the ion exchange process. 

   

 The following table summarizes the restructuring,
impairment and other charges as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 (in millions): 

   



 
 
         
     Reserve at January 1, 2011     
     Net 
charges/ (reversals)     
     Cash payments     
     Reserve at December 31, 2011   
 
     Restructuring:   
             
             
             
           
 
     Employee related costs   
     $ 15     
     $ (1 )   
     $ (12 )   
     $ 2   
 
     Other charges (credits)   
       12     
             
       (4 )   
       8   
 
     Total restructuring activity   
     $ 27     
     $ (1 )   
     $ (16 )   
     $ 10   
 
     Impairment of long-lived asset:   
             
             
             
           
 
     Assets to be held and used   
             
     $ 130     
             
           
 
     Total impairment charges   
             
     $ 130     
             
           
 
     Total restructuring,
    impairment and other charges   
             
     $ 129     
             
           
 





   

 Cash payments for exit activities and employee-related
costs related to the 2011 corporate-wide restructuring plan were substantially completed in 2012. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 95 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 3. 	Available-for-Sale Investments 

   

 The following is a summary of the fair value
of available-for-sale securities (in millions): 

   

 
 
       Amortized cost December 31,   
     Fair value December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                                            2013 
                                                                                                                                  
     2012 
           
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
         
 
     Bonds, notes and other securities:   
             
             
       
             
           
 
     U.S. government and agencies   
     $ 530     
     $ 1,153     
       
     $ 531     
     $ 1,156   
 
     Total short-term investments   
     $ 530     
     $ 1,153     
       
     $ 531     
     $ 1,156   
 
     Asset-backed securities   
     $ 46     
     $ 51     
       
     $ 38     
     $ 40   
 
     Total long-term investments   
     $ 46     
     $ 51     
       
     $ 38     
     $ 40   
 

   

 We do not intend to sell, nor do we believe
it is more likely than not that we would be required to sell, the long-term investment asset-backed securities (which are collateralized
by mortgages) before recovery of their amortized cost basis. It is possible that a significant degradation in the delinquency or
foreclosure rates in the underlying assets could cause further temporary or other-than-temporary impairments in the future. 

   

 The following table summarizes the contractual
maturities of available-for-sale securities at December 31, 2013 (in millions): 

   

 
 
     Less than one year   
     $ 436   
 
     Due in 1-5 years   
       95   
 
     Due in 5-10 years   
       0   
 
     Due after 10 years (1)   
       38   
 
     Total   
     $ 569   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Included
    in the maturity table is $38 million of asset-based securities that mature over time and are being reported at their final
    maturity dates. 
 
   

 Unrealized gains and losses, net of tax,
are computed on a specific identification basis and are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss
in shareholders’ equity until realized. 

   

 The following tables provide the fair value
and gross unrealized losses of the Company’s investments and unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily
impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized
loss position at December 31, 2013 and 2012: 

   

 
 
         
         December 31, 2013   
 
         
     Number of     
     12 months or greater     
     Total   
 
     (In millions)   
     securities in a loss position     
     Fair value     
     Unrealized losses (1)     
     Fair value     
     Unrealized losses   
 
     Asset-backed securities   
       20     
     $ 38     
     $ (8 )   
     $ 38     
     $ (8 ) 
 
     Total
    long-term investments   
       20     
     $ 38     
     $ (8 )   
     $ 38     
     $ (8 ) 
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Unrealized
losses in securities less than 12 months were not significant. 
 
   

 
 
         
         December 31, 2012   
 
         
     Number of     
     12 months or greater     
     Total   
 
     (In millions)   
     securities in a loss position     
     Fair value     
     Unrealized losses (1)     
     Fair value     
     Unrealized losses   
 
     Asset-backed securities   
       22     
     $ 40     
     $ (11 )   
     $ 40     
     $ (11 ) 
 
     Total long-term
    investments   
       22     
     $ 40     
     $ (11 )   
     $ 40     
     $ (11 ) 
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Unrealized
    losses in securities less than 12 months were not significant. 
 
   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, for securities
that have credit losses, an unrealized loss on other than temporary impaired securities of $6 million and $9 million, respectively,
is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

   

 Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term
investments totaled $2 billion, $2.3 billion and $3.2 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 

   

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 96 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 4. 	Significant Customers 

   

 For 2013, Corning’s sales to AU Optronics
Corporation, a customer of our Display Technology segment, represented 10% of the Company’s consolidated net sales. In 2012,
no customers met or exceeded 10% of Corning’s consolidated net sales. For 2011, Corning’s sales to Sharp Electronics
Corporation, a customer of our Display Technologies segment, represented 10% of the Company’s consolidated net sales. 

   

 5. 	Inventories 

   

 Inventories comprise the following (in millions): 

   

 
 
       December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                                          2013 
                                                                                                                                
     2012 
         
 
     Finished goods   
     $ 486     
     $ 392   
 
     Work in process   
       234     
       168   
 
     Raw materials and accessories   
       311     
       271   
 
     Supplies and packing materials   
       239     
       220   
 
     Total inventories   
     $ 1,270     
     $ 1,051   
 

   

 6. 	Income Taxes 

   

 Income before income taxes follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                                            2013 
                                                                                                                                  
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     U.S. companies   
     $ 1,274     
     $ 382     
     $ 988   
 
     Non-U.S. companies   
       1,199     
       1,593     
       2,243   
 
     Income before income taxes   
     $ 2,473     
     $ 1,975     
     $ 3,231   
 

   

 The current and deferred amounts of the provision
(benefit) for income taxes follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                                            2013 
                                                                                                                                  
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Current:   
             
             
           
 
     Federal   
     $ 3     
     $ (4 )   
     $ (2 ) 
 
     State and municipal   
       12     
       3     
       6   
 
     Foreign   
       308     
       321     
       289   
 
     Deferred:   
             
             
           
 
     Federal   
       112     
       143     
       173   
 
     State and municipal   
       50     
       (8 )   
       14   
 
     Foreign   
       27     
       (116 )   
       (66 ) 
 
     Provision for income taxes   
     $ 512     
     $ 339     
     $ 414   
 

   

 Amounts are reflected in the preceding tables
based on the location of the taxing authorities.  

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 97 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Reconciliation of the U.S. statutory income
tax rate to our effective tax rate for continuing operations follows: 

   

 
 
       Years ended December 31, 
 
       2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Statutory U.S. income tax rate   
       35.0 %   
       35.0 %   
       35.0 % 
 
     State income tax (benefit), net of federal effect   
       0.6     
       0.2     
       0.1   
 
     Tax holidays (1)   
       (1.2 )   
       (1.7 )   
       (2.0 ) 
 
     Investment and other tax credits (2)   
       (2.0 )   
       (1.1 )   
       (0.7 ) 
 
     Rate difference on foreign earnings   
       (8.1 ) (4)   
       (2.4 )   
       (4.5 ) 
 
     Equity earnings impact (3)   
       (6.6 )   
       (13.6 )   
       (14.9 ) 
 
     Dividend repatriation   
       0.2     
       0.4     
       (0.4 ) (5) 
 
     Valuation allowances   
       3.1 
 (6)   
   
       (0.1 )   
       0.4   
 
     Other items, net   
       (0.3 )   
       0.5     
       (0.2 ) 
 
     Effective income tax (benefit) rate*   
       20.7 %   
       17.2 %   
       12.8 % 
 

   

 
 
     * 
     Includes
    impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied
    to prior periods. 
 
       
       
 
     (1) 
     Primarily
    related to a subsidiary in Taiwan operating under tax holiday arrangements. The nature and extent of such arrangements vary,
    and the benefits of existing arrangements phase out in future years (through 2018). The impact of tax holidays on net income
    per share on a diluted basis was $0.02 in 2013, $0.02 in 2012 and $0.04 in 2011. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Primarily
    related to research and development credits in U.S.  
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     Equity
    in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates reported in the financials net of tax. The decrease from 2012 – 2013 was driven
    by significantly lower earnings from Samsung Corning Precision Materials. 
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     $74
    million of tax benefit increase was due to $37 million expense recorded in 2012 that was reversed in the first quarter of
    2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the American Taxpayer Relief Act enacted on January 3, 2013. Additional
    increase in the benefit was attributable to excess foreign tax credits realized in U.S. 
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     Includes
    benefit of amending 2006 U.S. Federal return to claim foreign tax credits. 
 
       
       
 
     (6) 
     Primarily
    related to change in judgment on the realizability of Australia and certain state deferred tax assets. 
 
   

 The tax effects of temporary differences
and carryforwards that gave rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                                            2013 
                                                                                                                                  
     2012 
         
 
     Loss and tax credit carryforwards   
     $ 1,788     
     $ 1,923   
 
     Other Assets   
       63     
       72   
 
     Asset impairments and restructuring reserves   
       172     
       168   
 
     Postretirement medical and life benefits   
       290     
       357   
 
     Fixed assets   
       85     
       89   
 
     Other accrued liabilities   
       320     
       268   
 
     Other employee benefits   
       387     
       486   
 
     Gross deferred tax assets   
       3,105     
       3,363   
 
     Valuation allowance   
       (286 )   
       (210 ) 
 
     Total deferred tax assets   
       2,819     
       3,153   
 
     Intangible and other assets   
       (321 )   
       (246 ) 
 
     Total deferred tax liabilities   
       (321 )   
       (246 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ 2,498     
     $ 2,907   
 

   

 The net deferred tax assets are classified
in our consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                                            2013 
                                                                                                                                  
     2012 
         
 
     Current deferred tax assets   
     $ 278     
     $ 579   
 
     Non-current deferred tax assets   
       2,234     
       2,343   
 
     Current deferred tax liabilities   
       (1 )   
       (4 ) 
 
     Non-current deferred tax liabilities   
       (13 )   
       (11 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ 2,498     
     $ 2,907   
 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 98 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Details on deferred tax assets for loss and
tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2013 follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
         Expiration 
 
         
     Amount     
     2014-2018     
     2019-2023     
     2024-2033     
     Indefinite   
 
     Net operating losses   
     $ 429     
     $ 86     
     $ 124     
             
     $ 219   
 
     Capital losses   
       7     
       7     
             
             
           
 
     Tax credits   
       1,352     
       169     
       999     
     $ 143     
       41   
 
     Totals as of December 31, 2013   
     $ 1,788     
     $ 262     
     $ 1,123     
     $ 143     
     $ 260   
 

   

 The recognition of windfall tax benefits
from stock-based compensation deducted on the tax return is prohibited until realized through a reduction of income tax payable.
Cumulative tax benefits totaling $313 million will be recorded in additional paid-in-capital when the net operating loss and credit
carry forwards are utilized and the windfall tax benefit can be realized. 

   

 Deferred tax assets are to be reduced by
a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not (a likelihood
of greater than 50 percent) that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Corning has valuation allowances
on certain shorter-lived deferred tax assets such as those represented by capital loss carry forwards and state tax net operating
loss carry forwards, as well as other foreign net operating loss carryforwards and federal and state tax credits, because we cannot
conclude that it is more likely than not that we will earn income of the character required to utilize these assets before they
expire. The amount of U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets that have remaining valuation allowances at December 31, 2013 and 2012
was $286 million and $210 million, respectively. 

   

 The following is a tabular reconciliation
of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
                                                                                                  2013 
                                                                                                        
     2012 
         
 
     Balance at January 1   
     $ 16     
     $ 21   
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to the current year   
       1     
       1   
 
     Additions for tax positions of prior years   
             
       2   
 
     Reductions for tax positions of prior years   
             
           
 
     Settlements and lapse of statute of limitations   
       (2 )   
       (8 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31   
     $ 15     
     $ 16   
 

   

 Included in the balance at December 31, 2013
and 2012 are $7 million and $11 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that would impact our effective tax rate if
recognized. 

   

 We recognize accrued interest and penalties
associated with uncertain tax positions as part of tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the amounts
recognized in interest expense and income were immaterial. The amounts accrued at December 31, 2013 and 2012 for the payment of
interest and penalties were not significant. 

   

 While we expect the amount of unrecognized
tax benefits to change in the next 12 months, we do not expect the change to have a significant impact on the results of operations
or our financial position. 

   

 Corning Incorporated, as the common parent
company, and all 80%-or-more-owned of its U.S. subsidiaries join in the filing of consolidated U.S. federal income tax returns.
All such returns for periods ended through December 31, 2004, have been audited by and settled with the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). The statute of limitations to audit the 2007, 2008 and 2009 U.S. federal income tax expired in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively.
The statute for the 2005 tax return has closed except to the extent the loss generated in 2005 is utilized in future years. The
statute for U.S. foreign tax and research and experimentation credit carryforwards generated through 2009 will remain open until
the credits are utilized in future years. 

   

 Corning Incorporated and its U.S. subsidiaries
file income tax returns on a combined, unitary or stand-alone basis in multiple state and local jurisdictions, which generally
have statutes of limitations ranging from 3 to 5 years. Various state income tax returns are currently in the process of examination
or administrative appeal. 

   

 Our foreign subsidiaries file income tax
returns in the countries in which they have operations. Generally, these countries have statutes of limitations ranging from 3
to 7 years. Years still open to examination by foreign tax authorities in major jurisdictions include Japan (2008 onward) and Taiwan
(2012 onward). 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 99 
 
   

 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Corning continues to indefinitely reinvest
substantially all of its foreign earnings, with the exception of approximately $12 million of earnings that have very low or no
tax cost associated with their repatriation. Our current analysis indicates that we have sufficient U.S. liquidity, including borrowing
capacity, to fund foreseeable U.S. cash needs without requiring the repatriation of foreign cash. One time or unusual items that
may impact our ability or intent to keep our foreign earnings and cash indefinitely reinvested include significant U.S. acquisitions,
stock repurchases, shareholder dividends, changes in tax laws and/or a change in our circumstances or economic conditions that
negatively impact our ability to borrow or otherwise fund U.S. needs from existing U.S. sources. As of December 31, 2013, taxes
have not been provided on approximately $12.4 billion of accumulated foreign unremitted earnings that are expected to remain invested
indefinitely. While it remains impracticable to calculate the tax cost of repatriating our total unremitted foreign earnings, such
cost could be material to the results of operations of Corning in a particular period. 

   

 7.
 Investments 

   

 Investments comprise the following (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
         
     Ownership     
     December
    31, 
 
         
     interest (1)     
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
         
 
     Affiliated companies accounted for by the equity method   
             
       
             
           
 
     Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
       57 %   
       
     $ 3,709     
     $ 3,346   
 
     Dow Corning   
       50 %   
       
       1,420     
       1,191   
 
     All other   
       20% to 50 %   
       
       390     
       375   
 
         
             
       
       5,519     
       4,912   
 
     Other investments   
             
       
       18     
       3   
 
     Total   
             
       
     $ 5,537     
     $ 4,915   
 
 

 
 
     (1) 
     Amounts reflect Corning’s direct ownership interests in the respective affiliated companies. Corning does not control any of such entities. 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     100 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Affiliated Companies at Equity 

   

 The results of operations and financial position
of the investments accounted for under the equity method follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
     
       Years
                                               ended December 31, 
 
       
         
                                                                                      2013 
                                                                                            
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Statement of operations (2) : 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net sales 
         
     $ 8,526     
     $ 9,957     
     $ 11,381   
 
     Gross profit 
         
     $ 2,655     
     $ 3,628     
     $ 5,161   
 
     Net income 
         
     $ 1,135     
     $ 1,541     
     $ 2,925   
 
     Corning’s equity in earnings of affiliated companies 
         
     $ 547     
     $ 810     
     $ 1,471   
 
     Related party transactions: 
         
             
             
           
 
     Corning sales to affiliated companies 
         
     $ 13     
     $ 50     
     $ 30   
 
     Corning purchases from affiliated companies 
         
     $ 189     
     $ 167     
     $ 138   
 
     Corning transfers of assets, at cost, to affiliated companies (1) 
         
     $ 37     
     $ 55     
     $ 113   
 
     Dividends received from affiliated companies 
         
     $ 629     
     $ 1,089     
     $ 820   
 
     Royalty income from affiliated companies 
         
     $ 57     
     $ 84     
     $ 221   
 
     Corning services to affiliates 
         
     $ 2     
     $ 24     
     $ 50   
 
   

 

 
 
       
       December
                                               31, 
 
       
         
                                                                                      2013 
                                                                                            
     2012 
         
 
     Balance sheet (2) : 
         
             
           
 
     Current assets 
         
     $ 8,416     
     $ 8,458   
 
     Noncurrent assets 
         
     $ 12,220     
     $ 13,457   
 
     Short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt 
         
     $ 79     
     $ 209   
 
     Other current liabilities 
         
     $ 1,886     
     $ 1,985   
 
     Long-term debt 
         
     $ 937     
     $ 847   
 
     Other long-term liabilities 
         
     $ 6,502     
     $ 7,681   
 
     Non-controlling interest 
         
     $ 619     
     $ 708   
 
     Related party transactions: 
         
           
           
 
     Balances due from affiliated companies 
         
     $ 45     
     $ 61   
 
     Balances due to affiliated companies 
         
     $ 5     
     $ 37   
 





 
 
     (1) 
     Corning purchases machinery and equipment on behalf of Samsung Corning Precision Materials to support its capital expansion initiatives. The machinery and equipment are transferred to Samsung Corning Precision Materials at our cost basis, resulting in no revenue or gain being recognized on the transaction. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     As
    a     result of the series of strategic and financial agreements with Samsung Display entered into on October 22, 2013,
    certain non-operating assets of Samsung Corning Precision Materials were held for sale as of December 31, 2013 and are
    reported as discontinued operations in Samsung Corning Precision Materials financial statements, which are attached in Item
    15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Previous period amounts have been conformed for comparative purposes. 
 


 

   

 We have contractual agreements with several
of our equity affiliates which include sales, purchasing, licensing and technology agreements. 

   

 At December 31, 2013, approximately $4.7
billion of equity in undistributed earnings of equity companies was included in our retained earnings. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     101 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 A discussion and summarized results of Corning’s
significant affiliates at December 31, 2013 follows: 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd. (Samsung Corning
Precision Materials) 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials is a
South Korea-based manufacturer of liquid crystal display glass for flat panel displays. 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials’
financial position and results of operations follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
       Years
                                               ended December 31, 
 
       
         
                                                                                      2013 
                                                                                            
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Statement
    of operations (2) :   
         
             
             
           
 
     Net sales 
         
     $ 2,149     
     $ 2,965     
     $ 3,939   
 
     Gross profit 
         
     $ 1,196     
     $ 2,000     
     $ 2,887   
 
     Net income attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
         
     $ 649     
     $ 1,390     
     $ 2,061   
 
     Corning’s equity in earnings of Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
         
     $ 320     
     $ 699     
     $ 1,031   
 
     Related party transactions: 
         
             
             
           
 
     Corning sales to Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
         
     $ 7     
     $ 22     
           
 
     Corning purchases from Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
         
     $ 160     
     $ 126     
     $ 107   
 
     Corning transfer of machinery and equipment to Samsung Corning Precision Materials at cost (1) 
         
     $ 37     
     $ 55     
     $ 113   
 
     Dividends received from Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
         
     $ 518     
     $ 979     
     $ 492   
 
     Royalty income from Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
         
     $ 56     
     $ 83     
     $ 219   
 
   

 
 
       
       December
                                               31, 
 
       
         
                                                                                      2013 
                                                                                            
     2012 
         
 
     Balance sheet (2) : 
         
             
           
 
     Current assets 
         
     $ 3,565     
     $ 3,491   
 
     Noncurrent assets 
         
     $ 3,522     
     $ 3,895   
 
     Other current liabilities 
         
     $ 337     
     $ 405   
 
     Other long-term liabilities 
         
     $ 211     
     $ 253   
 
     Non-controlling interest 
         
     $ 10     
     $ 12   
 



 

 
 
     (1) 
     Corning
    purchases machinery and equipment on behalf of Samsung Corning Precision Materials to support its capital expansion initiatives.
    The machinery and equipment are transferred to Samsung Corning Precision Materials at our cost basis, resulting in no revenue
    or gain being recognized on the transaction. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     As
    a result of the series of strategic and financial agreements with Samsung Display entered into on October 22, 2013, certain
    non-operating assets of Samsung Corning Precision Materials were held for sale as of December 31, 2013 and are reported as
    discontinued operations in Samsung Corning Precision Materials financial statements, which are attached in Item 15, Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules. Previous period amounts have been conformed for comparative purposes. 
 
   

 In the year ended December 31, 2013, Corning’s
equity earnings were negatively impacted by $54 million as a result of higher taxes due to the partial expiration of tax holidays
in Korea. 

   

 Balances due from Samsung Corning Precision
Materials were $8 million at December 31, 2013. Balances due to Samsung Corning Precision Materials were $2 million at December
31, 2013. Balances due from Samsung Corning Precision Materials were $15 million at December 31, 2012. Balances due to Samsung
Corning Precision Materials were $34 million at December 31, 2012. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     102 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Prior to December 2013, Corning owned 50%
of Samsung Corning Precision Materials, Samsung Display Co., Ltd. owned 43% and three shareholders owned the remaining 7%. In the
fourth quarter of 2013, in connection with a series of strategic and financial agreements with Samsung Display announced in October
2013, Corning acquired the minority interests of three shareholders in Samsung Corning Precision Materials for $506 million, which
included payment for the transfer of non-operating assets and the pro-rata portion of cash on Samsung Corning Precision Materials
balance sheet at September 30, 2013. The resulting transfer of shares to Corning increased Corning’s ownership percentage
of Samsung Corning Precision Materials from 50% to 57%. Because this transaction did not result in a change in control based on
the governing articles of this entity, Corning did not consolidate this entity as of December 31, 2013. On January 15, 2014, Corning
completed the series of strategic and financial agreements to acquire the common shares of Samsung Corning Precision Materials
previously held by Samsung Display Co., Ltd. As a result of these transactions, Corning is now the owner of 100% of the common
shares of Samsung Corning Precision Materials, which we will consolidate into our results beginning in the first quarter of 2014. 

   

 In April 2011, South Korean tax authorities
completed a tax audit of Samsung Corning Precision Materials. As a result, the tax authorities issued a pre-assessment of approximately
$46 million for an asserted underpayment of withholding tax on dividends paid from September 2006 through March 2009. Our first
level of appeal was denied on October 5, 2011 and a formal assessment was issued. The assessment was paid in full in the fourth
quarter of 2011, allowing us to continue the appeal process. Samsung Corning Precision Materials and Corning believe we will maintain
our position when all available appeal remedies have been exhausted. 

   

 On December 31, 2007, Samsung Corning Precision
Materials acquired all of the outstanding shares of Samsung Corning Co., Ltd. (Samsung Corning). After the transaction, Corning
retained its 50% interest in Samsung Corning Precision Materials. Prior to their merger, Samsung Corning Precision Materials and
Samsung Corning were two of approximately thirty co-defendants in a lawsuit filed by Seoul Guarantee Insurance Co. and thirteen
other creditors (SGI and Creditors) for alleged breach of an agreement that approximately twenty-eight affiliates of the Samsung
group (Samsung Affiliates) entered into with SGI and Creditors on August 24, 1999 (the Agreement). The lawsuit is pending in the
courts of South Korea. Under the Agreement, it is alleged that the Samsung Affiliates agreed to sell certain shares of Samsung
Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (SLI), which had been transferred to SGI and Creditors in connection with the petition for court receivership
of Samsung Motors Inc. In the lawsuit, SGI and Creditors allege a breach of the Agreement by the Samsung Affiliates and are seeking
the loss of principal (approximately $1.95 billion) for loans extended to Samsung Motors Inc., default interest and a separate
amount for breach. On January 31, 2008, the Seoul District Court ordered the Samsung Affiliates: to pay approximately $1.3 billion
by disposing of 2,334,045 shares of SLI less 1,165,955 shares of SLI previously sold by SGI and Creditors and paying the proceeds
to SGI and Creditors; to satisfy any shortfall by participating in the purchase of equity or subordinate debentures issued by them;
and pay default interest of 6% per annum. The ruling was appealed. On November 10, 2009, the Appellate Court directed the parties
to attempt to resolve this matter through mediation. On January 11, 2011, the Appellate Court ordered the Samsung Affiliates to
pay 600 billion won in principal and 20 billion won in delayed interest to SGI and Creditors. Samsung promptly paid those amounts,
which approximated $550 million when translated to United States dollars, from a portion of an escrow account established upon
completion of SLI’s initial public offering (IPO) on May 7, 2010. On February 7, 2011, the Samsung Affiliates appealed the
Appellate Court’s ruling to the Supreme Court of Korea and the appeal is currently in progress. Samsung Corning Precision
Materials has not contributed to any payment related to these disputes, and has concluded that no provision for loss should be
reflected in its financial statements. Other than as described above, no claim in these matters has been asserted against Corning
or any of its affiliates. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     103 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Dow Corning 

   

 Dow Corning is a U.S.-based manufacturer of
silicone products. Corning and Dow Chemical each own half of Dow Corning. 

   

 Dow Corning’s financial position and
results of operations follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
       Years
                                               ended December 31, 
 
       
         
                                                                                      2013 
                                                                                            
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Statement of operations: 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net sales 
         
     $ 5,711   
     $ 6,119     
     $ 6,427   
 
     Gross profit (1) 
         
     $ 1,280     
     $ 1,413     
     $ 1,989   
 
     Net income attributable to Dow Corning 
         
     $ 376     
     $ 181     
     $ 806   
 
     Corning’s equity in earnings of Dow Corning 
         
     $ 196     
     $ 90     
     $ 404   
 
     Related party transactions: 
         
             
             
           
 
     Corning purchases from Dow Corning 
         
     $ 22     
     $ 23     
     $ 22   
 
     Dividends received from Dow Corning 
         
     $ 100     
     $ 100     
     $ 310   
 

   

 
 
       
       December 31, 
 
       
         
                                                                                      2013 
                                                                                            
     2012 
         
 
     Balance sheet: 
         
             
           
 
     Current assets 
         
     $ 3,996     
     $ 4,117   
 
     Noncurrent assets 
         
     $ 8,306     
     $ 9,184   
 
     Short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt 
         
     $ 79     
     $ 209   
 
     Other current liabilities 
         
     $ 1,267     
     $ 1,304   
 
     Long-term debt 
         
     $ 937     
     $ 844   
 
     Other long-term liabilities 
         
     $ 6,240     
     $ 7,371   
 
     Non-controlling interest 
         
     $ 606     
     $ 687   
 

 
 
     (1) 
     Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2013 includes R&D cost of $248 million (2012: $281 million and 2011: $259 million) and selling expenses of $13 million (2012: $15 million and $2011: $25 million). 
 
   

 Beginning in the latter half of 2011, and
continuing into 2012, Dow Corning began experiencing unfavorable industry conditions at Hemlock, a producer of high purity polycrystalline
silicon for the semiconductor and solar industries, driven by over-capacity at all levels of the solar industry supply chain.
This over-capacity led to significant declines in polycrystalline spot prices in the fourth quarter of 2011, and prices remained
depressed throughout 2012. In 2013, markets stabilized, but prices remained significantly below historical levels. 

   

 Due to the conditions and
uncertainties during 2012 described above, sales volume declined and production levels of certain operating assets were
reduced. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2012, Dow Corning determined that a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion
previously delayed since the fourth quarter of 2011 would no longer be economically viable and made the decision to abandon
this expansion activity. The abandonment resulted in an impairment charge of $57 million, before tax, for Corning’s
share of the write down in the value of these construction-in-progress assets. Further, the startup of another
polycrystalline silicon plant expansion that was expected to begin production in 2013 was delayed and the assets remain
idled. Production will only commence when sales volumes increase to levels necessary to support the plant’s capacity.
The timing for startup of this expansion is uncertain and future adverse conditions may cause Dow Corning to re-evaluate the
long-term viability of the idled assets. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     104 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Additionally, during the fourth quarter of
2012, these negative events and circumstances at Dow Corning indicated that assets of Dow Corning’s polycrystalline silicon
business might be impaired. In accordance with accounting guidance for impairment of long-lived assets, Dow Corning compared estimated
undiscounted cash flows to the assets’ carrying value and determined that the asset group was recoverable as of December
31, 2012. Upon receiving the preliminary determination notices from MOFCOM in the third quarter of 2013, Dow Corning again evaluated
whether the polycrystalline silicon assets might be impaired. The estimate of future undiscounted cash flows continued to indicate
the assets were expected to be recovered. However, it is reasonably possible that the estimate of undiscounted cash flows may change
in the near term resulting in the need to write down those assets to fair value. Dow Corning’s estimate of cash flows might
change as a result of continued pricing deterioration, ongoing oversupply in the market, or other adverse market conditions that
result in non-performance by customers under long-term contracts. Corning’s share of the carrying value of this asset group
is approximately $1.0 billion. 

   

 In July 2012, MOFCOM initiated antidumping
and countervailing duty investigations of imports of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon products from the U.S. and Korea based
on a petition filed by Chinese solar-grade polycrystalline silicon producers. The petition alleged that producers within these
countries exported solar-grade polycrystalline silicon to China at less than fair value and that production of solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon in the U.S. has been subsidized by the U.S. government. On July 18, 2013, MOFCOM announced its preliminary
determination that China’s solar-grade polycrystalline silicon industry suffered material damage because of dumping by producers
in the U.S. and Korea. The Chinese authorities imposed provisional antidumping duties on producers in the U.S. and Korea ranging
from 2.4% to 57.0%, including duties of 53.3% on future imports of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon product from the Dow Corning
subsidiary into China. On September 16, 2013, the Chinese authorities imposed provisional countervailing duties of 6.5%. On January
20, 2014, MOFCOM issued a final determination. The final determination resulted in no change to the antidumping duties, and the
countervailing duties were reduced to 2.1%. The requirement for customers to pay provisional duties on imports from solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon producers became effective on July 24, 2013 for the antidumping duties and on September 20, 2013 for
the countervailing duties, adjusted for the final determination. Dow Corning will not be subject to duties for previous sales,
and is evaluating possible actions in response to the final determination. 

   

 In 1995, Corning fully impaired its investment
in Dow Corning after it filed for bankruptcy protection. Corning did not recognize net equity earnings from the second quarter
of 1995 through the end of 2002. Corning began recognizing equity earnings in the first quarter of 2003 when management concluded
that Dow Corning’s emergence from bankruptcy was probable. Corning considers the $171 million difference between the carrying
value of its investment in Dow Corning and its 50% share of Dow Corning’s equity to be permanent. 

   

 Corning and Dow Chemical each own 50% of
the common stock of Dow Corning. In May 1995, Dow Corning filed for bankruptcy protection to address pending and claimed liabilities
arising from many thousands of breast implant product lawsuits. On June 1, 2004, Dow Corning emerged from Chapter 11 with a Plan
of Reorganization (the Plan) which provided for the settlement or other resolution of implant claims. The Plan also includes releases
for Corning and Dow Chemical as shareholders in exchange for contributions to the Plan. 

   

 Under the terms of the Plan, Dow Corning
has established and is funding a Settlement Trust and a Litigation Facility to provide a means for tort claimants to settle or
litigate their claims. Inclusive of insurance, Dow Corning has paid approximately $1.8 billion to the Settlement Trust. As of December
31, 2013, Dow Corning had recorded a reserve for breast implant litigation of $1.6 billion. 

   

 As a separate matter arising from the bankruptcy
proceedings, Dow Corning is defending claims asserted by a number of commercial creditors who claim additional interest at default
rates and enforcement costs, during the period from May 1995 through June 2004. As of December 31, 2013, Dow Corning has estimated
the liability to commercial creditors to be within the range of $94 million to $309 million. As Dow Corning management believes
no single amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range, Dow Corning has recorded
the minimum liability within the range. Should Dow Corning not prevail in this matter, Corning’s equity earnings would be
reduced by its 50% share of the amount in excess of $94 million, net of applicable tax benefits. There are a number of other claims
in the bankruptcy proceedings against Dow Corning awaiting resolution by the U.S. District Court, and it is reasonably possible
that Dow Corning may record bankruptcy-related charges in the future. The remaining tort claims against Dow Corning are expected
to be channeled by the Plan into facilities established by the Plan or otherwise defended by the Litigation Facility. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     105 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Pittsburgh Corning Corporation and
Asbestos Litigation.  Corning and PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) each own 50% of the capital stock of Pittsburgh Corning Corporation
(PCC). Over a period of more than two decades, PCC and several other defendants have been named in numerous lawsuits involving
claims alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos. On April 16, 2000, PCC filed for Chapter 11 reorganization in the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. At the time PCC filed for bankruptcy protection, there were approximately
11,800 claims pending against Corning in state court lawsuits alleging various theories of liability based on exposure to PCC’s
asbestos products and typically requesting monetary damages in excess of one million dollars per claim. Corning has defended those
claims on the basis of the separate corporate status of PCC and the absence of any facts supporting claims of direct liability
arising from PCC’s asbestos products. 

   

 PCC Plan of Reorganization 

   

 Corning, with other relevant parties,
has been involved in ongoing efforts to develop a Plan of Reorganization that would resolve the concerns and objections of the
relevant courts and parties. On November 12, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court issued a decision finally confirming an Amended PCC Plan
of Reorganization (the “Amended PCC Plan” or the “Plan”). 

   

 Under this Plan, Corning is required to
contribute its equity interests in PCC and Pittsburgh Corning Europe N.V. (PCE), a Belgian corporation, and to contribute $290
million in a fixed series of payments, recorded at present value. Corning has the option to use its shares rather than cash to
make these payments, but the liability is fixed by dollar value and not the number of shares. The Plan requires Corning to make:
(1) one payment of $70 million one year from the date the Plan becomes effective and certain conditions are met; and (2) five additional
payments of $35 million, $50 million, $35 million, $50 million, and $50 million, respectively, on each of the five subsequent
anniversaries of the first payment, the final payment of which is subject to reduction based on the application of credits under
certain circumstances. 

   

 The Bankruptcy Court’s confirmation
of the Plan must be affirmed by the District Court, and two objectors to the Plan have appealed the Bankruptcy Court’s confirmation
of the Plan to the District Court. Assuming the District Court affirms the confirmation, that decision may be appealed. If that
occurs, it could take many months for the confirmation of the Plan to be finally affirmed. 

   

 Non-PCC Asbestos Litigation  

   

 In addition to the claims against Corning
related to its ownership interest in PCC, Corning is also the defendant in approximately 9,700 other cases (approximately 37,400
claims) alleging injuries from asbestos related to its Corhart business and similar amounts of monetary damages per case. When
PCC filed for bankruptcy protection, the Court granted a preliminary injunction to suspend all asbestos cases against PCC, PPG
and Corning – including these non-PCC asbestos cases (the “stay”). The stay remains in place as of the date of
this filing. Under the Bankruptcy Court’s order confirming the Amended PCC Plan, the stay will remain in place until the
Amended PCC Plan is finally affirmed. These non-PCC asbestos cases have been covered by insurance without material impact to Corning
to date. As of December 31, 2013, Corning had received for these cases approximately $19 million in insurance payments related
to those claims. If and when the Bankruptcy Court’s confirmation of the Amended PCC Plan is affirmed, these non-PCC asbestos
claims would be allowed to proceed against Corning. Corning has recorded in its estimated asbestos litigation liability an additional
$150 million for these and any future non-PCC asbestos cases. 

   

 Total Estimated Liability for the
Amended PCC Plan and the Non-PCC Asbestos Claims 

   

 The liability for the Amended PCC Plan
and the non-PCC asbestos claims was estimated to be $690 million at December 31, 2013, compared with an estimate of liability of
$671 million at December 31, 2012. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, Corning recorded asbestos litigation expense
of $19 million and $14 million, respectively. The entire obligation is classified as a non-current liability as installment payments
for the cash portion of the obligation are not planned to commence until more than 12 months after the Amended PCC Plan becomes
effective and the PCE portion of the obligation will be fulfilled through the direct contribution of Corning’s investment
in PCE (currently recorded as a non-current other equity method investment). 

   

 Non-PCC Asbestos Cases Insurance
Litigation 

   

 Several of Corning’s insurers have
commenced litigation in state courts for a declaration of the rights and obligations of the parties under insurance policies, including
rights that may be affected by the potential resolutions described above. Corning is vigorously contesting these cases, and management
is unable to predict the outcome of the litigation. 

   

 

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     106 
 

 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     









 At
December 31, 2013 and 2012, the fair value of PCE significantly exceeded its carrying value of $167 million and $149 million, respectively.
There have been no impairment indicators for our investment in PCE and we continue to recognize equity earnings of this affiliate.
PCC filed for Chapter 11 reorganization in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court on April 16, 2000. At that time, Corning determined it lacked
the ability to recover the carrying amount of its investment in PCC and its investment was other than temporarily impaired. As
a result, we reduced our investment in PCC to zero. 

   

 8.
 Acquisition 



   

 On
January 15, 2014, Corning completed a series of strategic and financial agreements with Samsung Display, previously announced on
October 22, 2013, to acquire the remaining 50% of the common shares of Samsung Corning Precision Materials. As a result of these
transactions, Corning is the owner of 100% of the common shares of Samsung Corning Precision Materials. We have not completed our
accounting for the acquisition by the date of the filing of our 2013 Form 10-K, and, therefore, have not included detailed disclosure
in this note. Refer to Note 21 (Subsequent Events) for additional details on the transaction. 

   

 There were no significant acquisitions
for the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 On October 31, 2012, Corning acquired
all of the shares of Discovery Labware, Inc. and Plasso Technology Limited and certain other assets (collectively referred to as
“Purchased Assets”) from Becton Dickinson and Company for approximately $739 million. The Purchased Assets constitute
a business; therefore, the acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. The business, referred to as Discovery Labware,
designs, manufactures, markets and supplies cell culture, other laboratory reagents, core and advanced consumables for basic and
applied research for life scientists, clinical researchers, and laboratory professionals globally. 

   

 The purchase price of the acquisition
was allocated to the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired, with the remainder recorded as goodwill on the basis of
fair value as follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
     Inventory and other current assets   
     $ 74 
 
     Fixed Assets   
       81 
 
     Other intangible assets   
       279 
 
     Net tangible and intangible assets   
     $ 434 
 
     Purchase price   
       739 
 
     Goodwill (1)   
     $ 305 
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     	The
    goodwill recognized is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The goodwill was allocated to the Life Sciences segment. 
 
   

 Goodwill is primarily related to the value
of the Discovery Labware product portfolio and distribution network and its combination with Corning’s existing life sciences
platform, as well as synergies and other intangibles that do not qualify for separate recognition. Other intangible assets consist
mainly of distributor relationships, trademark and trade names and are amortized over a useful life of 20 years. Acquisition-related
costs of $22 million in the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 included costs for legal, accounting, valuation and other
professional services and were included in selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Supplemental pro forma information was not provided because the purchased assets are not material to Corning’s consolidated
financial statements. 

   

 9.
 Property, Net of Accumulated Depreciation 



   

 Property, net follows (in millions): 

   


 
 
       December 31, 
 
       
                                                                                             2013 
                                                                                               
       
       
     2012 
       
     
 
     Land   
     $ 121     
     $ 112   
 
     Buildings   
       4,175     
       4,324   
 
     Equipment   
       12,286     
       12,571   
 
     Construction in progress   
       1,084     
       1,270   
 
         
       17,666     
       18,277   
 
     Accumulated depreciation   
       (7,865 )   
       (7,652 ) 
 
     Total   
     $ 9,801     
     $ 10,625   
 

   

 Approximately $35 million, $74 million
and $46 million of interest costs were capitalized as part of property, net in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     107 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Manufacturing equipment includes certain
components of production equipment that are constructed of precious metals. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the recorded value of
precious metals totaled $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively. Depletion expense related to the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011 totaled $20 million, $20 million and $21 million, respectively. 

   

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, the
Specialty Materials segment recorded an impairment charge of $44 million related to certain assets located in Japan used in the
ion exchange process for the production of large cover glass. The large cover glass impairment charge represents a write-down of
assets specific to the glass-strengthening process for large size cover glass to their relative fair market values as of the date
of impairment. As a result of the impairment, assets included in the category of equipment decreased by approximately $44 million. 

   

 10.   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 



   

 Goodwill 

   

 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
     Optical  Communications     
     Display Technologies     
     Specialty Materials     
     Life Sciences     
     Total   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2011   
     $ 209     
     $ 9     
     $ 150     
     $ 296     
     $ 664   
 
     Acquired goodwill (1)   
             
             
             
       310     
       310   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2012   
     $ 209     
     $ 9     
     $ 150     
     $ 606     
     $ 974   
 
     Acquired goodwill (2)   
       32     
           
             
             
       32   
 
     Measurement period adjustment (1)   
         
         
             
       (4 )   
       (4 ) 
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment   
       (1 )   
           
             
       1     
           
 
     Balance at December 31, 2013   
     $ 240     
     $ 9     
     $ 150     
     $ 603     
     $ 1,002   
 
   
 
 
     (1) 
     The
    Company recorded the acquisition of the Discovery Labware business of Becton Dickinson and Company in the fourth quarter of
    2012. In the second quarter of 2013, Corning recorded measurement period adjustments. Refer to Note 8 (Acquisition) to the
    Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     The
company recorded a small acquisition and consolidated an equity company due to a change in control in the second quarter of 2013. 
 


 

   

 Corning’s gross goodwill balance
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $7.5 billion and $7.4 billion, respectively. Accumulated impairment
losses were $6.5 billion for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and were generated entirely through
goodwill impairments related to the Optical Communications segment. 

   

 Other Intangible Assets 

   

 Other intangible assets follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
     December 31,   
 
         
     2013     
     2012   
 
       
     Gross   Accumulated amortization   
     Net     
       
     Gross     
     Accumulated amortization     
     Net   
 
     Amortized intangible assets:   
             
         
             
       
             
             
           
 
     Patents, trademarks & trade names   
     $ 290   $ 
     138   
     $ 152     
       
     $ 282     
     $ 128     
     $ 154   
 
     Customer list and other   
       436     
     48   
       388     
       
       394     
       26     
       368   
 
     Total   
     $ 726   $ 
     186   
     $ 540     
       
     $ 676     
     $ 154     
     $ 522   
 

   

 Amortized intangible assets are primarily
related to the Optical Communications and Life Sciences segments. The net carrying amount of intangible assets increased $18 million
during the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to a small acquisition completed in the second quarter of 2013, and the
consolidation of an equity company due to a change in control. This was offset by amortization of $31 million and foreign currency
translation adjustments of $6 million. 

   

 Amortization expense related to these
intangible assets is estimated to be $32 million annually from 2014 to 2018. 



   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     108 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 



 



 11.
 Other Liabilities 

   



 Other accrued liabilities follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
     December 31, 
 
         
                                                                                                          2013 
                                                                                                                
     2012 
         
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Wages and employee benefits   
     $ 445     
     $ 460   
 
     Income taxes   
       139     
       282   
 
     Other current liabilities   
       370     
       359   
 
     Other accrued liabilities   
     $ 954     
     $ 1,101   
 
     Non-current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Asbestos litigation   
     $ 690     
     $ 671   
 
     Other non-current liabilities   
       793     
       903   
 
     Other liabilities   
     $ 1,483     
     $ 1,574   
 

   

 Asbestos Litigation 

   

 The proposed resolution of PCC asbestos
claims under the Amended PCC Plan would have required Corning to contribute its equity interests in PCC and Pittsburgh Corning
Europe N.V. (PCE), a Belgian corporation, and to contribute a fixed series of payments, recorded at present value. Corning would
have had the option to use its shares rather than cash to make these payments, but the liability would have been fixed by dollar
value and not the number of shares. The Amended PCC Plan would, originally, have required Corning to make (1) one payment of $100
million one year from the date the Amended PCC Plan becomes effective and certain conditions are met and (2) five additional payments
of $50 million, on each of the five subsequent anniversaries of the first payment, the final payment of which is subject to reduction
based on the application of credits under certain circumstances. Documents were filed with the Bankruptcy Court further modifying
the Amended PCC Plan by reducing Corning’s initial payment by $30 million and reducing its second and fourth payments by
$15 million each. In return, Corning would relinquish its claim for reimbursement of its payments and contributions under the Amended
PCC Plan from the insurance carriers involved in the bankruptcy proceeding with certain exceptions. 

   

 The Amended PCC Plan does not include
certain non-PCC asbestos claims that may be or have been raised against Corning. Corning has recorded in its estimated asbestos
litigation liability an additional $150 million for the approximately 9,700 current non-PCC cases alleging injuries from asbestos,
and for any future non-PCC cases. The liability for non-PCC claims was estimated based upon industry data for asbestos claims since
Corning does not have recent claim history due to the injunction issued by the Bankruptcy Court. The estimated liability represents
the undiscounted projection of claims and related legal fees over the next 20 years. The amount may need to be adjusted in future
periods as more data becomes available. Refer to Note 7 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
on the asbestos litigation. 

   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     109 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 12.  Debt 

   



 
 
     December 31, 
 
     (In millions)   
                                                                                                                     2013 
                                                                                                                           
     2012 
         
 
     Current portion of long-term debt   
     $ 21     
     $ 76   
 
     Long term debt   
             
           
 
     Debentures, 6.75%, due 2013   
         
     $ 49   
 
     Debentures, 8.875%, due 2016   
     $ 67     
       68   
 
     Debentures, 1.45%, due 2017   
       250     
       249   
 
     Debentures, 6.625%, due 2019   
       238     
       250   
 
     Debentures, 4.25%, due 2020   
       276     
       297   
 
     Debentures, 8.875%, due 2021   
       70     
       71   
 
     Debentures, 3.70%, due 2023   
       249     
           
 
     Medium-term notes, average rate 7.66%, due through 2023   
       45     
       45   
 
     Debentures, 7.00%, due 2024   
       99     
       99   
 
     Debentures, 6.85%, due 2029   
       172     
       173   
 
     Debentures, callable, 7.25%, due 2036   
       249     
       249   
 
     Debentures, 4.70%, due 2037   
       250     
       250   
 
     Debentures, 5.75%, due 2040   
       398     
       398   
 
     Debentures, 4.75%, due 2042   
       499     
       500   
 
     Other, average rate 6.00%, due through 2042   
       431     
       760   
 
     Total long term debt   
       3,293     
       3,458   
 
     Less current portion of long-term debt   
       21     
       76   
 
     Long-term debt   
     $ 3,272     
     $ 3,382   
 

   

 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the weighted-average
interest rate on current portion of long-term debt was 2.6% and 5.3%, respectively. 

   

 Based on borrowing rates currently available
to us for loans with similar terms and maturities, the fair value of long-term debt was $3.5 billion at December 31, 2013 and $3.7
billion at December 31, 2012. The measurement of the fair value of long term debt was determined using Level 2 inputs. 

   

 The following table shows debt maturities
by year at December 31, 2013 (in millions)*: 

   

 

 
 
     2014 
           
     2015 
           
     2016 
           
     2017 
           
     2018 
           
     Thereafter 
         
 
     $ 21     
     $ 9     
     $ 72     
     $ 257     
     $ 3     
     $ 2,940   
 
   

 
 * Excludes interest rate swap gains and bond discounts. 

   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     110 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Debt Issuances and Retirements 

   

 2013 

   

 
 • In the first quarter of 2013, we amended and restated our existing revolving credit facility. The
amended facility provides a $1.0 billion unsecured multi-currency line of credit that expires in March 2018. The facility includes
a leverage test (debt to capital ratio) financial covenant. As of December 31, 2013, we were in compliance with this covenant.
The proceeds of this credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including support for our commercial paper program. 

   

 
 • In the first quarter of 2013, Corning repaid the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest
outstanding on the credit facility entered into in the second quarter of 2011 that allowed Corning to borrow up to Chinese Renminbi
(RMB) 4.0 billion. The total amount repaid was approximately $500 million. Upon repayment, this facility was terminated. 

   

 
 • In the second quarter of 2013, the Company established a commercial paper program on a private
placement basis, pursuant to which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal
amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion. Under this program, the Company may issue the notes from time to time and will use
the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The maturities of the notes will vary, but may not exceed 390 days from the date of
issue. The interest rates will vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by credit rating agencies
at the time of issuance. The Company’s $1 billion revolving credit facility is available to support obligations under the
commercial paper program, if needed. At December 31, 2013, we did not have any outstanding commercial paper. 

   

 
 • In the fourth quarter of 2013, we issued $250 million of 3.70% senior unsecured notes that mature
on November 15, 2023. The net proceeds of approximately $248 million were used for general corporate purposes. 

   

 
 • In the fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded a financing obligation in the approximate amount of
$230 million for a new LCD glass substrate facility in China. 

   

 2012 

   

 
 • In the first quarter of 2012, we issued $500 million of 4.75% senior unsecured notes that mature
on March 15, 2042 and $250 million of 4.70% senior unsecured notes that mature on March 15, 2037. The net proceeds of $742 million
were used for general corporate purposes. 

   

 
 • In the fourth quarter of 2012, we completed the following debt-related transactions: 
     

   

 
       
 – We issued $250 million of 1.45% senior unsecured notes that mature on November 15, 2017. The net
proceeds of $248 million from the offering were used for general corporate purposes. 

   

 
       
 – We repurchased $13 million of our 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021, $11 million of our 8.875%
senior unsecured notes due 2016, and $51 million of our 6.75% senior unsecured notes due 2013. Additionally, we redeemed $100 million
of our 5.90% senior unsecured notes due 2014 and $74 million of our 6.20% senior unsecured notes due 2016. We recognized a pre-tax
loss of $26 million upon the early redemption of these notes. 

   

 
 • In 2012, we borrowed the equivalent of approximately $377 million from a Chinese Renminbi credit
facility that a wholly-owned subsidiary entered into in the second quarter of 2011. 

   

 2011 

   

 
 • In the second quarter of 2011, a wholly-owned subsidiary entered into a credit facility that allows
Corning to borrow up to Chinese Renminbi (RMB) 4.0 billion, or approximately $642 million when translated to United States Dollars.
Corning was able to request advances during the eighteen month period beginning on June 30, 2011 (the “Availability Period”).
The time period for Corning to draw under the RMB facility expired at the end of 2012. Our financing agreement requires us to repay
the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding at the end of the Availability Period in six installments, with
the final payment due in August 2016, five years from the date of the first advance. Corning also has the right to repay this loan
in full at pre-determined dates with no pre-payment penalty. In 2011, Corning borrowed approximately $120 million under this
credit facility. 



   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     111 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 13.
 Employee Retirement Plans 



   

 Defined Benefit Plans 

   

 We have defined benefit pension plans
covering certain domestic and international employees. Our funding policy has been to contribute, as necessary, an amount in excess
of the minimum requirements in order to achieve the Company’s long-term funding targets. In 2013, we did not contribute to
our domestic defined benefit pension plan and contributed $5 million to our international pension plans. In 2012, we made
voluntary cash contributions of $75 million to our domestic defined benefit pension plan and $30 million to our international pension
plans. Although we will not be subject to any mandatory contributions in 2014, we anticipate making voluntary cash contributions
of up to $85 million to our U.S. pension plan and up to $8 million to our international pension plans in 2014. 

   

 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial
statements, in the first quarter of 2013, we elected to change our method of recognizing actuarial gains and losses for our defined
benefit pension plans. We did not make this change in accounting for our OPEB plans, and continue to defer all actuarial gains
and losses and amortize those amounts outside of the corridor over future periods. 

   

 Corning offers postretirement plans that
provide health care and life insurance benefits for retirees and eligible dependents. Certain employees may become eligible for
such postretirement benefits upon reaching retirement age. For current retirees (including surviving spouses) and active employees
eligible for the salaried retiree medical program, we have placed a “cap” on the amount we will contribute toward retiree
medical coverage in the future. The cap is equal to 120% of our 2005 contributions toward retiree medical benefits. Once our contributions
toward salaried retiree medical costs reach this cap, impacted retirees will have to pay the excess amount in addition to their
regular contributions for coverage. This cap was attained for post-65 retirees in 2008 and has impacted their contribution rate
in 2009 and going forward. The pre-65 retirees triggered the cap in 2010, which has impacted their contribution rate in 2011 and
going forward. Furthermore, employees hired or rehired on or after January 1, 2007 will be eligible for Corning retiree medical
benefits upon retirement; however, these employees will pay 100% of the cost. 

   

 

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     112 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     




 Obligations and Funded Status 

   

 The change in benefit obligation and funded
status of our employee retirement plans follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
     Pension benefits 
       
     Postretirement benefits 
 
     December 31, 

       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
 
     Change in benefit obligation 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
       
     $ 
     3,630  
       
       
     $ 
     3,224  
       
       
       
     $ 
     987  
       
       
     $ 
     957  
       
 
     Service cost 
       
       
     70  
       
       
       
     62  
       
       
       
       
     13  
       
       
       
     13  
       
 
     Interest cost 
       
       
     131  
       
       
       
     154  
       
       
       
       
     39  
       
       
       
     45  
       
 
     Plan participants’ contributions 
       
       
     1  
       
       
       
     1  
       
       
       
       
     14  
       
       
       
     12  
       
 
     Amendments 
       
       
       
       
       
       
     3  
       
       
       
       
     (4 
     )  
       
       
       
       
 
     Actuarial loss (gain) 
       
       
     (362 
     ) 
       
       
     409  
       
       
       
       
     (178 
     )  
       
       
     20  
       
 
     Other 
       
       
     2  
       
       
       
     5  
       
       
       
       
     5  
       
       
       
     1  
       
 
     Benefits paid 
       
       
     (177 
     ) 
       
       
     (239 
     ) 
       
       
       
     (61 
     ) 
       
       
     (66 
     ) 
 
     Medicare subsidy received 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     1  
       
       
       
     5  
       
 
     Foreign currency translation 
       
       
     5  
       
       
       
     11  
       
       
       
       
     (1 
     )  
       
       
       
       
 
     Benefit obligation at end of year 
       
     $ 
     3,300 
       
       
     $ 
     3,630 
       
       
       
     $ 
     815 
       
       
     $ 
     987 
       
 
     Change in plan assets 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
       
     $ 
     2,975  
       
       
     $ 
     2,770  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Actual gain on plan assets 
       
       
     71  
       
       
       
     309  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Employer contributions 
       
       
     20  
       
       
       
     122  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Plan participants’ contributions 
       
       
     1  
       
       
       
     1  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Benefits paid 
       
       
     (177 
     ) 
       
       
     (239 
     ) 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Foreign currency translation 
       
       
     6  
       
       
       
     12  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
       
     $ 
     2,896 
       
       
     $ 
     2,975 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Funded status at end of year 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Fair value of plan assets 
       
     $ 
     2,896  
       
       
     $ 
     2,975  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Benefit obligations 
       
       
     (3,300 
     ) 
       
       
     (3,630 
     ) 
       
       
     $ 
     (815 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (987 
     ) 
 
     Funded status of plans 
       
     $ 
     (404 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (655 
     ) 
       
       
     $ 
     (815 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (987 
     ) 
 
     Amounts recognized in the consolidated 
balance sheets consist of: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Noncurrent asset 
       
     $ 
     23  
       
       
     $ 
     14  
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Current liability 
       
       
     (15 
     ) 
       
       
     (31 
     ) 
       
       
     $ 
     (49 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (57 
     ) 
 
     Noncurrent liability 
       
       
     (412 
     ) 
       
       
     (638 
     ) 
       
       
       
     (766 
     ) 
       
       
     (930 
     ) 
 
     Recognized liability 
       
     $ 
     (404 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (655 
     ) 
       
       
     $ 
     (815 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (987 
     ) 
 
     Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist
    of: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Net actuarial loss (1) 
       
     $ 
     132  
       
       
     $ 
     363  
       
       
       
     $ 
     82  
       
       
     $ 
     274  
       
 
     Prior service cost (credit) 
       
       
     21  
       
       
       
     25  
       
       
       
       
     (29 
     ) 
       
       
     (29 
     ) 
 
     Amount recognized at end of year (1) 
       
     $ 
     153 
       
       
     $ 
     388 
       
       
       
     $ 
     53 
       
       
     $ 
     245 
       
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Amounts for prior years were revised for the change in our method of recognizing pension expense. See Note 1, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the change and the impacts of the change
for the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 



   

 The accumulated benefit obligation for defined
benefit pension plans was $3.2 billion and $3.5 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     113 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 The following information is presented for
pension plans where the projected benefit obligation and the accumulated benefit obligation as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 exceeded
the fair value of plan assets (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
       
     December 31, 
 
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
 
     Projected benefit obligation 
       
     $ 
     447 
       
       
     $ 
     3,371 
       
 
     Accumulated benefit obligation 
       
     $ 
     417 
       
       
     $ 
     3,196 
       
 
     Fair value of plan assets 
       
     $ 
     20 
       
       
     $ 
     2,702 
       
 


 

   

 In 2013, the fair value of plan assets exceeded
the accumulated benefit obligation for the United States and the United Kingdom pension plans. 

   

 The components of net periodic benefit expense
for our employee retirement plans follow (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
       
       
     Pension
    benefits 
       
     Postretirement
    benefits 
 
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
     2011 
       
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
       
     2011 
       
       
 
     Service
    cost 
       
     $ 
     70 
       
       
     $ 
     62 
       
       
     $ 
     53 
       
       
       
     $ 
     13 
       
       
     $ 
     13 
       
       
     $ 
     13 
       
 
     Interest cost 
       
       
     131 
       
       
       
     154 
       
       
       
     156 
       
       
       
       
     39 
       
       
       
     45 
       
       
       
     49 
       
 
     Expected return on plan
    assets (1) 
       
       
     (169 
     ) 
       
       
     (161 
     ) 
       
       
     (167 
     ) 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Amortization of net
    loss (1) 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     15 
       
       
       
     15 
       
       
       
     18 
       
 
     Amortization of prior
    service cost (credit) 
       
       
     5 
       
       
       
     8 
       
       
       
     9 
       
       
       
       
     (6 
     ) 
       
       
     (6 
     ) 
       
       
     (6 
     ) 
 
     Recognition
    of actuarial (gain) loss (1) 
       
       
     (30 
     ) 
       
       
     217 
       
       
       
     64 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Total
    net periodic benefit expense (1) 
       
     $ 
     7 
       
       
     $ 
     280 
       
       
     $ 
     115 
       
       
       
     $ 
     61 
       
       
     $ 
     67 
       
       
     $ 
     74 
       
 
     Other changes in
    plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Current year actuarial
    loss (gain) 
       
     $ 
     (264 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     257 
       
       
     $ 
     107 
       
       
       
     $ 
     (178 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     20 
       
       
     $ 
     (31 
     ) 
 
     Recognition of actuarial
    gain (loss) (1) 
       
       
     30 
       
       
       
     (217 
     ) 
       
       
     (64 
     ) 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Amortization of actuarial
    loss (1) 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     (15 
     ) 
       
       
     (16 
     ) 
       
       
     (18 
     ) 
 
     Current year prior
    service (credit)/loss 
       
       
       
       
       
       
     3 
       
       
       
     3 
       
       
       
       
     (5 
     ) 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Amortization
    of prior service (cost) credit 
       
       
     (5 
     ) 
       
       
     (8 
     ) 
       
       
     (9 
     ) 
       
       
       
     6 
       
       
       
     6 
       
       
       
     6 
       
 
     Total
    recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss (1) 
       
     $ 
     (239 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     35 
       
       
     $ 
     37 
       
       
       
     $ 
     (192 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     10 
       
       
     $ 
     (43 
     ) 
 
     Total
    recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive (income) loss (1) 
       
     $ 
     (232 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     315 
       
       
     $ 
     152 
       
       
       
     $ 
     (131 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     77 
       
       
     $ 
     31 
       
 




 

 
 
     (1) 
     Amounts for prior years were revised for the change in our method of recognizing pension expense. See Note 1, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the change and the impacts of the change
for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. 
 


   


 The Company expects to recognize $4 million
of net prior service cost as components of net periodic pension cost in 2014 for its defined benefit pension plans. The Company
expects to recognize $1 million of net loss and $6 million of net prior service credit as components of net periodic postretirement
benefit cost in 2014. 

   

 Corning uses a hypothetical yield
curve and associated spot rate curve to discount the plan’s projected benefit payments. Once the present value of
projected benefit payments is calculated, the suggested discount rate is equal to the level rate that results in the same
present value. The yield curve is based on actual high-quality corporate bonds across the full maturity spectrum, which also
includes private placements as well as Eurobonds that are denominated in U.S. currency. The curve is developed from yields on
approximately 350-375 bonds from four grading sources, Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and the Dominion Bond Rating Service. A
bond will be included if at least half of the grades from these sources are Aa, non-callable bonds. The very highest 10%
yields and the lowest 40% yields are excluded from the curve to eliminate outliers in the bond population. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     114 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 Measurement of postretirement benefit expense
is based on assumptions used to value the postretirement benefit obligation at the beginning of the year. 

   

 The weighted-average assumptions used to
determine benefit obligations at December 31 follow: 

   

 

 
 
       
     Pension
    benefits 
       
     Postretirement
    benefits 
 
       
     Domestic 
       
     International 
       
     Domestic 
 
       
     2013 
       
     2012 
       
     2011 
       
     2013 
       
     2012 
       
     2011 
       
     2013 
       
       
      2012 
       
       
     2011 
       
 
     Discount
    rate 
       
       
     4.75 
     % 
       
       
     3.75 
     % 
       
       
     4.75 
     % 
       
       
       
     4.08 
     % 
       
       
     4.48 
     % 
       
       
     4.40 
     % 
       
       
       
     4.75 
     % 
       
       
     4.00 
     % 
       
     4.75 
     % 
 
     Rate
    of compensation 
 increase 
       
       
     4.00 
     % 
       
       
     4.00 
     % 
       
       
     4.25 
     % 
       
       
       
     3.85 
     % 
       
       
     3.45 
     % 
       
       
     3.44 
     % 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 


 

   

 The weighted-average assumptions used to
determine net periodic benefit cost for years ended December 31 follow: 

   

 
 
       
     Pension
    benefits 
       
     Postretirement
    benefits 
 
       
     Domestic 
       
     International 
       
     Domestic 
 
       
     2013 
       
     2012 
       
     2011 
       
     2013 
       
     2012 
       
     2011 
       
     2013 
       
       
      2012 
       
       
     2011 
       
 
     Discount rate   
       3.75 %   
       4.75 %   
       5.25 %   
       
       4.48 %   
       4.40 %   
       4.75 %   
       
       4.00 %   
       4.75 % 
       5.25 % 
 
     Expected return on plan assets   
       6.00 %   
       6.00 %   
       6.50 %   
       
       3.73 %   
       6.01 %   
       5.59 %   
       
             
           
           
 
     Rate of compensation increase   
       4.00 %   
       4.25 %   
       4.25 %   
       
       3.45 %   
       3.44 %   
       4.35 %   
       
             
           
           
 

   

 The assumed rate of return was determined
based on the current interest rate environment and historical market premiums relative to fixed income rates of equities and other
asset classes. Reasonableness of the results is tested using models provided by the plan actuaries. 

   

 
 
     Assumed health care
    trend rates at December 31 
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
 
     Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
       
     7 
     % 
       
     7.5 
     % 
 
     Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to 
       
     5 
     % 
       
     5 
     % 
 
     Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
       
     2020 
       
       
     2018 
       
 
   

 Assumed health care cost trend rates have
a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. A one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost
trend rates would have the following effects (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
       
     One-percentage- 
point
    increase 
       
     One-percentage- 
point
    decrease 
       
 
     Effect on annual total of service and interest
    cost 
       
     $ 
     3 
       
     $ 
     (3 
     ) 
 
     Effect on postretirement benefit obligation 
       
     $ 
     54 
       
     $ 
     (45 
     ) 
 
   

 Plan Assets 

   

 Corning’s expected long-term rate
of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested to provide for the benefits included
in the projected benefit obligation. We based this rate on asset/liability forecast modeling, which is based on our current asset
allocation, the return and standard deviation for each asset class, current market conditions and transitions from current conditions
to long-term returns. 

   

 The Company’s overall investment strategy
is to obtain sufficient return to offset or exceed inflation and provide adequate liquidity to meet the benefit obligations of
the pension plan. Investments are made in public securities to ensure adequate liquidity to support benefit payments. Domestic
and international stocks and bonds provide diversification to the portfolio. The target allocation range for domestic equity investment
is 10.0%-12.5% which includes large, mid and small cap companies. The target allocation range of international equities is 10.0%-12.5%,
which includes investments in both developed and emerging markets. The target allocation for bond investments is 60%, which predominately
includes both government and corporate bonds. Long duration fixed income assets are utilized to mitigate the sensitivity of funding
ratios to changes in interest rates. The target allocation range for non-public investments in private equity and real estate
is 5%-15%, and is used to enhance returns and offer additional asset diversification. The target allocation range for commodities
is 0%-5%, which provides some inflation protection to the portfolio. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     115 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

     The following tables provide fair value measurement
information for the Company’s major categories of defined benefit plan assets: 

   

 
 
       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                Fair value measurements at reporting date using 
                                                                                
 
     (in
    millions) December 31, 2013     
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)     
     Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)     
     Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
     Equity securities:   
             
             
             
         
 
     U.S. companies   
     $ 331     
     $ 216     
     $ 115     
         
 
     International companies   
       316     
       118     
       198     
         
 
     Fixed income:   
             
             
             
         
 
     U.S. corporate bonds   
       1,538     
       142     
       1,396     
         
 
     International fixed income   
       245     
       185     
       60     
         
 
     Other fixed income   
             
             
             
         
 
     Private equity (1)   
       207     
             
             
     $ 207 
 
     Real estate (2)   
       93     
             
             
       93 
 
     Insurance contracts   
       6     
             
             
       6 
 
     Cash equivalents   
       60     
       60     
             
         
 
     Commodities (3)   
       100     
             
       100     
         
 
     Total   
     $ 2,896     
     $ 721     
     $ 1,869     
     $ 306 
 

   
 
 
     (1) 
     This category
    includes venture capital, leverage buyouts and distressed debt limited partnerships invested primarily in U.S. companies.
    The inputs are valued by internally generated Discounted Cash Flow Analysis and comparable sale analysis. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     This category includes
    industrial, office, apartments, hotels, infrastructure, and retail investments which are limited partnerships predominately
    in the U.S. The inputs are valued by internally generated Discounted Cash Flow Analysis; comparable sale analysis and periodic
    external appraisals. 
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     This category includes
    investments in energy, industrial metals, precious metals, agricultural and livestock primarily through futures, options,
    swaps, and exchange traded funds. 
 
   
 
 
         
       
       
       
     Fair value measurements at reporting date using 
 
     (in millions) December 31, 2012     
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)     
     Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)     
     Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
     Equity securities:   
             
             
             
         
 
     U.S. companies   
     $ 313     
     $ 185     
     $ 128     
         
 
     International companies   
       314     
       96     
       218     
         
 
     Fixed income:   
             
             
             
         
 
     U.S. corporate bonds   
       1,624     
       151     
       1,473     
         
 
     International fixed income   
       245     
       182     
       63     
         
 
     Other fixed income   
             
             
             
         
 
     Private equity (1)   
       221     
             
             
     $ 221 
 
     Real estate (2)   
       103     
             
             
       103 
 
     Insurance contracts   
       6     
             
             
       6 
 
     Cash equivalents   
       57     
       57     
             
         
 
     Commodities (3)   
       92     
             
       92     
         
 
     Total   
     $ 2,975     
     $ 671     
     $ 1,974     
     $ 330 
 

   
 
 
     (1) 
     This category
    includes venture capital, leverage buyouts and distressed debt limited partnerships invested primarily in U.S. companies.
    The inputs are valued by internally generated Discounted Cash Flow Analysis and comparable sale analysis. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     This category includes
    industrial, office, apartments, hotels, infrastructure, and retail investments which are limited partnerships predominately
    in the U.S. The inputs are valued by internally generated Discounted Cash Flow Analysis; comparable sale analysis and periodic
    external appraisals. 
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     This category includes
    investments in energy, industrial metals, precious metals, agricultural and livestock primarily through futures, options,
    swaps, and exchange traded funds. 
 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     116 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The tables below set forth a summary of changes
in the fair value of the defined benefit plans Level 3 assets for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012: 

   

 
 
         
     Level 3 assets 
 
         
     Year ended December 2013 
 
     (in millions)   
     Private equity     
     Real estate     
     Insurance contracts 
 
     Beginning balance at December 31, 2012   
     $ 221     
     $ 103     
     $ 6 
 
     Actual return on plan assets relating to assets still held at the reporting date   
       25     
       9     
         
 
     Transfers in and/or out of level 3   
       (39 )   
       (19 )   
         
 
     Ending balance at December 31, 2013   
     $ 207     
     $ 93     
     $ 6 
 
   
 
 
         
     Level 3 assets 
 
         
     Year ended December 2012 
 
     (in millions)   
     Private equity     
     Real estate     
     Insurance contracts 
 
     Beginning balance at December 31, 2011   
     $ 241     
     $ 91     
     $ 5 
 
     Actual return on plan assets relating to assets still held at the reporting date   
       26     
       11     
         
 
     Transfers in and/or out of level 3   
       (46 )   
       1     
       1 
 
     Ending balance at December 31, 2012   
     $ 221     
     $ 103     
     $ 6 
 

   

 Credit Risk 

   

 59% of plan assets are invested in long duration
bonds. The average rating for these bonds is A. These bonds are subject to credit risk, such that a decline in credit ratings for
the underlying companies, countries or assets (for asset-backed securities) would result in a decline in the value of the bonds.
These bonds are also subject to default risk. 

   

 Currency Risk 

   

 11% of assets are valued in non-U.S. dollar
denominated investments that are subject to currency fluctuations. The value of these securities will decline if the U.S. dollar
increases in value relative to the value of the currencies in which these investments are denominated. 

   

 Liquidity Risk 

   

 12% of the securities are invested in Level
3 securities. These are long-term investments in private equity and private real estate investments that may not mature or be sellable
in the near-term without significant loss. 

   

 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the amount
of Corning common stock included in equity securities was not significant. 

   

 Cash Flow Data 

   

 We anticipate making voluntary cash contributions
of approximately $93 million to our domestic and international defined benefit plans in 2014. 

   

 The following reflects the gross benefit
payments that are expected to be paid for the domestic and international plans and the gross amount of annual Medicare Part D federal
subsidy expected to be received (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
       
       
     Expected
    benefit payments 
       
     Expected federal 
    subsidy 
payments 
 
       
       
       
     Pension
    benefits 
       
       
     Postretirement
    benefits 
       
     postretirement benefits 
 
     2014 
       
       
     $ 
     193 
       
       
     $ 
     48 
       
       
     $ 
     3 
 
     2015 
       
       
     $ 
     214 
       
       
     $ 
     50 
       
       
     $ 
     3 
 
     2016 
       
       
     $ 
     199 
       
       
     $ 
     50 
       
       
     $ 
     3 
 
     2017 
       
       
     $ 
     203 
       
       
     $ 
     50 
       
       
     $ 
     3 
 
     2018 
       
       
     $ 
     207 
       
       
     $ 
     50 
       
       
     $ 
     3 
 
     2019-2023 
       
       
     $ 
     1,138 
       
       
     $ 
     245 
       
       
     $ 
     19 
 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     117 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Other Benefit Plans 

   

 We offer defined contribution plans covering
employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. Total consolidated defined contribution plan expense was $63 million, $50 million
and $44 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 14.
 Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees 

   

 The amounts of our obligations follow (in
millions): 

   

 
 
         
       
       
       
     Amount
    of commitment and contingency expiration per period 
 
         
     Total     
     Less than 1 year     
     1 to 3 years     
     3 to 5 years     
     5 years and thereafter 
 
     Performance bonds and guarantees   
     $ 51     
     $ 24     
     $ 5     
     $ 1     
     $ 21 
 
     Credit facilities for equity companies   
       25     
       25     
             
             
         
 
     Stand-by
    letters of credit (1)   
       61     
       54     
       3     
       1     
       3 
 
     Loan guarantees   
       14     
             
             
             
       14 
 
     Subtotal
    of commitment expirations per period   
     $ 151     
     $ 103     
     $ 8     
     $ 2     
     $ 38 
 
     Purchase
    obligations (6)   
     $ 126     
     $ 67     
     $ 39     
     $ 13     
     $ 7 
 
     Capital
    expenditure obligations (2)   
       185     
       185     
             
             
         
 
     Total
    debt (3)   
       2,890     
       14     
       66     
       249     
       2,561 
 
     Interest
    on long-term debt (4)   
       2,602     
       151     
       299     
       286     
       1,866 
 
     Capital
    leases and financing obligations (3)   
       412     
       7     
       15     
       11     
       379 
 
     Imputed interest on capital leases and
    financing obligations   
       295     
       20     
       39     
       38     
       198 
 
     Minimum rental commitments   
       277     
       54     
       80     
       53     
       90 
 
     Uncertain
    tax positions (5)   
       3     
       1     
       2     
             
         
 
     Subtotal
    of contractual obligation payments due by period   
       6,790     
       499     
       540     
       650     
       5,101 
 
     Total
    commitments and contingencies   
     $ 6,941     
     $ 602     
     $ 548     
     $ 652     
     $ 5,139 
 
   
 
 
     (1) 
     At December
    31, 2013, $41 million of the $61 million was included in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Capital expenditure
    obligations primarily reflect amounts associated with our capital expansion activities. 
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     Total debt above is
    stated at maturity value, and excludes interest rate swap gains and bond discounts. 
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     The estimate of interest
    payments assumes interest is paid through the date of maturity or expiration of the related debt, based upon stated rates
    in the respective debt instruments. 
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     At December 31, 2013,
    $5 million was included on our balance sheet related to uncertain tax positions. Of this amount, we are unable to estimate
    when $2 million of that amount will become payable. 
 
       
       
 
     (6) 
     Purchase obligations
    are enforceable and legally binding obligations which primarily consist of raw material and energy-related take-or-pay contracts. 
 
   

 We are required, at the time a
guarantee is issued, to recognize a liability for the fair value or market value of the obligation it assumes. In the normal
course of our business, we do not routinely provide significant third-party guarantees. Generally, third-party guarantees
provided by Corning are limited to certain financial guarantees, including stand-by letters of credit and performance bonds,
and the incurrence of contingent liabilities in the form of purchase price adjustments related to attainment of milestones.
These guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees are individually significant. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded
a financing obligation in the approximate amount of $230 million for a new LCD glass substrate facility in China. 

   

 We have agreed to provide up to a $25 million
credit facility to Dow Corning. The funding of the Dow Corning credit facility will be required only if Dow Corning is not otherwise
able to meet its scheduled funding obligations in its confirmed Bankruptcy Plan. 

   




 We believe a significant majority of these
guarantees and contingent liabilities will expire without being funded. 

   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     118 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 Minimum rental commitments under leases outstanding
at December 31, 2013 follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
     2014 
         
     2015 
         
     2016 
         
     2017 
         
     2018 
         
     2019
and   thereafter 
 
     $ 54   
     $ 44   
     $ 36   
     $ 27   
     $ 26   
     $ 90 
 

   

 Total rental expense was $85 million for
2013, $80 million for 2012 and $84 million for 2011. 

   

 A reconciliation of the changes in the product
warranty liability for the year ended December 31 follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
                                                                                                                                                       2013 
                                                                                                                                                             
     2012 
         
 
     Balance at January 1   
     $ 6     
     $ 23   
 
     Adjustments for warranties issued for current year sales   
       7     
       3   
 
     Adjustments for warranties related to prior year sales   
       (3 )   
       (20 ) 
 
     Settlements made during the current year   
       (1 )   
           
 
     Balance at December 31   
     $ 9     
     $ 6   
 

   

 Corning is a defendant in various lawsuits,
including environmental, product-related suits, the Dow Corning and PCC matters discussed in Note 7 (Investments) to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, and is subject to various claims that arise in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management,
the likelihood that the ultimate disposition of these matters will have a material adverse effect on Corning’s consolidated
financial position, liquidity, or results of operations, is remote. Other than certain asbestos related claims, there are no other
material loss contingencies related to litigation. 

   

 Corning has been named by the
Environmental Protection Agency (the Agency) under the Superfund Act, or by state governments under similar state laws, as a
potentially responsible party for 15 active hazardous waste sites. Under the Superfund Act, all parties who may have
contributed any waste to a hazardous waste site, identified by the Agency, are jointly and severally liable for the cost of
cleanup unless the Agency agrees otherwise. It is Corning’s policy to accrue for its estimated liability related to
Superfund sites and other environmental liabilities related to property owned by Corning based on expert analysis and
continual monitoring by both internal and external consultants. At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, Corning had
accrued approximately $15 million (undiscounted) and $21 million (undiscounted), respectively, for the estimated liability
for environmental cleanup and related litigation. Based upon the information developed to date, management believes that the
accrued reserve is a reasonable estimate of the Company’s liability and that the risk of an additional loss in an
amount materially higher than that accrued is remote. 

   

 The ability of certain subsidiaries and affiliated
companies to transfer funds is limited by provisions of foreign government regulations, affiliate agreements and certain loan agreements.
At December 31, 2013, the amount of equity subject to such restrictions for consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies
was not significant. While this amount is legally restricted, it does not result in operational difficulties since we have generally
permitted subsidiaries to retain a majority of equity to support their growth programs. 

   

 15.
 Hedging Activities 

   

 Corning is exposed to interest rate and foreign
currency risks due to the movement of these rates. 

   

 The areas in which exchange rate fluctuations
affect us include: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Financial instruments and transactions denominated in foreign currencies, which impact earnings; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     The translation of net assets in foreign subsidiaries for which the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, which impacts our net equity. 
 
   

 Our most significant foreign currency exposures
relate to the Japanese yen, South Korean won, New Taiwan dollar, Chinese Renminbi, and the Euro. We seek to mitigate the impact
of exchange rate movements in our income statement by using over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments including foreign exchange
forward and option contracts typically with durations of 36 months or less. In general, these hedges expire coincident with the
timing of the underlying foreign currency commitments and transactions. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     119 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 We are exposed to potential losses in the
event of non-performance by our counterparties to these derivative contracts. However, we minimize this risk by limiting the counterparties
to a diverse group of highly-rated major international financial institutions with which we have other financial relationships.
We do not expect to record any losses as a result of such counterparty default. Neither we nor our counterparties are required
to post collateral for these financial instruments. In July 2013, the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors approved the
Company’s qualification for and election of the end-user exception to the mandatory swap clearing requirement of the Dodd-Frank
Act. 

   

 Cash Flow Hedges 

   

 Our cash flow hedging activities utilize
OTC foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that movements in exchange rates will adversely affect the net cash flows
resulting from the sale of products to foreign customers and purchases from foreign suppliers. Our cash flow hedging activity also
uses interest rate swaps to reduce the risk of increases in benchmark interest rates on the probable issuance of debt and associated
interest payments. Corning uses a regression analysis to monitor the effectiveness of its cash flow hedges both prospectively and
retrospectively. Through December 31, 2013, the hedge ineffectiveness related to these instruments is not material. Corning defers
net gains and losses related to effective portion of cash flow hedges into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on the
consolidated balance sheet until such time as the hedged item impacts earnings. At December 31, 2013, the amount of net gain expected
to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months is $5 million. 

   

 Fair Value Hedges 

   

 In October of 2012, we entered into two interest
rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedges and economically exchange a notional amount of $550 million of previously issued
fixed rate long-term debt to floating rate debt. Under the terms of the swap agreements, we pay the counterparty a floating rate
that is indexed to the one-month LIBOR rate. 

   

 Corning utilizes the long haul method for
effectiveness analysis, both retrospectively and prospectively. The analysis excludes the impact of credit risk from the assessment
of hedge effectiveness. The amount recorded in current period earnings in the other income, net component, relative to ineffectiveness,
is nominal for the year ended December 31, 2013. There were no outstanding fair value hedges in 2012 or 2011. 

   

 Net gains and losses from fair value hedges
and the effects of the corresponding hedged item are recorded on the same line item of the consolidated statement of operations. 

   

 Undesignated Hedges 

   

 Corning also uses OTC foreign exchange forward
and option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The undesignated hedges limit exposures
to foreign functional currency fluctuations related to certain subsidiaries’ monetary assets, monetary liabilities and net
earnings in foreign currencies. 

   

 A significant portion of the Company’s
non-U.S. revenues are denominated in Japanese yen. When these revenues are translated back to U.S. dollars, the Company is exposed
to foreign exchange rate movements in the Japanese yen. To protect translated earnings against movements in the Japanese yen, the
Company has entered into a series of purchased collars and average rate forwards. 

   

 The Company also uses these types of contracts
to reduce the potential for unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates to decrease the U.S. dollar value of translated earnings.
With a purchased collar structure, the Company writes a local currency call option and purchases a local currency put option. The
purchased collars offset the impact of translated earnings above the put price and below the call strike price and that offset
is reported in other income, net. The Company entered into a series of purchased collars, settling quarterly, to hedge the effect
of translation impact for each respective quarter, and span up to the fourth quarter of 2014. Due to the nature of the instruments,
only either the put option or the call option can be exercised at maturity. As of December 31, 2013, the U.S. dollar net notional
value of the purchased collars is $3 billion. The Company entered into a series of average rate forwards with no associated premium,
which will partially hedge the impact of Japanese yen translation on the Company’s projected 2015 net income. These forwards
have a notional value of $0.9 billion and will settle net without obligation to deliver Japanese yen. 

   

 The Company benefits from the increase in
the U.S. dollar equivalent value of its foreign currency earnings in translation. The purchased collar, within other income, would
cap the benefit at the strike price of the written call or offset the decline from translation above the strike price of the purchased
put. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     120 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The fair value of these derivative
contracts are recorded as either assets (gain position) or liabilities (loss position) on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Changes in the fair value of the derivative contracts are recorded currently in earnings in the other income line of the
Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

   

 The following table summarizes the notional
amounts and respective fair values of Corning’s derivative financial instruments on a gross basis for December 31, 2013 and
December 31, 2012 (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
       
       
           
     Asset derivatives   
     Liability derivatives 
 
       
     Notional amount   
     Balance sheet   
     Fair value   
     Balance sheet   
     Fair value 
 
       
       
     2013     
     2012     
     location   
       
     2013     
     2012     
     location   
       
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
       
             
             
         
       
             
             
         
       
             
           
 
     Foreign exchange contracts 
       
     $ 433     
     $ 719     
     Other current 
assets   
       
     $ 8     
     $ 57     
     Other accrued 
liabilities   
       
     $ (3 )   
     $ (3 ) 
 
     Interest rate contracts 
       
     $ 550     
     $ 550     
         
       
             
             
     Other 
liabilities   
       
     $ (28 )   
           
 
     Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
       
             
             
         
       
             
             
         
       
             
           
 
     Foreign exchange contracts 
       
     $ 804     
     $ 1,939     
     Other current 
assets   
       
     $ 20     
     $ 109     
     Other accrued 
liabilities   
       
     $ (3 )   
     $ (10 ) 
 
     Translated earnings contracts 
       
     $ 6,826     
             
     Other current 
assets   
       
     $ 344     
             
     Other accrued 
liabilities   
       
     $ (3 )   
           
 
       
       
             
             
     Other assets   
       
     $ 90     
             
     Other 
liabilities   
       
             
           
 
     Total derivatives 
       
     $ 8,613     
     $ 3,208     
         
       
     $ 462     
     $ 166     
         
       
     $ (37 )   
     $ (13 ) 
 



   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 121 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following tables summarize the effect
on the consolidated financial statements relating to Corning’s derivative financial instruments (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
       
       Effect of derivative instruments on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31 
 
     Derivatives in hedging 
       Gain/(loss)
                                         recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI) (2)   
     Location of gain/ (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI
    into 
income effective/ 
       Gain/(loss)
                                         reclassified from accumulated OCI into income ineffective/effective (1) 
 
      relationships 
         
                                                                                                                                 2013     
     2012     
     2011     
     ineffective 
         
                                                                                                                                                     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Cash flow hedges 
         
             
             
             
       
         
             
             
           
 
       
         
             
             
             
     Net sales 
         
             
     $ 1     
           
 
     Interest rate hedge 
         
     $ 33     
     $ 15     
     $ (33 )   
     Cost of sales 
         
     $ 38     
     $ 16     
     $ (12 ) 
 
     Foreign exchange contracts 
         
     $ 56     
     $ 85     
     $ (28 )   
     Other income, net 
         
     $ 91     
     $ 11     
     $ (42 ) 
 
     Total cash flow hedges 
         
     $ 89     
     $ 100     
     $ (61 )   
       
         
     $ 129     
     $ 28     
     $ (54 ) 
 



 

   

 

 
 
         
       
       Gain
                                                               (loss) recognized in income (2) 
 
     Undesignated
    derivatives   
     Location 
         
                                                                                                    2013 
                                                                                                          
     2012 
           
     2011 
         
 
     Foreign exchange
    contracts – balance sheet   
     Other income, net 
         
     $ 100     
     $ 82     
     $ 137   
 
     Foreign exchange contracts
    – loans   
     Other income, net 
         
     $ 87     
     $ 141     
     $ (252 ) 
 
     Translated earnings contracts   
     Other income, net 
         
     $ 435     
             
           
 
     Total
    undesignated   
       
         
     $ 622     
     $ 223     
     $ (115 ) 
 


   

 
 
     (1) 
     The amount
    of hedge ineffectiveness for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $24 million related to interest rate swaps settled in the
    fourth quarter. The amount of ineffectiveness for 2012 and 2011 was insignificant. 
 
     (2) 
     Certain
    amounts for prior periods were reclassified to conform to the current presentation. The gain (loss) on foreign exchange contracts
    is now disclosed in two categories, Foreign exchange contracts – balance sheet, and Foreign exchange contracts –
    loans. 
 
   

 16.
 Fair Value Measurements 

   

 Fair value standards under U.S. GAAP define
fair value, establish a framework for measuring fair value in applying generally accepted accounting principles, and require disclosures
about fair value measurements. The standards also identify two kinds of inputs that are used to determine the fair value of assets
and liabilities: observable and unobservable. Observable inputs are based on market data or independent sources while unobservable
inputs are based on the Company’s own market assumptions. Once inputs have been characterized, the inputs are prioritized
into one of three broad levels (provided in the table below) used to measure fair value. 

   

 Fair value standards apply whenever an
entity is measuring fair value under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurement and require
the use of observable market data when available. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have any financial assets
or liabilities that were measured on a recurring basis using unobservable (or Level 3) inputs. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 122 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following tables provide fair value measurement
information for the Company’s major categories of financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis: 

   

 

 
 
       
         
         Fair
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  measurements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  date
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  using 
 
     (in
    millions) 
       December
                                                                                                                           31,
                                                                                                                           2013     
     Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)     
     Significant other observable inputs
    (Level 2)     
     Significant unobservable inputs
    (Level 3)   
 
     Current assets: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Short-term investments 
         
     $ 531     
     $ 531     
             
           
 
     Other current assets (1) 
         
     $ 372     
             
     $ 372     
           
 
     Non-current assets: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Other assets (2) 
         
     $ 128     
             
     $ 128     
           
 
     Current liabilities: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Other accrued liabilities (1) 
         
     $ 9     
             
     $ 9     
           
 
     Non-current liabilities: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Other liabilities (1) 
         
     $ 28     
             
     $ 28     
           
 



 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Derivative
    assets and liabilities include foreign exchange contracts which are measured using observable quoted prices for similar assets
    and liabilities. 
 
     (2) 
     Other
    assets include asset-backed securities which are measured using observable quoted prices for similar assets. 
 
   

 

 
 
       
         
         Fair
                                                                                                                                      value
                                                                                                                                      measurements
                                                                                                                                      at
                                                                                                                                      reporting
                                                                                                                                      date
                                                                                                                                      using 
 
     (in millions) 
       December
                                                                          31, 2012     
     Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)     
     Significant other observable
    
    inputs (Level 2)     
     Significant unobservable 
    inputs (Level 3)   
 
     Current assets: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Short-term investments 
         
     $ 1,156     
     $ 1,156     
             
           
 
     Other
    current assets (1) 
         
     $ 166     
             
     $ 166     
           
 
     Non-current assets: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Other
    assets (2) 
         
     $ 40     
             
     $ 40     
           
 
     Current liabilities: 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Other
    current liabilities (1) 
         
     $ 13     
             
     $ 13     
           
 

   


 
 
     (1) 
     Derivative
    assets and liabilities include foreign exchange contracts which are measured using observable quoted prices for similar assets
    and liabilities. 
 
     (2) 
     Other
    assets include asset-backed securities which are measured using observable quoted prices for similar assets. 
 
   

 There were no significant financial assets
and liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 Long-lived assets held and used related to
certain assets used in the ion exchange process for the production of large cover glass, with a carrying amount of $82 million
at December 31, 2012, were written down to their fair value of $38 million, resulting in an impairment charge of $44 million in
2012. The impairment charge was determined using a market value approach to fair value the asset base after indicators of impairment
were identified. The valuation methodology determined fair value by comparing market transactions of similar assets as well as
an evaluation of the fair value of the underlying assets through the application of the cost approach and income approach. The
cost approach determines current replacement cost adjusted for physical deterioration and the income approach starts with the forecasts
of all expected future cash flows including the eventual disposition at market value of the long-lived assets and applies a risk
adjusted discount rate. The key assumptions used in these approaches, which requires significant management judgment, include business
assumptions, growth rate, terminal value, physical deterioration, and discount rate. The Company believes its current assumptions
and estimates of the impairment are reasonable. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 123 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 17.  Shareholders’
Equity 

   

 The following table presents changes in capital
stock for the period from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2013 (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
         
     Common stock     
     Treasury stock   
 
         
     Shares     
     Par value     
     Shares     
     Cost   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2010   
       1,626     
     $ 813     
       (65 )   
     $ (1,227 ) 
 
     Shares issued to benefit plans and for option exercises   
       10     
       5     
             
       (7 ) 
 
     Shares purchased for treasury   
             
             
       (55 )   
       (779 ) 
 
     Other, net   
             
             
       (1 )   
       (11 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31, 2011   
       1,636     
     $ 818     
       (121 )   
     $ (2,024 ) 
 
     Shares issued to benefit plans and for option exercises   
       13     
       7     
             
       (1 ) 
 
     Shares purchased for treasury   
             
             
       (56 )   
       (719 ) 
 
     Other, net   
             
             
       (2 )   
       (29 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31, 2012   
       1,649     
     $ 825     
       (179 )   
     $ (2,773 ) 
 
     Shares issued to benefit plans and for option exercises   
       12     
       6     
             
       (1 ) 
 
     Shares purchased for treasury   
             
             
       (82 )   
       (1,316 ) 
 
     Other, net   
             
             
       (1 )   
       (9 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31, 2013   
       1,661     
     $ 831     
       (262 )   
     $ (4,099 ) 
 

   

 On October 31, 2013, as part of the previously
authorized share repurchase program announced on April 24, 2013, Corning entered into an accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”)
agreement with JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch (“JPMC”). Under the ASR, Corning agreed to
purchase $1 billion of its common stock, in total, with an initial delivery by JPMC of 47.1 million shares based on the current
market price, and payment of $1 billion made by Corning to JPMC. The payment to JPMC was recorded as a reduction to shareholders’
equity, consisting of an $800 million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial 47.1 million shares received
upon execution, and a $200 million decrease in other-paid-in capital, which reflects the value of the stock held back by JPMC pending
final settlement. On January 28, 2014, the ASR was completed. Corning received an additional 10.5 million shares on January 31,
2014 to settle the ASR. In total, Corning purchased 57.6 million shares based on the average daily volume weighted-average price
of Corning’s common stock during the term of the ASR, less a discount. 

   

 In addition to the ASR, during 2013, we repurchased
35 million shares of common stock on the open market for approximately $500 million as part of the share repurchase program announced
on April 24, 2013. During 2012 and 2011, we repurchased 56 million and 55 million shares of common stock on the open market for
$719 million and $779 million, respectively, as part of the share repurchase program announced on October 5, 2011. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 124 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

   

 A summary of changes in the components of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), including our proportionate share of equity method investee’s accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss), is as follows (in millions) (1) : 

   

 
   
       
     Foreign currency translation adjustment and
    other   
       
     Unamortized actuarial losses
    and prior service costs   
       
     Net unrealized gains
    (losses) on investments   
       
     Net unrealized gains
    (losses) on designated hedges   
       
     Accumulated
    other comprehensive income (loss) 
       
 
     Balance at December 31, 2010   
     $ 1,374     
     $ (698 )   
     $ (33 )   
     $ (23 )   
     $ 620   
 
     Other
    comprehensive income before reclassifications (2)   
       144     
       (53 )   
       (2 )   
       (38 )   
       51   
 
     Amounts
    reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (3)   
       3     
       54     
             
       34     
       91   
 
     Equity
    method affiliates (4)   
       (168 )   
       (122 )   
       6     
       (2 )   
       (286 ) 
 
     Net current-period other
    comprehensive income (loss)   
       (21 )   
       (121 )   
       4     
       (6 )   
       (144 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31, 2011   
     $ 1,353     
     $ (819 )   
     $ (29 )   
     $ (29 )   
     $ 476   
 
     Other
    comprehensive income before reclassifications (5)   
     $ (439 )   
     $ (181 )   
     $ 11     
     $ 63     
     $ (546 ) 
 
     Amounts
    reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (3)   
       (52 )   
       149     
       (6 )   
       (18 )   
       73   
 
     Equity
    method affiliates (4)   
       312     
       31     
       8     
       2     
       353   
 
     Net current-period other
    comprehensive income (loss)   
       (179 )   
       (1 )   
       13     
       47     
       (120 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31, 2012   
     $ 1,174     
     $ (820 )   
     $ (16 )   
     $ 18     
     $ 356   
 
     Other
    comprehensive income before reclassifications (6)   
     $ (756 )   
     $ 283     
     $ 1     
     $ 56     
     $ (416 ) 
 
     Amounts
    reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (3)   
             
       (10 )   
       (1 )   
       (81 )   
       (92 ) 
 
     Equity
    method affiliates (4)   
       74     
       119     
       2     
       1     
       196   
 
     Net current-period other
    comprehensive income (loss)   
       (682 )   
       392     
       2     
       (24 )   
       (312 ) 
 
     Balance at December 31, 2013   
     $ 492     
     $ (428 )   
     $ (14 )   
     $ (6 )   
     $ 44   
 
   

 
 
     (1) 
     All
    amounts are after tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
     (2) 
     Amounts
    are net of total tax benefit of $49 million, including $23 million related to the hedges component and $26 million related
    to the retirement plans component. 
 
     (3) 
     Tax
    effects of reclassifications are disclosed separately in this Note 17. 
 
     (4) 
     Tax
    effects related to equity method affiliates are not significant. 
 
     (5) 
     Amounts
    are net of total tax benefit of $56 million, including $(37) million related to the hedges component, $99 million related
    to the retirement plans component and $(6) million related to the investments component. 
 
     (6) 
     Amounts
    are net of total tax expense of $(197) million, including $(33) million related to the hedges component and $(164) million
    related to the retirement plans component. 
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 125 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 (in millions) 

   

 
 
     Reclassifications
    Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) by Component (1) 
 
         
     Amount
    reclassified from AOCI   
     Affected line item in the consolidated 
    statements of income 
 
         
     Years
    ended December 31,   
     
 
     Details about AOCI Components   
       
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
           
     
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment   
       
             
     $ 52     
     $ (3 )   
     Other income, net 
 
         
       
             
       52     
       (3 )   
     Net of tax 
 
     Amortization of net actuarial loss   
       
     $ 15     
     $ (233 )   
     $ (82 )   
     (2) 
 
     Amortization of prior service cost   
       
       1     
       (2 )   
       (3 )   
     (2) 
 
         
       
       16     
       (235 )   
       (85 )   
     Total before tax 
 
         
       
       (6 )   
       86     
       31     
     Tax benefit 
 
         
       
     $ 10     
     $ (149 )   
     $ (54 )   
     Net of tax 
 
     Realized gains on investments   
       
     $ 1     
     $ 10     
             
     Other income, net 
 
         
       
             
       (4 )   
             
     Tax expense 
 
         
       
     $ 1     
     $ 6     
             
     Net of tax 
 
     Realized gains on designated hedges   
       
             
     $ 1     
             
     Sales 
 
         
       
     $ 38     
       16     
     $ (12 )   
     Cost of sales 
 
         
       
       91     
       11     
       (42 )   
     Other income, net 
 
         
       
       129     
       28     
       (54 )   
     Total before tax 
 
         
       
       (48 )   
       (10 )   
       20     
     Tax (expense) benefit 
 
         
       
     $ 81     
     $ 18     
     $ (34 )   
     Net of tax 
 
     Total reclassifications
    for the period   
       
     $ 92     
     $ (73 )   
     $ (91 )   
     Net of tax 
 

   



 
 
     (1) 
     Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to the statement of income. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included
    in net periodic pension cost. See Note 13 – Employee Retirement Plans for additional details. 
 






   

 18.  Earnings Per Common Share 

   

 Basic earnings per common share are computed
by dividing income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
Diluted earnings per common share assumes the issuance of common shares for all potentially dilutive securities outstanding. 

   

 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated  - 2013 Form 10-K 
     126 
 








 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The reconciliation of the amounts used
to compute basic and diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations follows (in millions, except per share amounts): 

   

 
 
         
     Years
    ended December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
         
     Net
    income  attributable  to Corning 
     Incorporated   
       Weighted- 
                                                                                                                              average 
                                                                                                                              shares     
     Per 
     share  amount     
     Net
    income 
     attributable  to Corning  Incorporated     
     Weighted- 
     average  shares     
     Per 
     share 
     amount     
     Net
    income 
     attributable  to Corning  Incorporated     
     Weighted- 
     average  shares     
     Per 
     share 
     amount   
 
     Basic earnings per common share   
       
     $ 1,961   
         
       1,452     
       
     $ 1.35     
     $ 1,636     
       1,494     
     $ 1.10     
     $ 2,817     
       1,562     
     $ 1.80   
 
     Effect of dilutive securities:   
       
           
         
             
       
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Employee stock options and
    awards   
       
           
         
       10     
       
             
             
       12     
             
             
       21     
           
 
     Diluted earnings per common share   
       
     $ 1,961   
         
       1,462     
       
     $ 1.34     
     $ 1,636     
       1,506     
     $ 1.09     
     $ 2,817     
       1,583     
     $ 1.78   
 

   

 The following potential common shares
were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive (in
millions): 

   

 
 
         
     Years
    ended December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
       2012     
       2011   
 
     Potential common shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share:   
             
             
           
 
     Employee stock options and awards   
       39     
       43     
       29   
 
     Accelerated share repurchase forward contract   
       3     
             
           
 
     Total   
       42     
       43     
       29   
 

   

 19.  Share-based Compensation 

   

 Stock Compensation Plans 

   

 We
maintain long-term incentive plans (the Plans) for key team members and non-employee members of our Board of Directors. The Plans
allow us to grant equity-based compensation awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance share units,
restricted stock units, restricted stock awards or a combination of awards (collectively, share-based awards). At December 31,
2013, there were approximately 78 million unissued common shares available for future grants under the Plans. 

   

 The Company measures and recognizes compensation
cost for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair values. 

   

 The fair value of awards granted subsequent
to January 1, 2006 that are expected to ultimately vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods. The number
of options expected to vest equals the total options granted less an estimation of the number of forfeitures expected to occur
prior to vesting. The forfeiture rate is calculated based on 15 years of historical data and is adjusted if actual forfeitures
differ significantly from the original estimates. The effect of any change in estimated forfeitures would be recognized through
a cumulative adjustment that would be included in compensation cost in the period of the change in estimate. 

   

 Total share-based compensation cost of
$54 million, $70 million and $86 million was disclosed in operating activities on the Company’s Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   


 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated  - 2013 Form 10-K 
     127 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Stock
Options 

   

 Our stock option plans provide non-qualified
and incentive stock options to purchase authorized but unissued, or treasury shares, at the market price on the grant date and
generally become exercisable in installments from one to five years from the grant date. The maximum term of non-qualified and
incentive stock options is 10 years from the grant date. 

   

 The following table summarizes information
concerning options outstanding including the related transactions under the stock option plans for the year ended December 31,
2013: 

   

 
 
         
     Number
    of shares 
     (in thousands)     
     Weighted-average
     exercise price     
     Weighted-average 
     remaining  
     contractual  
     term in years     
     Aggregate 
     intrinsic value  
     (in thousands)   
 
     Options outstanding as of December 31, 2012   
       64,061     
     $ 16.63     
             
           
 
     Granted   
       4,430     
       14.34     
             
           
 
     Exercised   
       (9,597 )   
       9.02     
             
           
 
     Forfeited
    and expired   
       (1,755 )   
       13.58     
             
           
 
     Options outstanding as of December 31, 2013   
       57,139     
       17.83     
       4.89     
     $ 145,129   
 
     Options expected to vest as of December 31, 2013   
       56,956     
       17.84     
       4.89     
       144,379   
 
     Options exercisable
    as of December 31, 2013   
       43,523     
       18.87     
       3.82     
       94,824   
 

   

 The aggregate intrinsic value (market
value of stock less option exercise price) in the preceding table represents the total pretax intrinsic value, based on the Company’s
closing stock price on December 31, 2013, which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised
their “in-the-money” options as of that date. The total number of “in-the-money” options exercisable on
December 31, 2013, was approximately 14 million. 

   

 The weighted-average grant-date fair value
for options granted for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $5.02, $4.95 and $9.22, respectively. The total fair
value of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was approximately $29 million, $47 million
and $57 million, respectively. Compensation cost related to stock options for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
was approximately $25 million, $37 million and $48 million, respectively. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, there was approximately
$19 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under the Plans. The cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 1.3 years. 

   

 Proceeds received from the exercise of
stock options were $85 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, which were included in financing activities on the Company’s
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011 was approximately $55 million, $51 million and $77 million, respectively, which is currently deductible for tax purposes.
However, these tax benefits were not fully recognized due to net operating loss carryforwards available to the Company. Refer to
Note 6 (Income Taxes) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 An award is considered vested when the
employee’s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service (the “non-substantive vesting
period approach”). Awards to retirement eligible employees are earned ratably each month that the employee provides service
over the twelve months following the grant date, and the related compensation expense is recognized over this twelve month service
period or over the period from the grant date to the date of retirement eligibility for employees that become age 55 during the
vesting period. 

   

 Corning uses a multiple-point
Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock option grants. Corning utilizes a blended approach for
calculating the volatility assumption used in the multiple-point Black-Scholes valuation model defined as the weighted
average of the short-term implied volatility, the most recent volatility for the period equal to the expected term, and the
most recent 15-year historical volatility. The expected term assumption is the period of time the options are expected to be
outstanding, and is calculated using a combination of historical exercise experience adjusted to reflect the current vesting
period of options being valued, and partial life cycles of outstanding options. The risk-free rates used in the
multiple-point Black-Scholes valuation model are the implied rates for a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a term equal to
the option’s expected term. The ranges given below reflect results from separate groups of employees
exhibiting different exercise behavior. 

   



 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated  - 2013 Form 10-K 
     128 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 The following inputs were used for the
valuation of option grants under our Stock Option Plans: 

   

 
 
         
       
     2013     
       2012     
       2011   
 
     Expected volatility   
       
       46.5-47.4  %   
       47.8-48.9 %   
       47.2-49.2 % 
 
     Weighted-average volatility   
       
       46.6-47.3 %   
       48.0-48.5 %   
       47.2-49.1 % 
 
     Expected dividends   
       
       2.35-3.02 %   
       2.28-3.31 %   
       1.05-1.10 % 
 
     Risk-free rate   
       
       0.8-2.2  %   
       0.8-1.3 %   
       1.0-2.7 % 
 
     Average risk-free rate   
       
       1.1-2.2 %   
       1.0-1.3 %   
       1.3-2.6 % 
 
     Expected term (in years)   
       
       5.8-7.2     
       5.7-7.1     
       5.1-6.7   
 
     Pre-vesting departure rate   
       
       0.4-4.1 %   
       0.4-4.2 %   
       0.4-3.9 % 
 

   

 Incentive Stock Plans 

   

 The Corning Incentive Stock Plan permits
restricted stock and restricted stock unit grants, either determined by specific performance goals or issued directly, in most
instances, subject to the possibility of forfeiture and without cash consideration. Restricted stock and restricted stock units
under the Incentive Stock Plan are granted at the closing market price on the grant date, contingently vest over a period of generally
one to ten years, and generally have contractual lives of one to ten years. The fair value of each restricted stock grant or restricted
stock unit awarded under the Incentive Stock Plan was estimated on the date of grant. 

   

 Time-Based Restricted Stock and
Restricted Stock Units: 

   

 Time-based restricted stock and restricted
stock units are issued by the Company on a discretionary basis, and are payable in shares of the Company’s common stock upon
vesting. The fair value is based on the closing market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date. Compensation cost
is recognized over the requisite vesting period and adjusted for actual forfeitures before vesting. 

   

 The following table represents a summary
of the status of the Company’s non-vested time-based restricted stock and restricted stock units as of December 31, 2012,
and changes which occurred during the year ended December 31, 2013: 

   

 
 
         
     Shares (000’s)     
     Weighted-average grant-date
    fair value   
 
     Non-vested shares at December 31, 2012   
       5,363     
     $ 15.97   
 
     Granted   
       2,835     
       13.73   
 
     Vested   
       (1,993 )   
       17.08   
 
     Forfeited   
       (97 )   
       15.41   
 
     Non-vested shares and share units at December 31, 2013   
       6,108     
     $ 14.58   
 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, there was approximately
$27 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested time-based restricted stock and restricted stock units compensation
arrangements granted under the Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years. The total
fair value of time-based restricted stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was approximately
$29 million, $13 million and $15 million, respectively. Compensation cost related to time-based restricted stock and restricted
stock units was approximately $29 million, $31 million and $29 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 Performance-Based Restricted Stock
and Restricted Stock Units: 

   

 The performance-based restricted stock
and restricted stock unit compensation program was terminated in 2010. All performance-based restricted stock and restricted stock
units were fully vested in the first quarter of 2012. 

   

 Performance-based restricted stock and
restricted stock units were earned upon the achievement of certain targets, and were payable in shares of the Company’s common
stock upon vesting, typically over a three-year period. The fair value was based on the closing market price of the Company’s
stock on the grant date and assumed that the target payout level will be achieved. Compensation cost was recognized over the requisite
vesting period and adjusted for actual forfeitures before vesting. During the performance period, compensation cost was adjusted
based on changes in the expected outcome of the performance-related target. 

   

 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated  - 2013 Form 10-K 
     129 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 As of December 31, 2013, there is no unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested performance-based restricted stock and restricted stock units compensation arrangements
granted under the Plan. The total fair value of performance-based restricted stock that vested during the years ended December
31, 2012 and 2011, was approximately $45 million and $10 million, respectively. Compensation cost related to performance-based
restricted stock and restricted stock units was approximately $2 million and $9 million for the years ended December 31, 2012
and 2011, respectively. 

   

 20.
 Reportable Segments 



   

 Our reportable segments are as follows: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Display Technologies – manufactures glass substrates for
    flat panel liquid crystal displays. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Optical Communications – manufactures carrier network and enterprise
    network components for the telecommunications industry. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Environmental Technologies – manufactures ceramic substrates and filters
    for automotive and diesel applications.  
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Specialty Materials – manufactures products that provide more than 150
    material formulations for glass, glass ceramics and fluoride crystals to meet demand for unique customer needs. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Life Sciences – manufactures glass and plastic labware, equipment, media
    and reagents to provide workflow solutions for scientific applications. 
 

   

 All other reportable segments that do not
meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting have been grouped as “All Other.” This group is primarily comprised
of development projects and results for new product lines. 

   

 We prepared the financial results for our
reportable segments on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which we internally disaggregate financial information to
assist in making internal operating decisions. We included the earnings of equity affiliates that are closely associated with
our reportable segments in the respective segment’s net income. We have allocated certain common expenses among reportable
segments differently than we would for stand-alone financial information. Segment net income may not be consistent with measures
used by other companies. The accounting policies of our reportable segments are the same as those applied in the consolidated
financial statements. 

   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     130 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 The following provides historical segment
information as described above: 

   

 Segment
Information 

   

 
 
     (in millions) 
       Display Technologies   
     Optical Communications   
     Environmental Technologies   
     Specialty Materials   
     Life Sciences   
     All Other   
     Total 
 
     For the year ended 
 December 31, 2013 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales 
         
     $ 2,545     
     $ 2,326     
     $ 919     
     $ 1,170     
     $ 851     
     $ 8     
     $ 7,819   
 
     Depreciation (1) 
         
     $ 481     
     $ 147     
     $ 120     
     $ 137     
     $ 57     
     $ 18     
     $ 960   
 
     Amortization of purchased intangibles 
         
             
     $ 10     
             
             
     $ 21     
             
     $ 31   
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses (2) 
         
     $ 84     
     $ 140     
     $ 89     
     $ 144     
     $ 20     
     $ 116     
     $ 593   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges (3) 
         
     $ 7     
     $ 12     
     $ 1     
     $ 19     
     $ 4     
     $ 8     
     $ 51   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies (4) 
         
     $ 357     
     $ 2     
     $ 1     
     $ 4     
             
     $ (24 )   
     $ 340   
 
     Income tax (provision) benefit 
         
     $ (327 )   
     $ (101 )   
     $ (65 )   
     $ (91 )   
     $ (36 )   
     $ 61     
     $ (559 ) 
 
     Net income (loss) (5) 
         
     $ 1,267     
     $ 199     
     $ 132     
     $ 187     
     $ 71     
     $ (163 )   
     $ 1,693   
 
     Investment in affiliated companies, at equity 
         
     $ 3,666     
     $ 3     
     $ 31     
     $ 10     
             
     $ 232     
     $ 3,942   
 
     Segment assets (6) 
         
     $ 9,501     
     $ 1,654     
     $ 1,230     
     $ 1,333     
     $ 551     
     $ 422     
     $ 14,691   
 
     Capital expenditures 
         
     $ 350     
     $ 105     
     $ 196     
     $ 62     
     $ 51     
     $ 55     
     $ 819   
 
     For the year ended 
 December 31, 2012* 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales 
         
     $ 2,909     
     $ 2,130     
     $ 964     
     $ 1,346     
     $ 657     
     $ 6     
     $ 8,012   
 
     Depreciation (1) 
         
     $ 514     
     $ 130     
     $ 117     
     $ 153     
     $ 44     
     $ 14     
     $ 972   
 
     Amortization of purchased intangibles 
         
             
     $ 9     
             
             
     $ 10     
             
     $ 19   
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses (2) 
         
     $ 103     
     $ 137     
     $ 100     
     $ 143     
     $ 22     
     $ 123     
     $ 628   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges (3) 
         
     $ 21     
     $ 39     
     $ 3     
     $ 54     
     $ 2     
             
     $ 119   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies 
         
     $ 692     
             
     $ 1     
             
             
     $ 17     
     $ 710   
 
     Income tax (provision) benefit 
         
     $ (367 )   
     $ (58 )   
     $ (58 )   
     $ (69 )   
     $ (14 )   
     $ 53     
     $ (513 ) 
 
     Net income (loss) (5) 
         
     $ 1,589     
     $ 146     
     $ 112     
     $ 137     
     $ 28     
     $ (98 )   
     $ 1,914   
 
     Investment in affiliated companies, at equity 
         
     $ 3,262     
     $ 17     
     $ 30     
     $ 4     
             
     $ 262     
     $ 3,575   
 
     Segment assets (6) 
         
     $ 9,953     
     $ 1,435     
     $ 1,103     
     $ 1,707     
     $ 552     
     $ 351     
     $ 15,101   
 
     Capital expenditures 
         
     $ 845     
     $ 311     
     $ 154     
     $ 93     
     $ 47     
     $ 52     
     $ 1,502   
 
     For the year ended 
 December 31, 2011* 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales 
         
     $ 3,145     
     $ 2,072     
     $ 998     
     $ 1,074     
     $ 595     
     $ 6     
     $ 7,890   
 
     Depreciation (1) 
         
     $ 511     
     $ 123     
     $ 107     
     $ 156     
     $ 34     
     $ 12     
     $ 943   
 
     Amortization of purchased intangibles 
         
             
     $ 7     
             
     $ 1     
     $ 7     
             
     $ 15   
 
     Research, development and engineering expenses (2) 
         
     $ 91     
     $ 125     
     $ 94     
     $ 136     
     $ 18     
     $ 97     
     $ 561   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges (3) 
         
             
     $ (1 )   
             
     $ 130     
             
             
     $ 129   
 
     Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliated companies (4) 
         
     $ 1,027     
     $ 3     
     $ 1     
     $ 4     
             
     $ 15     
     $ 1,050   
 
     Income tax (provision) benefit 
         
     $ (502 )   
     $ (82 )   
     $ (59 )   
     $ 23     
     $ (29 )   
     $ 39     
     $ (610 ) 
 
     Net income (loss) (5) 
         
     $ 2,346     
     $ 194     
     $ 119     
     $ (36 )   
     $ 60     
     $ (78 )   
     $ 2,605   
 
     Investment in affiliated companies, at equity 
         
     $ 3,132     
     $ 19     
     $ 31     
     $ 4     
             
     $ 243     
     $ 3,429   
 
     Segment assets (6) 
         
     $ 10,387     
     $ 1,201     
     $ 1,089     
     $ 1,455     
     $ 363     
     $ 396     
     $ 14,891   
 
     Capital expenditures 
         
     $ 1,304     
     $ 195     
     $ 174     
     $ 348     
     $ 57     
     $ 116     
     $ 2,194   
 

   

 
 
     * 
     Includes impact of defined benefit
    pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied to prior periods. 
 
       
       
 
     (1) 
     Depreciation expense for Corning’s reportable segments
    includes an allocation of depreciation of corporate property not specifically identifiable to a segment. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Research, development and engineering expenses include direct project spending
    that is identifiable to a segment. 
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     In 2012, Corning recorded a $44 million impairment charge in the Specialty
    Materials segment related to certain assets located in Japan used for the production of large cover glass. In 2011, Corning
    recorded a $130 million impairment charge in the Specialty Materials segment related to certain assets located in Japan used
    for the production of large cover glass. 
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     In 2013, equity in earnings of affiliated companies in the Display Technologies
    segment included a $28 million restructuring charge for our share of costs for headcount reductions and asset write-offs.
    In 2012, equity in earnings of affiliated companies in the Display Technologies segment included a $18 million restructuring
    charge for our share of costs for headcount reductions and asset write-offs.  
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     Many of Corning’s administrative and staff functions are performed
    on a centralized basis. Where practicable, Corning charges these expenses to segments based upon the extent to which each
    business uses a centralized function. Other staff functions, such as corporate finance, human resources and legal are allocated
    to segments, primarily as a percentage of sales. 
 
       
       
 
     (6) 
     Segment assets include inventory, accounts receivable, property and associated
    equity companies and cost investments. 
 

   

 

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     131 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 For the year ended December 31, 2013, the following number of
customers, which individually accounted for 10% or more of each segment’s sales, represented the following concentration
of segment sales: 

   

 
 
     • 
     In the Display Technologies segment, four customers accounted for
    94% of total segment sales. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     In the Optical Communications segment, one customer accounted for 10% of total
    segment sales. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     In the Environmental Technologies segment, three customers accounted for 87%
    of total segment sales. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     In the Specialty Materials segment, three customers accounted for 47% of total
    segment sales. 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     In the Life Sciences segment, two customers accounted for 44% of total segment
    sales. 
 

   

 A significant amount of specialized manufacturing
capacity for our Display Technologies segment is concentrated in Asia. It is at least reasonably possible that the use of a facility
located outside of an entity’s home country could be disrupted. Due to the specialized nature of the assets, it would not
be possible to find replacement capacity quickly. Accordingly, loss of these facilities could produce a near-term severe impact
to our display business and the Company as a whole. 

   

 A reconciliation of reportable segment net
income (loss) to consolidated net income (loss) follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
         
     Years ended December 31,   
 
       
       2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net income of reportable segments 
         
     $ 1,856     
       
     $ 2,012     
       
     $ 2,683   
 
     Net loss of All Other 
         
       (163 )   
       
       (98 )   
       
       (78 ) 
 
     Unallocated amounts: 
         
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Net financing costs (1) 
         
       (66 )   
       
       (196 )   
       
       (190 ) 
 
     Stock-based compensation expense 
         
       (54 )   
       
       (70 )   
       
       (86 ) 
 
     Exploratory research 
         
       (112 )   
       
       (89 )   
       
       (79 ) 
 
     Corporate contributions 
         
       (42 )   
       
       (44 )   
       
       (48 ) 
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of impairments (2) 
         
       207     
       
       82     
       
       421   
 
     Asbestos litigation (3) 
         
       (19 )   
       
       (14 )   
       
       (24 ) 
 
     Purchased collars (4) 
         
       435     
       
             
       
           
 
     Other corporate items (5)(6) 
         
       (81 )   
       
       53     
       
       218   
 
     Net income 
         
     $ 1,961     
       
     $ 1,636     
       
     $ 2,817   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Net
    financing costs include interest expense, interest income, and interest costs and investment gains and losses associated with
    benefit plans. 
 
       
 
     (2) 
     Equity
    in earnings of affiliated companies, net of impairments, is primarily equity in earnings of Dow Corning, which includes the
    following items: 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     In 2013, gains in
    the amount of approximately $30 million for the resolution of contract disputes against customers relating to enforcement
    of long-term supply agreements and $16 million for the positive impact of the settlement of a derivative, along with a charge
    of $4 million related to the impact of a tax valuation allowance. Also included are restructuring charges in the amount of
    $11 million. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     • 
     In 2012, restructuring
    and impairment charges in the amount of $87 million for our share of a charge related to workforce reductions and asset write-offs
    at Dow Corning, and a $10 million credit for Corning’s share of Dow Corning’s settlement of a dispute related
    to long term supply agreements. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     • 
     In 2011, a $89 million
    credit for our share of Dow Corning’s settlement of a dispute related to long term supply agreements. 
 
   

 

 
 
     (3) 
     In 2013, 2012 and
    2011, Corning recorded charges of $19 million, $14 million and $24 million to adjust the asbestos liability for the change
    in value of the components of the Amended PCC Plan.  
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     In 2013, Corning recorded
    a net gain of $435 million, related to its purchased collars and average rate forward contracts. 
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     Other corporate items
    include the tax impact of the unallocated amounts and the following significant items: 
 


 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     In 2013, Corning recorded
    a $54 million tax benefit for the impact of the American Taxpayer Relief Act enacted on January 3, 2013 and made retroactive
    to 2012. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     • 
     In 2012, Corning recorded
    a $52 million translation gain on the liquidation of a foreign subsidiary; a loss of $26 million ($17 million after tax) from
    the repurchase of $13 million principal amount of our 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2021, $11 million of our 8.875% senior
    unsecured notes due 2016, and $51 million principal amount of our 6.75% senior unsecured notes due 2013; and a $37 million
    tax expense resulting from the delay of the passage of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 until January 2013, that was
    reversed in the first quarter of 2013. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     • 
     In 2011, Corning recorded
    a $41 million tax benefit from the filing of an amended 2006 U.S. Federal Tax return to claim foreign tax credits. 
 
   

 
 
     (6) 
     As revised for the
    change in our method of recognizing pension expense. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements for a discussion of the change and the impacts of the change.  
 

   

 

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     132 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 A reconciliation of reportable segment net assets to consolidated
net assets follows (in millions): 

   

 

 
 
       
         
     December 31,   
 
       
       2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Total assets of reportable segments 
         
     $ 14,269     
       
     $ 14,750     
       
     $ 14,495   
 
     Non-reportable segments 
         
       422     
       
       351     
       
       396   
 
     Unallocated amounts: 
         
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Current assets (1) 
         
       6,349     
       
       7,300     
       
       6,602   
 
     Investments (2) 
         
       1,595     
       
       1,340     
       
       1,298   
 
     Property, net (3) 
         
       1,594     
       
       1,494     
       
       1,283   
 
     Other non-current assets (4) 
         
       4,249     
       
       4,140     
       
       3,774   
 
     Total assets 
         
     $ 28,478     
       
     $ 29,375     
       
     $ 27,848   
 



 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Includes current corporate assets, primarily cash, short-term investments
    and deferred taxes.  
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Represents corporate investments in affiliated companies, at both cost and
    equity (primarily Dow Corning).  
 
       
       
 
     (3) 
     Represents corporate property not specifically identifiable to an operating
    segment.  
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     Includes non-current corporate assets, pension assets and deferred taxes. 
 
   

 Selected financial information concerning
the Company’s product lines and reportable segments follow (in millions): 

   

 
 
       
         
     Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 
 
     Revenues from External Customers 
       2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Display Technologies 
         
     $ 2,545     
       
     $ 2,909     
       
     $ 3,145   
 
     Optical Communications 
         
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Carrier network 
         
       1,782     
       
       1,619     
       
       1,556   
 
     Enterprise network 
         
       544     
       
       511     
       
       516   
 
     Total Optical Communications 
         
       2,326     
       
       2,130     
       
       2,072   
 
     Environmental Technologies 
         
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Automotive and other 
         
       485     
       
       486     
       
       476   
 
     Diesel 
         
       434     
       
       478     
       
       522   
 
     Total Environmental Technologies 
         
       919     
       
       964     
       
       998   
 
     Specialty Materials 
         
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Corning Gorilla Glass 
         
       848     
       
       1,027     
       
       712   
 
     Advanced optics and other specialty glass 
         
       322     
       
       319     
       
       362   
 
     Total Specialty Materials 
         
       1,170     
       
       1,346     
       
       1,074   
 
     Life Sciences 
         
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Labware 
         
       529     
       
       430     
       
       419   
 
     Cell culture products 
         
       322     
       
       227     
       
       176   
 
     Total Life Science 
         
       851     
       
       657     
       
       595   
 
     All Other 
         
       8     
       
       6     
       
       6   
 
       
         
     $ 7,819     
       
     $ 8,012     
       
     $ 7,890   
 

   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     133 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 Information concerning principal geographic areas
was as follows (in millions): 

   

 
 
         
     2013   
     2012   
     2011 
 
         
     Net sales (2)     
     Long-lived 
     assets (1)     
     Net
    sales (2)     
     Long-lived 
     assets (1)     
     Net
    sales (2) 
         Long-lived 
                                          assets (1)   
 
     North America   
       
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     United States   
       
     $ 2,061     
     $ 7,170     
     $  1,859     
     $ 6,771     
     $ 1,676     
     $ 6,087   
 
     Canada   
       
       308     
             
       246     
             
       229     
           
 
     Mexico   
       
       23     
       36     
       24     
       87     
       26     
       78   
 
     Total North America   
       
       2,392     
       7,206     
       2,129     
       6,858     
       1,931     
       6,165   
 
     Asia Pacific   
       
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Japan   
       
       621     
       1,548     
       751     
       1,949     
       1,252     
       2,210   
 
     Taiwan   
       
       1,376     
       2,277     
       1,708     
       2,836     
       1,850     
       3,341   
 
     China   
       
       1,916     
       1,218     
       2,103     
       1,215     
       1,550     
       764   
 
     Korea   
       
       96     
       3,234     
       94     
       3,342     
       101     
       3,357   
 
     Other   
       
       278     
       127     
       243     
       84     
       145     
       11   
 
     Total Asia Pacific   
       
       4,287     
       8,404     
       4,899     
       9,426     
       4,898     
       9,683   
 
     Europe   
       
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Germany   
       
       337     
       171     
       264     
       139     
       318     
       134   
 
     France   
       
       79     
       287     
       57     
       267     
       65     
       197   
 
     United Kingdom   
       
       165     
       6     
       134     
       14     
       124     
           
 
     Other   
       
       280     
       1,147     
       274     
       550     
       263     
       273   
 
     Total Europe   
       
       861     
       1,611     
       729     
       970     
       770     
       604   
 
     Latin America   
       
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Brazil   
       
       77     
       66     
       29     
       1     
       29     
       1   
 
     Other   
       
       37     
       6     
       33     
       6     
       25     
       6   
 
     Total Latin America   
       
       114     
       72     
       62     
       7     
       54     
       7   
 
     All Other   
       
       165     
       25     
       193     
       35     
       237     
       25   
 
     Total   
       
     $ 7,819     
     $ 17,318     
     $  8,012     
     $ 17,296     
     $ 7,890     
     $ 16,484   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Long-lived
    assets primarily include investments, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets. Assets in the U.S. and Korea
    include investments in Dow Corning and Samsung Corning Precision Materials. 
 
       
       
 
     (2) 
     Net sales are attributed to countries based on location of customer. 
 
   

 21.
 Subsequent Events 

   

 Acquisitions 

   

 On January 15, 2014, Corning completed the series
of strategic and financial agreements previously announced on October 22, 2013, to acquire the common shares of Samsung Corning
Precision Materials previously held by Samsung Display Co., Ltd. As a result of these transactions, Corning is now the owner of
100% of the common shares of Samsung Corning Precision Materials, giving us greater flexibility in asset use, improved operational
efficiencies, and better positioning for new specialty-glass market opportunities. A summary of the series of transactions follow: 

   

 
 • Corning obtained full ownership of Samsung Corning Precision Materials on January
15, 2014; 
 
 
     
 
 • After redemption of Samsung Display’s 43% interest in Samsung Corning Precision
Materials, Corning issued its Fixed Rate Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A (“Preferred Stock”), to
Samsung Display in an aggregate face amount of $1.9 billion; 
 
 
     
 
 • Samsung Display invested an additional $400 million in Corning’s Preferred Stock;
and 
 
 
     
 
 • A new long-term LCD display glass supply agreement between Corning and Samsung Display
through 2023. 
 
   
 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 134 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 As part of the acquisition process,
Corning hired a third-party valuation firm to assist it in estimating the fair value of the acquired business. Included
in this process is the valuation of pre-existing arrangements, which could result in a gain or loss which will be
recognized in the first quarter of 2014. We have not completed our accounting for the acquisition by the date of the
filing of our 2013 Form 10-K, and, therefore, have not included detailed purchase accounting in this note. 

   

 In addition, Corning’s Board of Directors
has authorized an additional $2 billion of share repurchases through December 31, 2015. 
   

 Foreign Exchange Contracts 

   

 In February 2014, the Company obtained authorization
from the Board of Directors to execute a series of foreign exchange contracts over a three year period to hedge our exposure
to movements in the Japanese yen and its impact on our earnings. The Company’s execution of these contracts will be
dependent upon market conditions. The foreign exchange contracts will not be designated derivatives and will be marked to
market through the other income line of the consolidated statements of income. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 135 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 Corning Incorporated
and Subsidiary Companies Schedule II – Valuation Accounts and Reserves 

   

 (in millions) 

   

 
 
     Year ended December 31, 2013   
     Balance at 
    beginning of period     
     Additions     
     Net deductions and other     
     Balance at end of period   
 
     Doubtful accounts and allowances   
     $ 26     
     $ 2     
             
     $ 28   
 
     Deferred tax assets valuation allowance   
     $ 210     
     $ 80     
     $ 4     
     $ 286   
 
     Accumulated amortization of purchased intangible assets   
     $ 154     
     $ 31     
             
     $ 185   
 
     Reserves for accrued costs of business restructuring   
     $ 42     
     $ 41     
     $ 39     
     $ 44   
 

   

 
 
     Year ended December 31, 2012   
     Balance at 
beginning of period     
     Additions     
     Net deductions and other     
     Balance at end of period   
 
     Doubtful accounts and allowances   
     $ 19     
     $ 7     
             
     $ 26   
 
     Deferred tax assets valuation allowance   
     $ 219     
     $ 10     
     $ 19     
     $ 210   
 
     Accumulated amortization of purchased intangible assets   
     $ 135     
     $ 19     
             
     $ 154   
 
     Reserves for accrued costs of business restructuring   
     $ 10     
     $ 52     
     $ 20     
     $ 42   
 

   

 
 
     Year ended December 31, 2011   
     Balance at 
beginning of period     
     Additions     
     Net deductions and other     
     Balance at end of period   
 
     Doubtful accounts and allowances   
     $ 20     
             
     $ 1     
     $ 19   
 
     Deferred tax assets valuation allowance   
     $ 214     
     $ 15     
     $ 10     
     $ 219   
 
     Accumulated amortization of purchased intangible assets   
     $ 221     
     $ 15     
     $ 101     
     $ 135   
 
     Reserves for accrued costs of business restructuring   
     $ 27     
             
     $ 17     
     $ 10   
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 136 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Quarterly Operating Results 

   

 (Unaudited) (In millions, except per share amounts) 

   

 
 
     2013   
     First quarter     
     Second quarter     
     Third quarter     
     Fourth quarter     
     Total year   
 
     Net sales   
     $ 1,814     
     $ 1,982     
     $ 2,067     
     $ 1,956     
     $ 7,819   
 
     Gross margin   
     $ 770     
     $ 883     
     $ 901     
     $ 770     
     $ 3,324   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other credits   
             
             
             
     $ 67     
     $ 67   
 
     Asbestos litigation charges   
     $ 2     
     $ 6     
     $ 5     
     $ 6     
     $ 19   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies   
     $ 173     
     $ 166     
     $ 138     
     $ 70     
     $ 547   
 
     Provision for income taxes   
     $ (34 )   
     $ (191 )   
     $ (141 )   
     $ (146 )   
     $ (512 ) 
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated   
     $ 494     
     $ 638     
     $ 408     
     $ 421     
     $ 1,961   
 
     Basic earnings per common share   
     $ 0.33     
     $ 0.43     
     $ 0.28     
     $ 0.30     
     $ 1.35   
 
     Diluted earnings per common share   
     $ 0.33     
     $ 0.43     
     $ 0.28     
     $ 0.30     
     $ 1.34   
 

   

 
 
     2012   
     First quarter     
     Second quarter     
     Third quarter     
     Fourth quarter     
     Total year   
 
     Net sales   
     $ 1,920     
     $ 1,908     
     $ 2,038     
     $ 2,146     
     $ 8,012   
 
     Gross margin *   
     $ 824     
     $ 808     
     $ 889     
     $ 798     
     $ 3,319   
 
     Restructuring, impairment and other charges *   
             
             
             
     $ 133     
     $ 133   
 
     Asbestos litigation charges   
     $ 1     
     $ 5     
     $ 3     
     $ 5     
     $ 14   
 
     Equity in earnings of affiliated companies   
     $ 218     
     $ 259     
     $ 240     
     $ 93     
     $ 810   
 
     Provision for income taxes *   
     $ (118 )   
     $ (100 )   
     $ (94 )   
     $ (28 )   
     $ (339 ) 
 
     Net income attributable to Corning Incorporated *   
     $ 474     
     $ 474     
     $ 533     
     $ 155     
     $ 1,636   
 
     Basic earnings per common share *   
     $ 0.31     
     $ 0.31     
     $ 0.36     
     $ 0.11     
     $ 1.10   
 
     Diluted earnings per common share *   
     $ 0.31     
     $ 0.31     
     $ 0.36     
     $ 0.10     
     $ 1.09   
 

   

 
 
     * 
     Includes
    impact of defined benefit pension plan methodology change implemented in the first quarter of 2013 and retrospectively applied
    to prior periods. 
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 137 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     
 DOW CORNING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

   

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 For the Period Ended December 31, 2013 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 
 
       
       
     Page 
 
       
       
       
 
     Independent Auditors’ Report 
       
     140 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
       
     141 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
       
     142 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 
       
     143 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
       
     145 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
       
     146 
 
       
       
       
 
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
       
     147 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Independent Auditor’s
Report 

   

 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of Dow Corning Corporation 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
financial statements of Dow Corning Corporation and its subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 Management’s
Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 Management is responsible for the preparation
and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation
and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

   

 Auditor’s Responsibility 

   

 Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America and in accordance with the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 

   

 An audit involves performing procedures
to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend
on our judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, we consider internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation
and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

   

 Opinion 

   

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dow Corning Corporation and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2013 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

   


 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Detroit, Michigan 

 February 4, 2014 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 140 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Income 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 
 
         
     Years Ended December 31,   
 
     (in millions of U.S.
    dollars, except for per share amounts)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net Sales   
       
     $ 5,710.5     
       
     $ 6,118.5     
       
     $ 6,426.7   
 
     Operating Costs and Expenses   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Cost of sales   
       
       4,430.6     
       
       4,705.1     
       
       4,437.7   
 
     Marketing and administrative expenses   
       
       699.5     
       
       787.3     
       
       689.3   
 
     Gain on long-term sales agreements   
       
       (228.5 )   
       
       (48.2 )   
       
       (428.2 ) 
 
     Asset impairment   
       
       113.9     
       
       -     
       
       -   
 
     Asset abandonments and restructuring expenses   
       
       51.6     
       
       365.0     
       
       -   
 
     Total operating costs and expenses   
       
       5,067.1     
       
       5,809.2     
       
       4,698.8   
 
     Operating Income   
       
       643.4     
       
       309.3     
       
       1,727.9   
 
     Interest income   
       
       7.9     
       
       11.9     
       
       12.1   
 
     Interest expense   
       
       (45.7 )   
       
       (3.9 )   
       
       (34.8 ) 
 
     Other nonoperating income (expenses), net   
       
       61.9     
       
       30.9     
       
       (61.7 ) 
 
     Income before Income Taxes   
       
       667.5     
       
       348.2     
       
       1,643.5   
 
     Income tax provision   
       
       233.8     
       
       162.9     
       
       560.7   
 
     Net Income   
       
       433.7     
       
       185.3     
       
       1,082.8   
 
     Less: Noncontrolling interests’ share in net income   
       
       57.4     
       
       (2.4 )   
       
       276.6   
 
     Net Income Attributable to Dow Corning Corporation   
       
     $ 376.3     
       
     $ 187.7     
       
     $ 806.2   
 
     Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding (basic and diluted)   
       
       2.5     
       
       2.5     
       
       2.5   
 
     Net Income per Share (basic and diluted)   
       
     $ 150.52     
       
     $ 75.08     
       
     $ 322.48   
 
     Dividends Declared per Common Share   
       
     $ 80.00     
       
     $ 80.00     
       
     $ 248.00   
 

   

 (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 141 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31,   
 
     (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 433.7     
       
     $ 185.3     
       
     $ 1,082.8   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustments   
       
       (2.7 )   
       
       (26.9 )   
       
       19.9   
 
     Unrealized net gain (loss) on securities:   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period   
       
       4.8     
       
       22.7     
       
       (8.1 ) 
 
     Reclassification adjustment for gain/loss included in income   
       
       -     
       
       (3.4 )   
       
       26.9   
 
     Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges:   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Unrealized gain (loss) arising during the period   
       
       0.2     
       
       (2.9 )   
       
       (9.4 ) 
 
     Reclassification adjustment for loss included in income   
       
       5.4     
       
       9.4     
       
       6.3   
 
     Defined benefit plan adjustments   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Gain (loss) arising during the period   
       
       292.7     
       
       23.8     
       
       (457.1 ) 
 
     Amortization of pension adjustments included in income   
       
       81.5     
       
       84.2     
       
       57.7   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:   
       
       381.9     
       
       106.9     
       
       (363.8 ) 
 
     Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of OCI (1)   
       
       (130.1 )   
       
       (40.3 )   
       
       137.4   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:   
       
       251.8     
       
       66.6     
       
       (226.4 ) 
 
     Comprehensive Income   
       
       685.5     
       
       251.9     
       
       856.4   
 
     Less: Noncontrolling interests’ share in comprehensive income   
       
       (44.4 )   
       
       16.5     
       
       (291.5 ) 
 
     Comprehensive Income Attributable to Dow Corning Corporation   
       
     $ 641.1     
       
     $ 268.4     
       
     $ 564.9   
 

 
 (1) Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (“OCI”) 
 



   

 (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 142 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
     (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Assets   
       
             
       
           
 
     Current Assets   
       
             
       
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
       
     $ 1,826.1     
       
     $ 1,770.4   
 
     Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $10.4 in 2013 and $11.6 in 2012)   
       
       721.4     
       
       676.2   
 
     Notes and other receivables   
       
       225.7     
       
       371.4   
 
     Inventories   
       
       1,003.8     
       
       1,010.3   
 
     Deferred income tax assets – current   
       
       106.0     
       
       132.3   
 
     Other current assets   
       
       112.7     
       
       156.7   
 
     Total current assets   
       
       3,995.7     
       
       4,117.3   
 
     Property, Plant and Equipment   
       
       12,538.4     
       
       12,486.3   
 
     Less – Accumulated Depreciation   
       
       (5,307.3 )   
       
       (4,933.2 ) 
 
     Net property, plant and equipment   
       
       7,231.1     
       
       7,553.1   
 
     Other Assets   
       
             
       
           
 
     Marketable securities   
       
       96.3     
       
       89.9   
 
     Deferred income tax assets – noncurrent   
       
       362.1     
       
       970.1   
 
     Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization of $58.4 in 2013 and $65.5 in 2012)   
       
       77.1     
       
       83.8   
 
     Goodwill   
       
       70.3     
       
       68.7   
 
     Other noncurrent assets   
       
       469.5     
       
       418.0   
 
     Total other assets   
       
       1,075.3     
       
       1,630.5   
 
     Total Assets   
       
     $ 12,302.1     
       
     $ 13,300.9   
 

   

 (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 143 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
     (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity   
       
             
       
           
 
     Current Liabilities   
       
             
       
           
 
     Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt   
       
     $ 79.3     
       
     $ 209.1   
 
     Trade accounts payable   
       
       460.0     
       
       508.5   
 
     Accrued payrolls and employee benefits   
       
       149.6     
       
       274.2   
 
     Accrued taxes   
       
       87.7     
       
       102.7   
 
     Accrued interest   
       
       101.4     
       
       97.3   
 
     Current deferred revenue   
       
       305.2     
       
       120.2   
 
     Other current liabilities   
       
       162.8     
       
       201.5   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       
       1,346.0     
       
       1,513.5   
 
     Other Liabilities   
       
             
       
           
 
     Long-term debt   
       
       937.1     
       
       843.6   
 
     Implant reserve   
       
       1,616.4     
       
       1,609.4   
 
     Employee benefits   
       
       1,137.0     
       
       1,434.6   
 
     Deferred income tax liabilities – noncurrent   
       
       20.3     
       
       614.0   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       
       3,137.4     
       
       3,452.1   
 
     Other noncurrent liabilities   
       
       329.3     
       
       260.5   
 
     Total other liabilities   
       
       7,177.5     
       
       8,214.2   
 
     Equity   
       
             
       
           
 
     Stockholders’ equity   
       
             
       
           
 
     Common stock ($5.00 par value – 2,500,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding)   
       
       12.5     
       
       12.5   
 
     Retained earnings   
       
       3,531.8     
       
       3,510.3   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   
       
       (371.8 )   
       
       (636.6 ) 
 
     Dow Corning Corporation’s stockholders’ equity   
       
       3,172.5     
       
       2,886.2   
 
     Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries   
       
       606.1     
       
       687.0   
 
     Total Equity   
       
       3,778.6     
       
       3,573.2   
 
     Total Liabilities and Equity   
       
     $ 12,302.1     
       
     $ 13,300.9   
 

   

 (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 144 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 
 
         
       
     Years ended December 31,   
 
     (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Cash Flows from Operating Activities   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Net income   
       
     $ 433.7     
       
     $ 185.3     
       
     $ 1,082.8   
 
     Depreciation and amortization   
       
       490.1     
       
       398.6     
       
       367.3   
 
     Gains on long-term sales agreements   
       
       (228.5 )   
       
       (48.2 )   
       
       (428.2 ) 
 
     Cash flows related to gains on long-term sales agreements   
       
       183.2     
       
       213.7     
       
       -   
 
     Asset abandonments and restructuring expenses   
       
       -     
       
       365.0     
       
       -   
 
     Asset impairment   
       
       113.9     
       
       -     
       
       -   
 
     Changes in restructuring accrual   
       
       (53.1 )   
       
       -     
       
       -   
 
     Changes in deferred revenue, net   
       
       (77.8 )   
       
       (35.8 )   
       
       465.9   
 
     Changes in deferred taxes, net   
       
       (68.7 )   
       
       66.2     
       
       271.9   
 
     Tax-related bond deposits, net   
       
       17.9     
       
       112.2     
       
       -   
 
     Other, net   
       
       119.3     
       
       109.1     
       
       19.8   
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Changes in accounts and notes receivable   
       
       29.9     
       
       169.6     
       
       (123.1 ) 
 
     Changes in accounts payable   
       
       11.5     
       
       (110.4 )   
       
       50.9   
 
     Changes in inventory   
       
       3.1     
       
       69.3     
       
       (122.4 ) 
 
     Changes in other operating assets and liabilities   
       
       14.6     
       
       35.0     
       
       72.0   
 
     Cash flows related to reorganization, net   
       
       (24.4 )   
       
       (26.8 )   
       
       1.8   
 
     Cash provided by operating activities   
       
       964.7     
       
       1,502.8     
       
       1,658.7   
 
     Cash Flows from Investing Activities   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Capital expenditures   
       
       (363.3 )   
       
       (1,042.0 )   
       
       (1,539.5 ) 
 
     Proceeds from sales, maturities, and redemptions of securities   
       
       -     
       
       117.3     
       
       353.3   
 
     Other, net   
       
       (29.9 )   
       
       (6.2 )   
       
       (4.2 ) 
 
     Cash used in investing activities   
       
       (393.2 )   
       
       (930.9 )   
       
       (1,190.4 ) 
 
     Cash Flows from Financing Activities   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Net change in borrowings with maturities of 3 months or less   
       
       -     
       
       -     
       
       (508.5 ) 
 
     Increase in short-term borrowings   
       
       99.0     
       
       71.2     
       
       125.9   
 
     Payments of short-term borrowings   
       
       (99.0 )   
       
       (134.4 )   
       
       (232.8 ) 
 
     Increase in long-term debt   
       
       166.1     
       
       -     
       
       700.0   
 
     Payments of long-term debt   
       
       (202.6 )   
       
       (655.2 )   
       
       (71.9 ) 
 
     Contributions and loans from noncontrolling shareholders   
       
       -     
       
       112.2     
       
       24.0   
 
     Distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests   
       
       (14.0 )   
       
       (63.6 )   
       
       (173.3 ) 
 
     Acquisition of additional shares of noncontrolling interests   
       
       (266.0 )   
       
             
       
           
 
     Dividends paid to stockholders   
       
       (200.0 )   
       
       (200.0 )   
       
       (620.0 ) 
 
     Cash used in financing activities   
       
       (516.5 )   
       
       (869.8 )   
       
       (756.6 ) 
 
     Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash   
       
       0.7     
       
       2.2     
       
       (5.6 ) 
 
     Changes in Cash and Cash Equivalents   
       
             
       
             
       
           
 
     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
       
       55.7     
       
       (295.7 )   
       
       (293.9 ) 
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   
       
       1,770.4     
       
       2,066.1     
       
       2,360.0   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   
       
     $ 1,826.1     
       
     $ 1,770.4     
       
     $ 2,066.1   
 

   

 (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 145 
 



 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 

 

 
 
         
           
           
     Dow Corning Corporation Stockholders’ Equity 
 
     (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
     Total     
     Noncontrolling Interest 
         
     Total Stockholders’ Equity     
     Retained Earnings     
     AOCI (1)     
     Common Stock   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2010   
     $ 3,497.8     
     $ 624.9     
     $ 2,872.9     
     $ 3,336.4     
     $ (476.0 )   
     $ 12.5   
 
     Net Income   
       1,082.8     
       276.6     
       806.2     
       806.2     
             
           
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustments   
       19.9     
       9.2     
       10.7     
             
       10.7     
           
 
     Unrealized net gain on available for sale securities   
       18.8     
       6.4     
       12.4     
             
       12.4     
           
 
     Net loss on cash flow hedges   
       (2.0 )   
       -     
       (2.0 )   
             
       (2.0 )   
           
 
     Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments   
       (263.1 )   
       (0.7 )   
       (262.4 )   
             
       (262.4 )   
           
 
     Total comprehensive income   
       856.4     
       291.5     
       564.9     
             
             
           
 
     Cash received from noncontrolling shareholders   
       24.0     
       24.0     
       -     
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared on common stock and distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests   
       (793.3 )   
       (173.3 )   
       (620.0 )   
       (620.0 )   
             
           
 
     Balance at December 31, 2011   
     $ 3,584.9     
     $ 767.1     
     $ 2,817.8     
     $ 3,522.6     
     $ (717.3 )   
     $ 12.5   
 
     Net Income   
       185.3     
       (2.4 )   
       187.7     
       187.7     
             
           
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustments   
       (26.9 )   
       (16.3 )   
       (10.6 )   
             
       (10.6 )   
           
 
     Unrealized net gain on available for sale securities   
       19.3     
       1.8     
       17.5     
             
       17.5     
           
 
     Net gain on cash flow hedges   
       4.1     
       -     
       4.1     
             
       4.1     
           
 
     Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments   
       70.1     
       0.4     
       69.7     
             
       69.7     
           
 
     Total comprehensive income (loss)   
       251.9     
       (16.5 )   
       268.4     
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared on common stock and distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests   
       (263.6 )   
       (63.6 )   
       (200.0 )   
       (200.0 )   
             
           
 
     Balance at December 31, 2012   
     $ 3,573.2     
     $ 687.0     
     $ 2,886.2     
     $ 3,510.3     
     $ (636.6 )   
     $ 12.5   
 
     Net Income   
       433.7     
       57.4     
       376.3     
       376.3     
             
           
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustments   
       (2.7 )   
       (14.2 )   
       11.5     
             
       11.5     
           
 
     Unrealized net gain on available for sale securities   
       4.8     
       1.1     
       3.7     
             
       3.7     
           
 
     Net gain on cash flow hedges   
       3.6     
       -     
       3.6     
             
       3.6     
           
 
     Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments   
       246.1     
       0.1     
       246.0     
             
       246.0     
           
 
     Total comprehensive income   
       685.5     
       44.4     
       641.1     
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared on common stock and distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests   
       (214.0 )   
       (14.0 )   
       (200.0 )   
       (200.0 )   
             
           
 
     Acquisition of additional shares of noncontrolling interests   
       (266.1 )   
       (111.3 )   
       (154.8 )   
       (154.8 )   
             
           
 
     Balance at December 31, 2013   
     $ 3,778.6     
     $ 606.1     
     $ 3,172.5     
     $ 3,531.8     
     $ (371.8 )   
     $ 12.5   
 


   

 
 (1) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (“AOCI”) 
 

   

 (See Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 146 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation And Subsidiaries 

   

 
 
     Note 
     Page 
 
   

 
 
     1. 
     Business and
    Basis of Presentation 
     148 
 
     2. 
     Summary of Significant
    Accounting Policies 
     148 
 
     3. 
     Gains on Long-Term Sales
    Agreements 
     153 
 
     4. 
     Polycrystalline Silicon
    Market Conditions and China Trade Matters 
     154 
 
     5. 
     Restructuring 
     154 
 
     6. 
     Investments 
     155 
 
     7. 
     Inventories 
     156 
 
     8. 
     Income Taxes 
     156 
 
     9. 
     Derivatives 
     159 
 
     10. 
     Variable Interest Entities 
     160 
 
     11. 
     Property, Plant and Equipment 
     160 
 
     12. 
     Goodwill and Other Intangible
    Assets 
     160 
 
     13. 
     Notes Payable And Credit
    Facilities 
     161 
 
     14. 
     Deferred Revenue 
     162 
 
     15. 
     Pension And Other Postretirement
    Benefits 
     163 
 
     16. 
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive
    Loss 
     169 
 
     17. 
     Commitments And Contingencies 
     170 
 
     18. 
     Changes In Ownership Of
    Consolidated Subsidiaries 
     173 
 
     19. 
     Related Party Transactions 
     173 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

   

 Dow Corning Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except where
noted) 

   

 
 
     NOTE 1       
     Business
    and Basis of Presentation 
 
   

 Dow Corning Corporation (“Dow Corning”)
was incorporated in 1943 and is equally owned by Corning Incorporated (“Corning”) and The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow
Chemical”). Its main purpose is to develop and produce polymers and other materials based on silicon chemistry. Dow Corning
operates in various countries around the world through numerous wholly owned or majority owned subsidiary corporations (hereinafter,
the consolidated operations of Dow Corning and its subsidiaries may be referred to as the “Company”). 

   

 Dow Corning built its business based on
silicon chemistry. Silicon is one of the most abundant elements in the world. Most of Dow Corning’s products are based on
polymers known as silicones, which have a siliconoxygen-silicon backbone. Through various chemical processes, Dow Corning manufactures
silicones that have an extremely wide variety of characteristics, in forms ranging from fluids, gels, greases and elastomeric
materials to resins and other rigid materials. Silicones combine the temperature and chemical resistance of glass with the versatility
of plastics. Regardless of form or application, silicones generally possess such qualities as electrical resistance, resistance
to extreme temperatures, resistance to deterioration from aging, water repellency, lubricating characteristics, relative chemical
and physiological inertness and resistance to ultraviolet radiation. 

   

 The Company engages primarily in the discovery,
development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of silicon-based materials and offers related services. Since its inception,
Dow Corning has been engaged in a continuous program of basic and applied research on silicon-based materials to develop new products
and processes, to improve and refine existing products and processes and to develop new applications for existing products. The
Company manufactures over 7,000 products and serves approximately 25,000 customers worldwide, with no single customer accounting
for more than five percent of the Company’s sales in any of the past three years. Dow Corning’s silicon-based materials
are used in a broad range of products and applications across multiple sectors such as electronics, automotive, construction,
textiles and healthcare. The Company, through its Hemlock Semiconductor Group subsidiaries, is a provider of polycrystalline silicon
and other silicon-based products used in semiconductor and solar applications. Principal United States manufacturing plants are
located in Kentucky and Michigan. Principal foreign manufacturing plants are located in Belgium, Brazil, China, France, Germany,
Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom. The Company operates research and development facilities and/or technical service centers
in the United States, Belgium, Brazil, China, Germany, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. 

   

 The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. Management has evaluated subsequent events through February 4, 2014, the date
the financial statements were available to be issued. Certain prior period items have been reclassified to conform to the current
presentation. 

   

 
 NOTE
2       Summary
                                                                 of Significant Accounting Policies 
 

   

 Principles of
Consolidation 

   

 The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Dow Corning and all of its wholly owned and majority owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. The Company’s
interests in 20% to 50% owned subsidiaries are carried on the equity basis and are included in “Other noncurrent assets”
in the consolidated balance sheets. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company’s
policy is to include the accounts of entities in which the Company holds a controlling interest based on exposure to economic
risks and potential rewards (variable interests), and for which it is the primary beneficiary, in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. 

   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 
     148 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Fair Value Measurements 

   

 Assets and liabilities measured at fair
value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants. Level 1 inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 inputs are quoted prices, not included in Level 1, that are either directly or indirectly observable, including quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets.
Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs and include the Company’s assumptions that may be used by market participants. 

   

 Cash and Cash
Equivalents 

   

 Cash equivalents include all highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of ninety days or less. The carrying amounts for cash equivalents approximate their fair
values. Cash equivalents are measured at fair value using Level 1 inputs. 

   

 Accounts Receivable 

   

 The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful
accounts that reduces receivables to amounts that are expected to be collected. In estimating the allowance, management considers
factors such as current overall geographic and industry-specific economic conditions, statutory requirements, historical and anticipated
customer performance, historical experience with write-offs and the level of past-due amounts. Changes in these conditions may
result in additional allowances. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed and local legal requirements are met,
the receivable is written off against the allowance. 

   

 Inventories 

   

 The value of inventories is determined using
the lower of cost or market as the basis. Produced goods are valued using a first-in, first-out cost flow methodology, while purchased
materials and supplies are valued using an average cost flow methodology. 

   

 Property and Depreciation 

   

 Property, plant and equipment are carried
at cost less any impairment and are depreciated over estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Engineering and other
costs directly related to the construction of property, plant and equipment are capitalized as construction-in-progress until
construction is complete and such property, plant and equipment is ready and available to perform its specifically assigned function.
Upon retirement or other disposal, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the net
amount, less any proceeds, is charged or credited to income. 

   

 The Company reviews the recoverability of
property, plant and equipment when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of an asset
(or asset group) may not be recoverable. The recoverability of the carrying value of property, plant and equipment is assessed
at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.
When impairment indicators are present, the Company compares estimated undiscounted future cash flows, including estimated proceeds
from the eventual disposition of the asset, to the assets’ carrying value to determine if the asset (or asset group) is
recoverable. For an asset that fails the test of recoverability, the estimated fair value of property, plant and equipment is
determined and the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its fair value and the difference is charged to income in the period
incurred. 

   

 The Company capitalizes the costs of internal-use
software and includes the costs in “Property, Plant and Equipment.” The amounts capitalized and subsequently amortized
do not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

   

 Expenditures for maintenance and repairs
are charged against income as incurred. Expenditures that significantly increase asset value, extend useful asset lives or adapt
property to a new or different use are capitalized. 

   

 The Company capitalizes interest as a component
of the cost of capital assets constructed for its own use. The Company includes interest expense incurred on all liabilities,
including interest related to commercial creditor obligations, in the amount of interest expense subject to capitalization. See
Note 17 for additional details on interest payable to the Company’s commercial creditors. 

   

 The Company accounts for asset retirement
obligations by recording an asset and related liability for the costs associated with the retirement of long-lived tangible assets
when a legal liability to retire the assets exists. These obligations may result from acquisition, construction, or the normal
operation of a long-lived asset. The Company records asset retirement obligations at fair value in the period in which they are
incurred. The Company’s asset retirement obligations do not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     149 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 In addition, the Company has identified
conditional asset retirement obligations, such as for the removal of asbestos and records such obligations when there are plans
in place to undertake major renovations or plans to exit a facility. Due to the nature of the Company’s operations, the
Company believes that there is an indeterminate settlement date for the existing conditional asset retirement obligations as the
range of time over which the Company may settle the obligation is unknown or cannot be estimated. Therefore, the Company cannot
reasonably estimate the fair value of the liability. 

   

 Marketable Securities 

   

 The Company accounts for investments in
debt and equity securities at fair value for trading or available for sale securities. The amortized cost method is used to account
for investments in debt securities that the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. Investments in debt
and equity securities are included in “Marketable securities” in the current or noncurrent sections of the consolidated
balance sheets, as appropriate. All such investments are considered to be available for sale. The Company regularly evaluates
whether it intends to sell, or if it is more likely than not it will be forced to sell its available for sale securities to determine
if an other-than-temporary impairment loss has occurred. In addition, the Company regularly evaluates available evidence to determine
whether or not it will be able to recover the cost of these securities. If the Company is unable to recover the cost of the securities,
an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred and credit losses are charged to income in the period incurred. Temporary declines
in the fair value of investments are included in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss.” For the purpose of computing
realized gain or loss on the disposition of investments, the specific identification method is used. The Company’s policy
is to purchase investment grade securities. 

   

 Credit Risk 

   

 Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash, investments, derivative financial instruments and trade
receivables. The Company’s policies limit the amount of credit exposure to any single counterparty for cash and investments.
The Company uses major financial institutions with high credit ratings to engage in transactions involving investments and derivative
financial instruments. The Company minimizes credit risk in its receivables from customers through its sale of products to a wide
variety of customers and markets in locations throughout the world. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
and generally does not require collateral. The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses, and historically such losses
have been within expectations. 

   

 Intangibles 

   

 Intangible assets of the Company include
goodwill, patents and licenses and other assets acquired by the Company that are separable and measurable apart from goodwill.
Goodwill, representing the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets of businesses acquired, is tested at least annually
for impairment. The Company completed its annual test for impairment of goodwill during the three month period ended September
30, 2013. Other intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 

   

 Revenue 

   

 The Company recognizes revenue only when
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price to the customer
is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized when title and risk of loss transfer
to the customer for products and as work is performed for professional services. Amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction
related to shipping costs are classified as revenue. The Company reduces revenue for product returns, allowances and price discounts
at the time the sale is recognized. Amounts billed to customers in excess of amounts recognized as revenue are reported as deferred
revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. 

   

 Cost of Sales 

   

 Cost of sales includes material, labor and
overhead costs associated with the manufacture and shipment of the Company’s products, as well as research and development
costs. Shipping costs are primarily comprised of payments to third party freight carriers. Research and development costs are
primarily comprised of labor costs, outside services and depreciation. Research and development costs were $247.6, $281.2 and
$259.4 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     150 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Income Taxes 

   

 The income tax provision includes federal,
state and foreign income taxes that are both currently payable and deferred. The Company records deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax
returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amount
and tax base of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to
reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the expected future
tax benefits will not be realized. In determining the appropriate valuation allowance, certain judgments are made relating to
recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss carryforwards, level of expected future taxable income and available tax
planning strategies. These judgments are routinely reviewed by management. Further, the Company recognizes the financial statement
effects of uncertain tax liabilities stemming from uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that those positions
will not be sustained upon examination. 

   

 The Company recognizes interest and penalties
related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. Interest and penalties were not material to the Company’s consolidated
financial position and results of operations. 

   

 Foreign Currency Translation 

   

 The value of the U.S. dollar fluctuates
against foreign currencies. Because the Company conducts business in many countries, these fluctuations affect the Company’s
consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

   

 For foreign subsidiaries where the local
currency is the functional currency, assets and liabilities, stated in their functional currency, are translated into U.S. dollars
at exchange rates in effect at the end of the current period. The resulting gains or losses are reflected in “Accumulated
other comprehensive loss” in the stockholders’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The revenues and
expenses of these foreign subsidiaries, stated in their functional currency, are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange
rates that prevailed during the period. 

   

 For foreign subsidiaries where the U.S.
dollar is the functional currency, inventories, property, plant and equipment and other non-monetary assets, together with their
related elements of expense, are translated at historical exchange rates. All monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at
current exchange rates with gains and losses recognized in “Other nonoperating income (expenses), net” in the consolidated
statements of income. All other revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates. Therefore, the reported U.S. dollar
results included in the consolidated statements of income fluctuate from period to period, depending on the value of the U.S.
dollar against foreign currencies. 

   

 Derivative Financial
Instruments 

   

 The Company uses derivative financial instruments
to reduce the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on its earnings, cash flows and fair values of assets and liabilities.
In addition, the Company may use derivative financial instruments to reduce the impact of changes in natural gas and other commodity
prices on its earnings and cash flows. 

   

 The Company designates derivatives as either
(1) a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an unrecognized firm commitment
(fair value hedge), (2) a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows of a forecasted transaction (cash flow hedge) or
(3) a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Where an instrument is designated as
a hedge, the Company formally documents all relationships between the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk
management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes relating all derivatives that
are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments
or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis whether
each derivative is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. If it is determined
that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, or if a derivative ceases to be a highly effective hedge, the Company will
discontinue hedge accounting with respect to that derivative prospectively. 

   

 The Company measures derivative financial
instruments at fair value and classifies them as “Other current assets,” “Other noncurrent assets,” “Other
current liabilities,” or “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains
and losses related to the Company’s derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in “Accumulated other
comprehensive loss.” These gains and losses are reclassified from “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” as
the underlying hedged item affects earnings. Realized derivative gains and losses related to cash flow hedges, foreign exchange
contracts and commodity contracts are recognized in the Company’s income statement in “Other nonoperating income (expenses),
net” or “Cost of sales,” as appropriate. Both unrealized and realized gains and losses related to derivative
instruments used to hedge the economic exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and not designated as hedging instruments are
recognized in “Other nonoperating income (expenses), net” and “Income tax provision.” 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     151 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Cash flows from derivatives designated as
hedges are classified in the same category of the consolidated statements of cash flows as the items being hedged. Cash flows
from derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are classified in the investing activities section of the consolidated
statements of cash flows. 

   

 Litigation 

   

 The Company is subject to legal
proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business. The Company routinely assesses the likelihood of any
adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as ranges of probable losses. A determination of the amount of the
reserves required, if any, for these contingencies is made after analysis of each known issue and an analysis of historical
claims experience for incurred but not reported matters. The Company expenses legal costs, including those related to loss
contingencies, as incurred. The Company has an active risk management program consisting of numerous insurance policies
secured from many carriers. These policies provide coverage that is utilized to mitigate the impact, if any, of certain of
the legal proceedings. The required reserves may change in the future due to new developments in each matter. 

   

 Environmental
Matters 

   

 The Company determines the costs of environmental
remediation for its facilities, facilities formerly owned by the Company and third party waste disposal facilities based on evaluations
of current law and existing technologies. Inherent uncertainties exist in these evaluations primarily due to unknown conditions,
changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability and evolving technologies. The Company records a charge
to earnings for environmental matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the Company’s costs can
be reasonably estimated. The liabilities recorded are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress, or as additional
technical or legal information becomes available. 

   

 Warranties 

   

 In the normal course of business to facilitate
sales of its products, the Company has issued product warranties, and it has entered into contracts and purchase orders that often
contain standard terms and conditions that typically include a warranty. The Company’s warranty activities do not have a
material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

   

 Guarantees 

   

 Guarantees arise in the normal course of
business from relationships with customers, employees and nonconsolidated affiliates when the Company undertakes an obligation
to guarantee the performance of others (via delivery of cash or other assets) if specified triggering events occur. Non-performance
under a contract by the guaranteed party triggers the obligation of the Company. The Company’s potential obligation under
its guarantees is not material to the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

   

 New Accounting Standards 

   

 In December 2011, and as clarified in January
2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance that amended the disclosure requirements for
offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements
on its financial position. The guidance was effective for interim or annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013. The
adoption did not impact the Company’s financial statement disclosures. 

   

 In July 2012, the FASB issued guidance that
amended the requirements for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. The guidance permits the Company to assess
qualitative factors to determine necessity of further quantitative calculations. The guidance was effective for annual and interim
impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012, with early adoption permitted. The adoption did
not impact the Company’s financial position and results of operations. 

   

 In February 2013, the FASB issued guidance
that adds new disclosure requirements for items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”)
and is intended to help entities improve the transparency of changes in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and items
reclassified out of AOCI in their financial statements. The guidance does not amend any existing requirements for reporting net
income or OCI in the financial statements. The guidance was effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after January
1, 2013. Refer to Note 16 for the Company’s financial statement disclosures related to the adoption of this guidance. 

   

 In February 2013, the FASB issued guidance
to amend the requirements for the recognition, measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability
arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation within the scope of this guidance is fixed at the reporting date, except
for obligations addressed within existing guidance in U.S. GAAP. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. The adoption is not expected to impact the Company’s financial position
and results of operations. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     152 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 In March 2013, the FASB issued guidance
that resolves the diversity in practice about whether consolidation accounting guidance or foreign currency accounting guidance
applies to the release of the cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a parent either sells a part or all of its
investment in a foreign entity or no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or a certain group of assets
within a foreign entity. In addition, the guidance also resolves the diversity in practice for the treatment of business combinations
achieved in stages. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted.
The adoption is not expected to impact the Company’s financial position and results of operations. 

   

 In April 2013, the FASB issued guidance
that requires an entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when liquidation is imminent
and disclose the entity’s plan for liquidation, the methods and significant assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities,
the type and amount of costs and income accrued and the expected duration of the liquidation process. The guidance is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. The adoption is not expected
to impact the Company’s financial position and results of operations. 

   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued guidance that
allows an entity to use the Federal Funds Effective Swap Rate (or Overnight Index Swap Rate) as a benchmark interest rate for
hedge accounting purposes, in addition to the U.S. Treasury Rate and LIBOR. The guidance was effective prospectively for qualifying
new or redesignated hedging relationships entered into on or after July 17, 2013. The adoption did not impact the Company’s
financial position and results of operations. 

   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued guidance around
the presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward or tax credit carryforward exists. This
guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. The Company
early adopted this guidance for the period ended September 30, 2013. The adoption did not materially impact the Company’s
financial position. 

   

 
 NOTE 3      
 Gains on Long-Term Sales Agreements 
 

   

 In the third quarter of 2013, the Company
recognized a gain associated with the termination of a long-term sales agreement with a customer. The Company received a cash
payment of $183.2, of which, $176.5 was recognized in the current period and reflected in “Gains on long-term sales agreements”
within the consolidated statement of income. The remaining amount was applied to outstanding receivables or was deferred. The
Company considered the settlement to be a triggering event for a held-and-used impairment test as production assets were dedicated
solely to supplying this customer contract. As such, the Company evaluated the recoverability of the long-lived assets. Based
on this evaluation, the Company determined that the long-lived assets with a carrying amount of $122.2 were impaired, and as a
result, were written down to their estimated fair value of $8.3. Fair value was based on the liquidation value of these assets.
As the liquidation value exceeded the fair value based on future cash flows, the assets were written down to the liquidation value.
The impairment charge was reflected in “Asset impairment” within the consolidated statement of income. As a result
of the gain and impairment, net income attributable to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $40.7, after
income taxes. 

   

 In the third quarter of 2013, the Company
recognized a gain associated with the termination of multiple long-term sales agreements with a customer. The long-term sales
agreements required the customer to make initial non-refundable advanced cash payments, which were recorded as deferred revenue.
During the term of the contract, the customer ceased taking its contractually required minimum supply of product resulting in
a decision by the Company to terminate the contracts and initiate legal actions to recover damages associated with the customer’s
failure to perform. The termination and related actions resulted in recognition of $52.0 of previously recorded deferred revenue.
The Company has no remaining obligation to perform under the agreements. The pre-tax impact of the resolution was reflected in
“Gains on long-term sales agreements” within the consolidated statement of income. After income taxes and amounts
attributable to noncontrolling interests, net income attributable to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased
by $23.1. 

   

 In the third quarter of 2012, the Company
resolved a contract dispute related to certain long-term sales agreements. The resolution was mainly comprised of a cash payment
of $18.5, which was received by the Company in September 2012, and recognition of previously recorded deferred revenue of $24.7.
The Company has no remaining obligation to perform under the agreements. The pre-tax impact of the resolution was reflected in
“Gains on long-term sales agreements” within the consolidated statement of income. After income taxes and amounts
attributable to noncontrolling interests, net income attributable to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased
by $19.7. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2011, the Company
resolved a contract dispute related to certain long-term sales agreements. The resolution was mainly comprised of a cash payment
of $195.2, which was received by the Company in January 2012, and recognition of previously recorded deferred revenue of $229.9.
The Company has no remaining obligation to perform under the agreements. The pre-tax impact of the resolution was reflected in
“Gains on long-term sales agreements” within the consolidated statement of income. After income taxes and amounts
attributable to noncontrolling interests, net income attributable to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2011 increased
by $182.9. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     153 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 
 NOTE
4      Polycrystalline Silicon Market Conditions and China Trade Matters 
 

   

 The Company is a provider of polycrystalline
silicon and other silicon-based products used in the manufacturing of semiconductor devices and solar cells and modules. Pricing
for these products declined sharply beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011 through 2012. Markets stabilized in 2013 at prices
well below historical levels. These products account for a significant portion of the Company’s operating results. 

   

 In July 2012, the Chinese Ministry of
Commerce (“MOFCOM”) initiated antidumping and countervailing duty investigations of imports of solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon products from the U.S. and Korea based on a petition filed by Chinese solar-grade polycrystalline
silicon producers. The petition alleged that producers within these countries exported solar-grade polycrystalline silicon to
China at less than fair value and that production of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon in the U.S. has been subsidized by
the U.S. government. On July 18, 2013, MOFCOM announced its preliminary determination that China’s solar-grade
polycrystalline silicon industry suffered material damage because of dumping by producers in the U.S. and Korea. The Chinese
authorities imposed provisional antidumping duties on producers in the U.S. and Korea ranging from 2.4% to 57.0%, including
duties of 53.3% on future imports of solar-grade polycrystalline silicon product from the Company into China. On September
16, 2013, the Chinese authorities imposed provisional countervailing duties of 6.5%. On January 20, 2014, MOFCOM issued a
final determination, which resulted in no change to the antidumping duties and reduced the countervailing duties to 2.1%. The
requirement for customers to pay provisional duties on imports from solar-grade polycrystalline silicon producers became
effective July 24, 2013 for the antidumping duties and September 20, 2013 for the countervailing duties (adjusted for the
final determination). The Company will not be subject to duties for previous sales. The Company is evaluating possible
actions in response to the final determination. 

   

 During the fourth quarter of 2011, management
made a decision to temporarily delay ongoing construction activities associated with a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion.
Additional capital spending incurred on this expansion during 2012 was limited to activities necessary to stabilize and protect
the assets already constructed. As a result of the market conditions and uncertainties described above, solar-grade polycrystalline
sales volumes declined during 2012. In response, the production levels of certain of the Company’s existing operating assets
were reduced. During the fourth quarter of 2012, management determined the plant expansion was no longer economically viable due
to the market conditions and made the decision to abandon the partially constructed assets. The construction-in-progress assets
were written down to scrap values, resulting in a charge of $283.2 on assets that had a carrying value of $312.4. Further, the
startup of another polycrystalline silicon plant expansion that was expected to begin production in 2013 has been delayed and
the assets remain idled. Production will only commence when sales volumes increase to levels necessary to support the plant’s
capacity. The timing for startup of this expansion is uncertain. The Company is continuing to monitor market conditions and regulatory
developments. Future adverse conditions may cause the Company to re-evaluate the long-term viability of its idled assets. The
carrying value of the idled assets was $1.5 billion as of December 31, 2013. 

   

 Accounting standards require that if an
impairment indicator is present, the Company must assess whether the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable by estimating
the sum of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the estimated undiscounted cash flows are
less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment charge must be recognized for the difference between the carrying value
and the fair value of the asset. During the fourth quarter of 2012, the events and circumstances described above required the
Company to assess whether $4.0 billion of polycrystalline silicon assets might be impaired. However, the Company’s estimate
of undiscounted cash flows indicated the polycrystalline silicon assets were expected to be recovered. After write-down for the
abandonment discussed above, the total carrying value of polycrystalline silicon assets was $3.7 billion as of December 31, 2012.
As a result of the preliminary determination notices received from MOFCOM during the third quarter of 2013, the Company reassessed
whether the carrying value of the polycrystalline silicon assets might be impaired. The Company’s estimates of future undiscounted
cash flows continued to indicate the assets are expected to be recovered. 

   

 The Company’s estimates of cash flows
might change in a future period as a result of continued pricing deterioration, ongoing oversupply in the market or other adverse
market conditions that result in non-performance by customers under long-term contracts. Due to these factors, it is reasonably
possible that the estimate of undiscounted cash flows could change in the near term resulting in the need to write down those
assets to fair value. The carrying value of the polycrystalline silicon assets, including the idled assets discussed above, was
$3.6 billion as of December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 NOTE 5      Restructuring 
 

   

 In December 2012, the Company initiated
a plan of restructuring that primarily included the involuntary termination of professional employees worldwide and capital asset
disposals. As of December 31, 2012, the Company recorded $67.5 for employee-related costs associated with ongoing benefit arrangements
and $297.5 for asset disposals, including charges for the polycrystalline silicon asset abandonments discussed in Note 4. During
the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recorded an additional $11.2 for asset charges and decreased employee-related costs
by $1.2. As of December 31, 2013, this restructuring liability was $14.3. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     154 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 In March 2013, the Company initiated a separate
plan of restructuring that included the involuntary termination of professional and production employees, primarily in domestic
manufacturing locations where operations have declined. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recorded $9.0 for
employee-related costs and recognized a charge of $30.5 associated with the termination of a long-term supply contract. As of December
31, 2013, this restructuring liability was zero. 

   

 Restructuring liabilities are reflected in
“Other current liabilities” of the consolidated balance sheets. All restructuring liabilities are expected to be substantially
settled by March 31, 2014. 

   

 
 
     NOTE 6       
     Investments 
 
   

 Investments reflected in “Marketable
securities” in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $96.3 and $89.9, respectively. These
investments have been classified as available for sale. 

   

 The cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized
losses and fair value of the investments by classification were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 2013   
 
         
       
     Level     
     Cost     
     Gross Unrealized Gains     
     Gross Unrealized (Losses)     
     Fair Value   
 
     Debt Securities – Auction rate preferred securities   
       Level 3     
     $ 76.0     
     $ -     
     $ (7.0 )   
     $ 69.0   
 
     Foreign Equity Securities   
       Level 1     
       1.0     
       2.1     
       -     
       3.1   
 
     Preferred Equity Securities   
       Level 2     
       0.9     
       13.3     
       -     
       14.2   
 
     Other   
       Level 1     
       10.0     
       -     
       -     
       10.0   
 
     Total
    Marketable Securities   
             
     $ 87.9     
     $ 15.4     
     $ (7.0 )   
     $ 96.3   
 
   
 
 
         
     December 31, 2012   
 
         
       
     Level     
     Cost     
     Gross Unrealized Gains     
     Gross Unrealized (Losses)     
     Fair Value   
 
     Debt Securities – Auction rate preferred securities   
       Level 3     
     $ 76.0     
     $ -     
     $ (0.3 )   
     $ 75.7   
 
     Foreign Equity Securities   
       Level 1     
       1.8     
       1.5     
       -     
       3.3   
 
     Preferred Equity Securities   
       Level 2     
       0.9     
       2.4     
       -     
       3.3   
 
     Other   
       Level 1     
       7.6     
       -     
       -     
       7.6   
 
     Total Marketable Securities   
             
     $ 86.3     
     $ 3.9     
     $ (0.3 )   
     $ 89.9   
 

   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, no securities
were in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months. 

   

 Level 3 Assets 

   

 The changes in fair value of Level 3 assets
were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Beginning balance as of January 1   
     $ 75.7     
     $ 171.6   
 
     Transfers out of Level 3   
       -     
       -   
 
     Change in unrealized losses in other comprehensive loss   
       (6.7 )   
       18.0   
 
     Realized gains/(losses) included in earnings   
       -     
       3.4   
 
     Sales/redemptions of assets classified as Level 3   
       -     
       (117.3 ) 
 
     Ending balance as of December 31   
     $ 69.0     
     $ 75.7   
 

   

 Level 3 available for sale securities with
a cost basis of $113.9 were redeemed or sold during the year ended December 31, 2012. Realized gains for the redemptions and sales
were included in “Other nonoperating income (expenses), net.” These redemptions were related to securities backed by
student loans and were redeemed or sold at a weighted average price of 103.0% of the cost basis. 

   

 During the year ended December 31, 2011,
the Company recognized a loss of $11.7 ($7.4 net of the noncontrolling interests’ share) due to an other-than-temporary impairment
of auction rate securities backed by student loans. The loss was reflected in “Other nonoperating income (expenses), net”
on the consolidated statements of income. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     155 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 During the year ended December 31, 2013,
the Company reached a settlement relating to losses incurred by the Company associated with its auction rate securities portfolio
and the failure of the auction market. The total settlement reached was a $29.5 gain and was reflected in “Other nonoperating
income (expenses), net” on the consolidated statements of income. 

   

 The Company held the following securities
classified as Level 3 assets based upon valuation using significant unobservable inputs: 

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 2013   
 
         
     Fair Value     
     Valuation Technique   
     Unobservable Input   
     Range   
 
     Auction rate preferred securities   
       $69.0     
     Effective interest   
     Market required effective interest   
       4.5% - 5.4%   
 

   

 Auction Rate Preferred Securities 

   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company
held auction rate preferred securities valued at $69.0 and $75.7, respectively. The interest rates reset on these variable rate
instruments quarterly through an auction process. Since the auctions have failed, default dividend allocation methods are in effect.
While 84% of the securities were rated below investment grade as of December 31, 2013, all of the issuers of the underlying preferred
equity securities have continued to remit dividends consistent with historical practices. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, the Company was
not actively marketing, had no intent to sell, nor was it expected to be required to sell, its auction rate preferred securities
before the anticipated recovery in market value. In determining that the unrealized losses related to these securities were not
other-than-temporary, the Company considered several other factors. These factors included the financial condition and prospects
of the issuers, continuation of dividend payments, the magnitude of losses compared with the cost of the investments, the length
of time the investments have been in an unrealized loss position and the credit rating of the security. Management believes the
decline in fair value is primarily related to the current interest rate environment and market inefficiencies and not to the credit
deterioration of the individual issuers. Unrealized losses of $7.0 related to auction rate preferred securities were included in
“Accumulated other comprehensive loss” in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 
     Note 7      
     Inventories 
 
   

 The components of inventories were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
                                                                       December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Produced goods   
     $ 738.0     
     $ 765.8   
 
     Purchased materials   
       134.1     
       115.5   
 
     Maintenance and supplies   
       131.7     
       129.0   
 
     Total Inventory   
     $ 1,003.8     
     $ 1,010.3   
 

   

 Produced goods include both work-in-process
and finished goods. Due to the nature of the Company’s operations, it is not practical to classify inventory between work-in-process
and finished goods as such classifications can be interchangeable for certain inventoriable items. Purchased materials primarily
consist of the Company’s raw material inventories. Maintenance and supplies included in inventory primarily represent spare
component parts that are critical to the Company’s manufacturing processes. 

   

 
 
     NOTE 8      
     Income Taxes 
 
   

 The components of income before income taxes
and noncontrolling interests were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
                                                                       Years ended December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Domestic   
     $ 276.5     
     $ 175.5     
     $ 1,148.6   
 
     Foreign   
       391.0     
       172.7     
       494.9   
 
     Total   
     $ 667.5     
     $ 348.2     
     $ 1,643.5   
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     156 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 The components of the income tax provision were as follows: 

   

 

 

 
 
       
     Years Ended December 31, 
 
         
     2013   
     2012   
     2011 
 
         
     Current     
     Deferred     
     Total     
     Current     
     Deferred     
     Total     
     Current     
     Deferred     
     Total   
 
     Domestic   
     $ 213.1     
     $ (154.8 )   
     $ 58.3     
     $ (61.2 )   
     $ 104.2     
     $ 43.0     
     $ 146.5     
     $ 236.4     
     $ 382.9   
 
     Foreign   
       114.6     
       60.9     
       175.5     
       115.1     
       4.8     
       119.9     
       144.2     
       33.6     
       177.8   
 
     Total   
     $ 327.7     
     $ (93.9 )   
     $ 233.8     
     $ 53.9     
     $ 109.0     
     $ 162.9     
     $ 290.7     
     $ 270.0     
     $ 560.7   
 



   

 The tax effects of the principal temporary
differences giving rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
                                                    December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Deferred Tax Assets:   
             
           
 
     Implant costs   
     $ 592.4     
     $ 579.7   
 
     Postretirement benefit obligations   
       382.2     
       475.3   
 
     Tax loss carryforwards   
       143.8     
       151.8   
 
     Tax credit carryforwards   
       159.2     
       102.1   
 
     Accruals and other   
       147.4     
       187.3   
 
     Inventories   
       3.7     
       13.3   
 
     Long-term debt   
       44.3     
       42.2   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       120.8     
       8.6   
 
     Total deferred tax assets   
     $ 1,593.8     
     $ 1,560.3   
 
     Deferred tax liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Property, plant and equipment   
       (981.7 )   
       (1,015.1 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax assets prior to valuation allowance   
     $ 612.1     
     $ 545.2   
 
     Less: Valuation allowance   
       (169.7 )   
       (63.3 ) 
 
     Net Deferred Tax Assets   
     $ 442.4     
     $ 481.9   
 

   

 During 2013, the Company purchased additional
interest in a majority owned subsidiary, bringing the total ownership interest to over eighty percent. Due to this increase, the
subsidiary will now be included in the U.S. federal consolidated tax return. The 2013 balance sheet reflects this change by properly
netting the subsidiary’s deferred taxes within the U.S. filing group. If the 2012 balance sheet were to be presented comparably,
the noncurrent deferred tax asset would decrease from $970.1 to $372.7 and the noncurrent deferred tax liability would decrease
from $614.0 to $16.6. The noncurrent deferred tax asset and noncurrent deferred tax liability presented on the 2013 balance sheet
is $362.1 and $20.3, respectively. 

   

 The Company believes that it is more likely
than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. The criteria that management considered in making this determination
were historical and projected operating results, the ability to utilize tax planning strategies and the period of time over which
the tax benefits can be utilized. 

   

 Tax effected operating loss carryforwards
as of December 31, 2013 were $143.8. Of the tax effected operating loss carryforwards, $111.2 are subject to an indefinite carryforward
period and were generated by the Company’s subsidiaries in Brazil and the United Kingdom. 

   

 The Company has tax credit carryforwards
of $159.2 as of December 31, 2013 attributable to foreign tax credits in the U.S. and state investment tax of $75.0 and $84.2,
respectively. The foreign tax credits expire in 2019 through 2021. The state investment credit expires in 2028. 

   

 Valuation allowances of $169.7 have
been recorded as of December 31, 2013 where the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets
will be realized. Of this amount, $38.0 is attributable to realized and unrealized capital losses on marketable securities;
$83.4 to a state investment tax credit; $17.0 to net operating losses in Brazil; and $13.7 to state net operating losses in
the United States. 

   

 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds
received, was $155.8, $160.8 and $225.9 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     157 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 The effective rate of the income tax provision
may differ from the United States federal statutory tax rate. A reconciliation of the tax rate was as follows: 

   

 
 
         
                                                    Years ended December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Income Tax Provision at Statutory Rate   
     $ 233.6     
     $ 121.9     
     $ 575.2   
 
     Increase/(Decrease) in Income Tax Provision due to:   
             
             
           
 
     Foreign provisions and related items   
       6.7     
       (25.0 )   
       (13.1 ) 
 
     Domestic Manufacturing Deduction   
       (20.7 )   
       4.9     
       (24.9 ) 
 
     Valuation Allowances   
       11.7     
       (1.4 )   
       9.4   
 
     Change in foreign tax rates   
       13.1     
       10.2     
       12.8   
 
     Tax reserves   
       (8.1 )   
       8.6     
       -   
 
     Advanced energy manufacturing credits   
       -     
       -     
       (15.8 ) 
 
     Noncontrolling interest losses   
       4.5     
       46.0     
       12.4   
 
     U.S. tax effect of foreign earnings and dividends   
       2.9     
       4.0     
       2.6   
 
     Other, net   
       (9.9 )   
       (6.3 )   
       2.1   
 
     Total Income Tax Provision
    at Effective Rate   
     $ 233.8     
     $ 162.9     
     $ 560.7   
 
     Effective Rate   
       35.0 %   
       46.8 %   
       34.1 % 
 

   

 During the year ended December 31, 2010,
the Company was approved to receive Advanced Energy Manufacturing Tax Credits of approximately $169.0 that resulted in a $15.8
reduction in the income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

   

 During the fourth quarter of 2012, management
determined a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion would no longer be economically viable due to challenging market conditions
and abandoned this activity. The impact of the abandonment write-down was $36.3, included in Noncontrolling interest losses within
the table above. The impact of the write-down increases the effective tax rate as the Company does not receive the full tax benefit
from the portion of tax losses attributable to the noncontrolling shareholders. In future years, noncontrolling interest losses
will not affect the effective tax rate due to the Company acquiring the remaining interest in the majority owned subsidiary. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, income and remittance
taxes have not been recorded on $748.2 of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, as the Company intends to reinvest those
earnings indefinitely. If the Company did not intend to reinvest those earnings indefinitely, the Company would have a deferred
tax liability of $17.5 related to the outside basis difference of its foreign subsidiaries. 

   

 The Company files income tax returns in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject
to U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. income tax examination by tax authorities for years before 2006. 

   

 The following table indicates, for each significant
jurisdiction, the earliest tax year that remains subject to examination: 

   

 
 
         
     Year   
         
     Year 
 
     United Kingdom   
     2012   
     Korea   
     2013 
 
     Belgium   
     2011   
     Brazil   
     2008 
 
     Japan   
     2010   
     China   
     2008 
 
     Germany   
     2011   
     United States   
     2006 
 

   

 The Company has been participating in the
IRS Compliance Assurance Process since the 2011 tax year. In addition, certain foreign jurisdictions and certain states have commenced
examinations of returns filed by the Company and some of its foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2013, no jurisdiction has
proposed any significant adjustments to the Company’s tax returns that management believes would be sustained and would materially
affect the Company’s financial position. In addition, the Company does not anticipate that any material adjustments will
result from settlements, closing of tax examinations or expiration of applicable statutes of limitation in various jurisdictions
within the next 12 months. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     158 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 During the year ended December 31, 2010,
the Company received proposed adjustments from the IRS related to the Company’s consolidated federal income tax returns for
2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010. The Company filed protests and appeals in response to the proposed adjustments for the years 2006
through 2010. The Company also made voluntary protective bond deposits of $145.0 in 2010 and subsequently redeemed $112.2 of the
deposits in 2012 due to management’s belief that the IRS assertions would not be sustained. Certain proposed adjustments
relating to the 2006 and 2007 tax years were settled in 2012, which resulted in a return of $17.9 of the bond deposits and retention
of the remaining $14.9 by the IRS as part of the settlement. Due to the temporary nature of the proposed adjustments on the 2006
and 2007 federal tax returns, the settlement did not materially impact income tax expense. Additional tax payments of $57.9 were
made for the 2008 through 2010 tax years for respective anticipated adjustments. These additional tax payments were made to alleviate
the potential for interest expense and penalties. Certain proposed adjustments related to the 2008 through 2010 tax years were
settled in 2013, which will result in an expected refund of $29.0 and retention of the remaining $28.9 by the IRS. Due to the temporary
nature of the adjustments on the 2008, 2009 and 2010 federal tax returns, the settlement did not materially impact income tax expense.
Management believes that the remaining deficiencies asserted by the IRS will not be sustained and is vigorously contesting the
IRS claims. If the IRS prevails on the proposed adjustments for the remaining years under audit, the resulting tax deficiency will
be $115.3. Management believes that the resolution of the remaining issues will not have a material impact on the Company’s
consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

   

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending
amount of unrecognized gross tax benefits, excluding the federal benefit of state items, interest, and penalties, was as follows: 

   

 
 
       
       
       
     Years ended December 31, 
       
 
       
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
     2011 
       
 
     Unrecognized tax benefits as of January 1, 
       
       
     $ 
     16.9 
       
       
     $ 
     3.7 
       
       
     $ 
     10.6 
       
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
       
       
       
     70.6 
       
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     - 
       
 
     Additions for tax positions of prior years 
       
       
       
     33.7 
       
       
       
     27.8 
       
       
       
     - 
       
 
     Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
       
       
       
     (5.6 
     ) 
       
       
     (0.3 
     ) 
       
       
     (6.9 
     ) 
 
     Settlements 
       
       
       
     (26.1 
     ) 
       
       
     (14.3 
     ) 
       
       
     - 
       
 
     Balance as of December 31, 
       
       
     $ 
     89.5 
       
       
     $ 
     16.9 
       
       
     $ 
     3.7 
       
 
   

 The Company had approximately $89.5 of total
gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2013. Of this total, $12.6 (including interest, penalties and net of the federal
benefit on state issues) represents the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective income
tax rate in any future period. 

   

 
 
     NOTE 9       
     Derivatives 
 
   

 In the third quarter of 2013, the Company
recognized a favorable long-term supply contract at fair value. The contract provides for the supply of electricity, which is expected
to be used in the normal course of business. The contract requires the purchase of minimum volumes and any unused volumes are liquidated
on a net basis when minimum volumes are not taken. The contract is a derivative, but was previously unrecognized under the normal
purchase normal sale scope exception within the derivative accounting guidance. Due to operational matters and uncertainty regarding
the level of future physical deliveries and net settlements under the contract, the Company determined that the normal purchase
normal sale scope exception could no longer be applied. Income and a derivative asset of $61.6 were recorded in “Other nonoperating
income (expenses), net” and “Other noncurrent assets,” respectively, as of December 31, 2013. 

   

 Under a discounted cash flow method, the
fair value of the supply contract was determined by using market prices from the Brazilian Intercontinental Exchange (“BRIX”)
for the years 2013 through 2016 and extrapolating them over the remaining periods where market prices are not observable. Since
the BRIX curve only provides forward pricing until December 2016, the inputs used in the valuation of the contract were considered
Level 3. Electricity prices used in the valuation ranged from $57 to $104 U.S. dollars per megawatt hour for the years 2013 through
2016. The Company used the observable price from 2016 of $57 U.S. dollars per megawatt hour as the basis for prices in the final
years, 2017 and 2018. Changes in the fair value of the contract will be recorded in earnings in “Other nonoperating income
(expenses), net” in future periods. Cash flows related to this derivative are reflected in the “Cash flows from operating
activities” section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

   

 Other derivative balances and hedging activities
were not material to the financial position and results of operations of the Company. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 159 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
     NOTE 10      
     Variable Interest Entities 
 
   

 The Company holds minority voting interests
in certain joint ventures that produce key raw material inputs for the Company. These joint ventures operate under supply agreements
that sell inventory to the equity owners using pricing mechanisms that guarantee a return, therefore shielding the joint ventures
from the right or ability to absorb expected gains or losses. As a result of the pricing mechanisms of these agreements, these
entities are determined to be variable interest entities. As the Company does not hold the power to direct the activities that
most significantly impact the economic performance of these entities, it is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not
consolidate the results of these entities. 

   

 The Company accounts for its investment in
these entities under the equity method of accounting. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement
with these variable interest entities is determined to be the carrying value of the investment in these entities plus the maximum
amount of potential future payments under the Company’s guarantees of nonconsolidated subsidiaries’ debt. As of December
31, 2013, the maximum exposure to loss was $154.8. 

   

 
 
     NOTE 11      
     Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
   

 The components of property, plant and equipment
were as follows: 

   

 
 
       
       
     Estimated Useful 
       
       
     December 31, 
       
 
       
       
     Life (Years) 
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
 
     Land 
       
       
     - 
       
       
     $ 
     204.3 
       
       
     $ 
     220.4 
       
 
     Land improvements 
       
       
     11-20 
       
       
       
     545.4 
       
       
       
     398.4 
       
 
     Buildings 
       
       
     18-33 
       
       
       
     2,918.7 
       
       
       
     2,307.2 
       
 
     Machinery and equipment 
       
       
      3-25 
       
       
       
     8,735.9 
       
       
       
     7,852.3 
       
 
     Construction-in-progress 
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     134.1 
       
       
       
     1,708.0 
       
 
     Total property, plant and equipment 
       
       
       
       
       
     $ 
     12,538.4 
       
       
     $ 
     12,486.3 
       
 
     Accumulated depreciation 
       
       
       
       
       
       
     (5,307.3 
     ) 
       
       
     (4,933.2 
     ) 
 
     Net property, plant and equipment 
       
       
       
       
       
     $ 
     7,231.1 
       
       
     $ 
     7,553.1 
       
 
   

 The Company recorded depreciation expense
of $484.0, $391.5 and $357.2 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

   

 The amount of interest capitalized as a component
of the cost of capital assets constructed for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $16.5, $94.5 and $68.9, respectively. 

   

 
 
     NOTE 12       
     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company
had gross goodwill of $70.3 and $68.7, respectively. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill related to currency translation.
The gross and net amounts of intangible assets, excluding goodwill, were as follows: 

   

 
 
       
       
     December 31, 2013 
       
 
       
       
     Gross Carrying Amount 
       
     Accumulated 
 Amortization 
       
     Net 
 Carrying Amount 
       
 
     Patents and licenses 
       
       
     $ 
     6.5 
       
     $ 
     (0.2) 
       
      $ 
     6.3 
       
 
     Completed technology 
       
       
       
     15.2 
       
       
     (14.2) 
       
       
     1.0 
       
 
     Electricity contract 
       
       
       
     35.3 
       
       
     (13.2) 
       
       
     22.1 
       
 
     Land use rights 
       
       
       
     52.6 
       
       
     (6.5) 
       
       
     46.1 
       
 
     Other 
       
       
       
     25.9 
       
       
     (24.3) 
       
       
     1.6 
       
 
     Total 
       
       
     $ 
     135.5 
       
     $ 
     (58.4) 
       
     $ 
     77.1 
       
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 160 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
       
       
     December 31, 2012 
       
 
       
       
     Gross Carrying Amount 
       
     Accumulated 
 Amortization 
       
     Net 
 Carrying Amount 
       
 
     Patents and licenses 
       
       
     $ 
     11.2 
       
     $ 
     (3.6) 
       
      $ 
     7.6 
       
 
     Completed technology 
       
       
       
     18.5 
       
       
     (14.1) 
       
       
     4.4 
       
 
     Electricity contract 
       
       
       
     35.3 
       
       
     (10.3) 
       
       
     25.0 
       
 
     Land use rights 
       
       
       
     51.1 
       
       
     (5.3) 
       
       
     45.8 
       
 
     Other 
       
       
       
     33.2 
       
       
     (32.2) 
       
       
     1.0 
       
 
     Total 
       
       
     $ 
     149.3 
       
     $ 
     (65.5) 
       
     $ 
     83.8 
       
 
   

 The Company recorded amortization expense
related to these intangible assets of $6.1, $7.1 and $10.1 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
The estimated aggregate amortization expense to be recorded in each of the next five years is as follows: 2014 - $5.5, 2015 - $5.5,
2016 - $5.5, 2017 - $5.6, 2018 - $5.6. 

   

 
 
     NOTE 13      
     Notes Payable and Credit Facilities 
 
   

 Short-Term Borrowings 

   

 The Company had outstanding short-term debt
of $73.8 and $71.6 in Asia as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The borrowings in Asia were primarily denominated in
Renminbi with an interest rate generally set by the People’s Bank of China at the time of borrowing. The weighted average
interest rate for the outstanding short-term borrowings was 5.4% as of December 31, 2013. Since the interest rates for the borrowings
in Asia are reset regularly based on market conditions, management believes the carrying value of the debt approximates its fair
value for these borrowings and would be classified as a Level 2 measurement due to use of valuation inputs based on similar liabilities
in the market. The Company is in compliance with its debt covenants related to the short-term borrowings. 

   

 Amounts reflected in “Short-term borrowings
and current maturities of long-term debt” in the consolidated balance sheets also contain current maturities of the long-term
debt instruments disclosed below when repayment is due within the next 12 months. Such amounts were 
$5.5 and $137.5 as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 Credit Facilities 

   

 In March 2011, the Company entered into a
five-year $1,000.0 revolving credit facility agreement with various U.S. and foreign banks. In November 2013, the facility was
extended through 2018. The facility allows for borrowing in multiple currencies for working capital needs and general corporate
purposes of the Company. Borrowings bear interest at a LIBOR-plus rate or an alternate rate based on LIBOR, the Prime Rate or the
Federal Funds Effective rate plus various spreads based on the terms of the agreement. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had
no outstanding balance on the facility. 

   

 In addition, the Company had unused and committed
credit facilities with various U.S. and foreign banks totaling $67.9 and $188.4 as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
These credit facilities may require the payment of commitment fees. The Company intends to renew these facilities at their respective
maturities. These facilities are available to support working capital requirements. 

   

 Long-Term Debt 

   

 Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

   



 
 
       
       
       
     Years Ended December 31, 
       
 
       
       
       
     2013 
       
     Rates 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
     Rates 
       
 
     Long-term debt 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Variable rate notes due 2013-2014 
       
       
     $ 
     - 
       
       
     - 
       
       
     $ 
     198.1 
       
       
     6.0 
     % 
 
     Variable rate notes due 2016 
       
       
       
     150.0 
       
       
     1.3 
     % 
       
       
     - 
       
       
     - 
       
 
     Fixed rate notes due 2018 
       
       
       
     350.0 
       
       
     4.1 
     % 
       
       
     350.0 
       
       
     4.1 
     % 
 
     Variable rate bonds due 2019 
       
       
       
     2.5 
       
       
     0.2 
     % 
       
       
     3.7 
       
       
     0.3 
     % 
 
     Fixed rate notes due 2021 
       
       
       
     350.0 
       
       
     4.8 
     % 
       
       
     350.0 
       
       
     4.8 
     % 
 
     Other obligations and capital leases 
       
       
       
     90.1 
       
       
     3.5-9.0 
     % 
       
       
     79.3 
       
       
     3.5-9.0 
     % 
 
     Total long-term debt 
       
       
     $ 
     942.6 
       
       
       
       
       
     $ 
     981.1 
       
       
       
       
 
     Less current maturities of long-term debt 
       
       
       
     5.5 
       
       
       
       
       
       
     137.5 
       
       
       
       
 
     Total long-term debt due after one year 
       
       
     $ 
     937.1 
       
       
       
       
       
     $ 
     843.6 
       
       
       
       
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 161 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 In February 2013, a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company entered into an unsecured term loan with a U.S. branch of a Japanese bank. The amount of the loan was $150.0 and
is due February 2016. Since the interest rate for the borrowing under the loan agreement is reset regularly based on market conditions,
management believes the carrying value of the debt approximates the fair value of the borrowing and is classified as a Level 2
measurement due to use of valuation inputs based on similar liabilities in the market. 

   

 In March 2011, the Company issued senior
unsecured fixed rate notes at par with an aggregate principal amount of $700.0, including $350.0 of 4.1% Series A Notes due March
2018 and $350.0 of 4.8% Series B notes due March 2021. Valuation of the senior notes is conducted on a quarterly basis using the
benchmark risk-free interest rate with a credit spread based on comparable companies with similar credit risk profiles and considering
business-specific risks. Because the fixed rate notes were valued using inputs based on similar liabilities observed in the market,
the Company’s fixed rate notes were classified as a Level 2 measurement. As of December 31, 2013, the fair values of Series
A Notes and Series B Notes were $358.4 and $367.9, respectively. 

   

 In April 2009, a majority owned subsidiary
of the Company entered into an unsecured five-year term loan facility with a syndicate of commercial banks in China. The amount
of the facility was 4.2 billion Renminbi ($688.9 U.S. dollars). The facility permitted borrowing in U.S. dollars and Renminbi with
required repayments commencing two years after the drawdown date. The subsidiary had $198.1 outstanding under the facility as of
December 31, 2012. The full amount was repaid as of December 31, 2013. No further borrowings are available under this facility. 

   

 The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance
with its debt covenants, including leverage ratios and interest coverage ratios. 

   

 Annual aggregate maturities of the long-term
debt of the Company are: 2014 - $5.5, 2015 - $5.6, 2016 - $154.7, 2017 - $4.3, and $772.5 for 2018 and beyond. 

   

 Cash paid for interest during the year ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $57.8, $95.4 and $91.8, respectively. 

   

 Sales of Receivables 

   

 The Company maintains an accounts receivable
facility with a bank in Japan which expires in March 2014. The discount rate under this facility is the equivalent of TIBOR plus
0.25%. The Company sold receivables in the amount of $244.7 and $179.8 to this bank in exchange for cash proceeds of $244.6 and
$179.8 during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Under the facility, the Company continues to collect the
receivables from the customer but retains no interest in the receivables. The facility agreement does not permit the Company to
transfer the receivables to any other institution and the Company is not permitted to repurchase the transferred receivables. The
transfer of receivables provides additional liquidity to the Company. The counterparty for the receivables facility is a financial
institution that specializes in receivables securitization transactions and is financed through the issuance of commercial paper. 

   

 Additionally, the Company has access to a
short term borrowing facility securitized by receivables in the U.S. which expires in October 2014. The interest rate under this
facility is based on LIBOR. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no outstanding amounts under this facility. The facility
agreement does not permit the Company to transfer the receivables to any other institution and the Company is not permitted to
repurchase the transferred receivables. 

   

 Letters of Credit 

   

 The Company had outstanding letters of credit
of $52.8 and $32.6 as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 
 
     Note 14       
     Deferred Revenue 
 
   

 The Company has historically entered into
long-term product sales agreements with certain customers. Under certain agreements, customers are obligated to purchase minimum
quantities of product and make specified payments. Most of these product sales agreements extend over various periods and prior
to 2012 the revenue associated with the agreements had been recognized using the average sales price over the life of the agreements.
Under the average price methodology, differences between amounts invoiced to customers under the agreements and amounts recognized
using the average price methodology were reported as deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. After a series of amendments
to the agreements in 2012, the Company concluded that future sales prices were no longer fixed and determinable and discontinued
the use of the average price methodology. For the year ended December 31, 2012 and periods thereafter, the revenue associated with
these product sales agreements is recognized using invoice-based pricing with a ratable recognition of existing deferred revenue
amounts. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED - 2013 Form 10-K 162 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Under certain agreements, customers were required
to make initial non-refundable advanced cash payments. During the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, advanced payments of
$111.2 and $95.3, respectively, were received by the Company. The Company expects to receive advanced payments of $65.8 in the
next twelve months. Advanced cash payments received are recorded as deferred revenue and are typically applied ratably on a per
kilogram basis as products are shipped over the life of the agreements. Modification to terms of the agreements may alter the timing
of future advanced payments receipts or their application to future purchases. In the event that certain product delivery timelines
are not met, subject to specific conditions outlined in the agreements, customers may be entitled to damages up to the amount of
the advanced cash payments. The advanced payments received are reflected in the “Cash flows from operating activities”
section of the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

   

 Total deferred revenue reflected in “Current
deferred revenue” and “Deferred revenue” in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012,
was $3,442.6 and $3,572.3, respectively. The changes in deferred revenue were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Beginning balance as of January 1   
     $ 3,572.3     
     $ 3,632.7     
     $ 3,396.7   
 
     Average price revenue generated   
       -     
       1.9     
       65.7   
 
     Average price revenue recognized   
       (15.8 )   
       (26.1 )   
       (22.0 ) 
 
     Advanced payments received   
       111.2     
       95.3     
       588.0   
 
     Advanced payments applied   
       (175.4 )   
       (88.7 )   
       (183.9 ) 
 
     Contract resolution / Other   
       (49.7 )   
       (42.8 )   
       (211.8 ) 
 
     Ending balance as of December 31   
     $ 3,442.6     
     $ 3,572.3     
     $ 3,632.7   
 

   

 Current deferred revenue of $305.2 and
$120.2 was recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The current portion
was determined based on the Company’s estimate of advanced payments to be applied to customer purchases in the next 12
months. 

   

 
 
     NOTE
    15       
     Pension
    and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 


   

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

   

 The Company maintains defined benefit employee
retirement plans covering most domestic and certain non-U.S. employees. The components of net periodic benefit cost for the Company’s
U.S. and non-U.S. plans were as follows: 

   

 

 
 
         
     Years Ended December 31,   
 
         
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
     2 013     
     2012     
     2011     
     2013     
     2012     
     2011     
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net Periodic Benefit Cost   
       
             
             
             
       
             
             
             
       
             
             
           
 
     Service cost   
       
     $ 61.6     
     $ 63.3     
     $ 44.3     
       
     $ 26.0     
     $ 26.1     
     $ 23.7     
       
     $ 87.6     
     $ 89.4     
     $ 68.0   
 
     Interest cost on projected benefit obligations   
       
       83.1     
       85.1     
       87.2     
       
       30.5     
       33.5     
       34.3     
       
       113.6     
       118.6     
       121.5   
 
     Expected return on plan assets   
       
       (71.6 )   
       (74.5 )   
       (61.3 )   
       
       (30.6 )   
       (30.8 )   
       (33.2 )   
       
       (102.2 )   
       (105.3 )   
       (94.5 ) 
 
     Amortization of net prior service costs   
       
       2.4     
       2.7     
       2.8     
       
       1.2     
       1.4     
       0.9     
       
       3.6     
       4.1     
       3.7   
 
     Amortization of net losses   
       
       59.1     
       65.9     
       48.5     
       
       11.9     
       12.2     
       7.0     
       
       71.0     
       78.1     
       55.5   
 
     Other adjustments   
       
       -     
       -     
       -     
       
       2.6     
       -     
       0.7     
       
       2.6     
       -     
       0.7   
 
     Total   
       
     $ 134.6     
     $ 142.5     
     $ 121.5     
       
     $ 41.6     
     $ 42.4     
     $ 33.4     
       
     $ 176.2     
     $ 184.9     
     $ 154.9   
 



   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -    2013 Form 10-K 163 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations
that were recognized in or reclassified from other comprehensive income as of December 31 were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
       
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
       
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Amortization of net prior service costs   
       
     $ (2.4 )   
     $ (2.7 )   
       
     $ (0.8 )   
     $ (0.8 )   
       
     $ (3.2 )   
     $ (3.5 ) 
 
     Amortization of net losses or settlement recognition   
       
       (59.1 )   
       (65.9 )   
       
       (12.1 )   
       (12.1 )   
       
       (71.2 )   
       (78.0 ) 
 
     Net loss (gain) arising during the year   
       
       (194.7 )   
       (25.5 )   
       
       (48.8 )   
       (11.8 )   
       
       (243.5 )   
       (37.3 ) 
 
     Total   
       
     $ (256.2 )   
     $ (94.1 )   
       
     $ (61.7 )   
     $ (24.7 )   
       
     $ (317.9 )   
     $ (118.8 ) 
 

   

 The Company’s defined benefit employee
retirement plans have a measurement date of December 31 of the applicable year. The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit
obligation and fair value of plan assets for defined benefit plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets
as of December 31 were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
       
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
       
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Projected benefit obligation   
       
     $  1,948.4     
     $  2,136.3     
       
     $ 742.0     
     $ 711.0     
       
     $  2,690.4     
     $  2,847.3   
 
     Accumulated benefit obligation   
       
       1,663.8     
       1,769.8     
       
       726.2     
       644.9     
       
       2,390.0     
       2,414.7   
 
     Fair value of plan assets   
       
       1,330.5     
       1,310.8     
       
       566.0     
       492.5     
       
       1,896.5     
       1,803.3   
 

   

 The reconciliation of beginning and ending balances
of the projected benefit obligation, beginning and ending balances of the fair value of plan assets and the funded status of the
plans as of December 31 were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Change in benefit obligation   
       
             
             
       
             
             
       
             
           
 
     Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year   
       
     $ 2,136.3     
     $ 2,026.2     
       
     $ 833.7     
     $ 769.9     
       
     $ 2,970.0     
     $ 2,796.1   
 
     Service cost   
       
       61.6     
       63.3     
       
       26.0     
       26.1     
       
       87.6     
       89.4   
 
     Interest cost   
       
       83.1     
       85.1     
       
       30.5     
       33.5     
       
       113.6     
       118.6   
 
     Actuarial (gains) losses   
       
       (245.8 )   
       43.4     
       
       19.6     
       13.8     
       
       (226.2 )   
       57.2   
 
     Foreign currency exchange rate changes   
       
       -     
       -     
       
       7.3     
       21.4     
       
       7.3     
       21.4   
 
     Benefits paid and settlements   
       
       (86.9 )   
       (81.7 )   
       
       (28.5 )   
       (31.0 )   
       
       (115.4 )   
       (112.7 ) 
 
     Curtailments and Other   
       
       -     
       -     
       
       (20.7 )   
       -     
       
       (20.7 )   
       -   
 
     Projected benefit obligation, end of year   
       
     $ 1,948.3     
     $ 2,136.3     
       
     $ 867.9     
     $ 833.7     
       
     $ 2,816.2     
     $ 2,970.0   
 
     Fair value of plan assets   
       
             
             
       
             
             
       
             
           
 
     Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year   
       
     $ 1,310.9     
     $ 1,133.3     
       
     $ 579.3     
     $ 497.5     
       
     $ 1,890.2     
     $ 1,630.8   
 
     Actual return on plan assets   
       
       20.8     
       143.4     
       
       62.3     
       56.3     
       
       83.1     
       199.7   
 
     Foreign currency exchange rate changes   
       
       -     
       -     
       
       15.9     
       22.5     
       
       15.9     
       22.5   
 
     Employer contributions   
       
       85.7     
       115.9     
       
       32.1     
       34.0     
       
       117.8     
       149.9   
 
     Benefits paid and settlements   
       
       (86.9 )   
       (81.7 )   
       
       (28.5 )   
       (31.0 )   
       
       (115.4 )   
       (112.7 ) 
 
     Fair value of plan assets, end of year   
       
     $ 1,330.5     
     $ 1,310.9     
       
     $ 661.1     
     $ 579.3     
       
     $ 1,991.6     
     $ 1,890.2   
 
     Funded status of plans   
       
     $ (617.8 )   
     $ (825.4 )   
       
     $ (206.8 )   
     $ (254.4 )   
       
     $ (824.6 )   
     $ (1,079.8 ) 
 
     Accumulated benefit obligation   
       
       1,663.8     
       1,769.8     
       
       802.7     
       714.3     
       
       2,466.5     
       2,484.1   
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 164 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 The assets by category and fair value level of
the U.S and non-U.S. defined benefit employee retirement plans were as follows: 

   

 

 
 
       
         
     December 31, 2013 
 
       
         
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3     
     Total   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents 
         
     $ 4.9     
     $ -     
     $ -     
     $ 4.9   
 
     Equity securities 
         
       192.2     
       3.0     
       -     
       195.2   
 
     Corporate debt securities 
         
       -     
       354.9     
       -     
       354.9   
 
     U.S. government debt securities 
         
       -     
       200.0     
       -     
       200.0   
 
     U.S. government guaranteed mortgage backed securities 
         
       -     
       18.5     
       -     
       18.5   
 
     Other governmental debt securities 
         
       1.0     
       66.2     
       -     
       67.2   
 
     Investment funds 
         
       70.8     
       1,073.2     
       0.4     
       1,144.4   
 
     Other 
         
       -     
       6.5     
       -     
       6.5   
 
     Total 
         
     $ 268.9     
     $ 1,722.3     
     $ 0.4     
     $ 1,991.6   
 



 

   

 
 
       
         
     December 31, 2012 
 
       
         
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3     
     Total   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents 
         
     $ 4.9     
     $ -     
     $ -     
     $ 4.9   
 
     Equity securities 
         
       165.7     
       3.0     
       -     
       168.7   
 
     Corporate debt securities 
         
       0.1     
       355.4     
       -     
       355.5   
 
     U.S. government debt securities 
         
       -     
       248.5     
       -     
       248.5   
 
     U.S. government guaranteed mortgage backed securities 
         
       -     
       9.1     
       -     
       9.1   
 
     Other governmental debt securities 
         
       0.8     
       93.1     
       -     
       93.9   
 
     Investment funds 
         
       41.6     
       963.9     
       0.3     
       1,005.8   
 
     Other 
         
       -     
       3.8     
       -     
       3.8   
 
     Total 
         
     $ 213.1     
     $ 1,676.8     
     $ 0.3     
     $ 1,890.2   
 

   

 The changes in fair value of Level 3 assets for
the year ended December 31, 2013 were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Beginning balance as of January 1, 2013   
     $ 0.3   
 
     Actual return on assets   
       0.1   
 
     Purchases   
       -   
 
     Sales   
       -   
 
     Ending balance as of December 31, 2013   
     $ 0.4   
 

   

 Level 1 assets were valued based on quoted prices
in active markets. Level 2 assets were primarily comprised of assets held in investment funds. The value of these funds was determined
based on quoted prices in active markets for assets that are identical to the underlying assets held by the funds. 

   

 Level 3 assets were investments in a long term
property lease fund. Due to the absence of observable prices in an active market for the same or similar securities, the fair value
of the securities was based on the last available market price for the underlying assets. 

   

 Amounts recorded in the consolidated balance
sheets as of December 31 were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Current benefit liabilities   
      $ (5.8 )   
     $ (5.1 )   
      $ (3.4 )   
     $ (3.2 )   
      $ (9.2 )   
     $ (8.3 ) 
 
     Noncurrent benefit liabilities   
       (612.0 )   
       (820.3 )   
       (203.4 )   
       (251.2 )   
       (815.4 )   
       (1,071.5 ) 
 
     Total recognized liabilities   
     $ (617.8 )   
     $ (825.4 )   
     $ (206.8 )   
     $ (254.4 )   
     $ (824.6 )   
     $ (1,079.8 ) 
 
     Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax)   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Prior service cost   
     $ 10.5     
     $ 13.0     
     $ 6.0     
     $ 8.2     
     $ 16.5     
     $ 21.2   
 
     Net loss   
       724.8     
       978.6     
       157.1     
       218.6     
       881.9     
       1,197.2   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   
     $ 735.3     
     $ 991.6     
     $ 163.1     
     $ 226.8     
     $ 898.4     
     $ 1,218.4   
 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 165 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The Company expects to recognize $43.4 of net
loss and $3.3 of net prior service cost as a component of net periodic pension cost in 2014 for its defined benefit pension plans. 

   

 The expected return on plan assets is a long-term
assumption based on projected returns for assets and the approved asset allocations of the plan. For the purpose of pension expense
recognition, the Company uses a market-related value of assets that amortizes the difference between the expected return and the
actual return on plan assets over a three-year period. The Company had approximately $10.9 of net unrecognized asset gains associated
with its U.S. pension plans as of December 31, 2013 that will be recognized in the calculation of the market-related value of assets
and subject to amortization in future periods. 

   

 For the U.S. defined benefit plan, as of
December 31, 2013, the fair value of plan assets included 40% of equity securities and 60% of debt securities. The plan
targets an asset allocation of 40% equity securities and 60% debt securities. The plan’s expected long-term rate of
return is determined by the asset allocation and expected future rates of return on equity and fixed income securities. 

   

 Given the relatively long horizon of the Company’s
aggregate obligation, its investment strategy is to improve and maintain the funded status of its U.S. and non-U.S. plans over
time without exposure to excessive asset value volatility. The Company manages this risk primarily by maintaining actual asset
allocations between equity and fixed income securities for the plans within a specified range of its target asset allocation. In
addition, the Company ensures that diversification across various investment subcategories within each plan are maintained within
specified ranges. 

   

 All of the Company’s pension assets are
managed by outside investment managers and held in trust by third-party custodians. The selection and oversight of these outside
service providers is the responsibility of investment committees. The selection of specific securities is at the discretion of
the investment manager and is subject to the provisions set forth by written investment management agreements and related policy
guidelines regarding permissible investments and risk control practices. 

   

 The Company’s funding policy is to
contribute to defined benefit plans when pension laws and economics either require or encourage funding. Contributions of
approximately $85.9 are planned for the U.S. plans in 2014. Contributions of approximately $16.5 are planned for non-U.S.
plans in 2014. 

   

 The weighted-average assumptions used to
determine the benefit obligation and to determine the net benefit costs are shown in the following table. Discount rates and
rates of increase in future compensation are weighted based upon the projected benefit obligations of the respective plans.
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is weighted based on total plan assets for each plan at year end. The
long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption is determined considering historical returns and expected future asset
allocation and returns for each plan. 

   

 
 
         
     Benefit Obligations at December 31, 
 
         
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
     2013   
     2012   
     2013   
     2012   
     2013   
     2012 
 
     Discount rate   
       4.8%     
       4.0%     
       4.0%     
       3.8%     
       4.5%     
       3.9%   
 
     Rate of increase in future compensation levels   
       4.3%     
       4.3%     
       1.1%     
       3.7%     
       3.2%   
       4.1%   
 

   

 
 
         
     Net Periodic Pension Cost for the Years Ended December 31, 
 
         
     U.S. Plans   
     Non-U.S. Plans   
     Total 
 
         
     2013   
     2012   
     2011   
     2013   
     2012   
     2011   
     2013   
     2012   
     2011 
 
     Discount rate   
       4.0 %    
       4.3 %    
       5.5 %   
       3.8 %    
       4.4 %   
       4.9 %   
       4.0 %    
       4.3 %   
       5.2 % 
 
     Rate of increase in future compensation levels   
       4.3 %   
       4.8 %    
       4.8 %   
       3.6 %   
       4.2 %   
       4.3 %   
       4.1 %   
       4.6 %   
       4.6 % 
 
     Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets   
       5.6 %   
       6.6 %   
       6.4 %   
       5.6 %   
       5.9 %   
       6.5 %   
       5.6 %   
       6.4 %   
       6.4 % 
 

   

 The Company uses the Citigroup Pension Discount
Curve and matches points along the curve to the estimated future benefit payments of the U.S. defined benefit plans to arrive at
an effective discount rate. The discount rates for non-U.S. defined benefit plans are based on benchmark rate indices specific
to the respective countries and durations similar to those of the plans’ liabilities. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 166 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 The Company expects to pay benefits under its
defined benefit plans in future periods as detailed in the following table. The expected benefits have been estimated based on
the same assumptions used to measure the Company’s benefit obligation as of December 31, 2013 and include benefits attributable
to future employee service. 

   

 
 
         
     Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
         
       
     U.S. Plans     
       
     Non-U.S. Plans     
       
     Total   
 
     2014   
       89.4     
       26.1     
       115.5   
 
     2015   
       90.3     
       28.7     
       119.0   
 
     2016   
       91.8     
       30.5     
       122.3   
 
     2017   
       93.8     
       35.5     
       129.3   
 
     2018   
       96.4     
       38.1     
       134.5   
 
     2019-2023   
       541.1     
       224.0     
       765.1   
 

   

 Other Postretirement Plans 

   

 In addition to providing pension benefits, the
Company provides certain health care benefits for most retired employees, primarily in the U.S. The cost of providing these benefits
to retirees outside the U.S. is not significant; therefore, this discussion relates to the U.S. plans only. Net periodic postretirement
benefit cost included the following components: 

   

 
 
         
     Years Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost   
             
             
           
 
     Service cost   
     $ 5.9     
     $ 5.9     
     $ 5.1   
 
     Interest cost   
       13.4     
       14.2     
       15.8   
 
     Amortization of prior service credits   
       (1.6 )   
       (4.7 )   
       (6.6 ) 
 
     Amortization of actuarial losses   
       8.7     
       7.4     
       5.4   
 
     Total   
     $ 26.4     
     $ 22.8     
     $ 19.7   
 

   

 Other changes in benefit obligations that were
recognized in or reclassified from other comprehensive income included: 

   

 
 
         
     Years Ended December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Amortization of prior service costs   
     $ 1.6     
     $ 4.7   
 
     Amortization of loss   
       (8.7 )   
       (7.4 ) 
 
     Net loss (gain) arising during the year   
       (44.0 )   
       13.5   
 
     Total   
     $ (51.1 )   
     $ 10.8   
 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 167 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The reconciliation of the beginning and ending
balances of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 
 
         
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation   
             
           
 
     Accrued postretirement benefit obligation at beginning of year   
     $ 362.9     
     $ 345.8   
 
     Service cost   
       5.9     
       5.9   
 
     Interest cost   
       13.4     
       14.2   
 
     Actuarial loss/(gain)   
       (44.0 )   
       13.5   
 
     Benefits paid   
       (18.2 )   
       (16.5 ) 
 
     Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at end of year   
     $ 320.0     
     $ 362.9   
 
     Funded status of plans   
     $ (320.0 )   
     $ (362.9 ) 
 
     Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets   
             
           
 
     Current benefit liabilities   
     $ (19.9 )   
     $ (19.7 ) 
 
     Noncurrent benefit liabilities   
       (300.1 )   
       (343.2 ) 
 
     Total recognized liabilities   
     $ (320.0 )   
     $ (362.9 ) 
 
     Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax)   
             
           
 
     Prior service credit   
       (3.6 )   
       (5.2 ) 
 
     Net loss   
       83.2     
       135.9   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss   
     $ 79.6     
     $ 130.7   
 

   

 The Company expects to recognize $4.6 of net
loss and $0.7 of net prior service credit as a component of net periodic postretirement benefit cost in 2014. 

   

 The health care cost trend rate used in measuring
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 8.0% and 8.2% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. In both 2013 and 2012, the
health care cost trend rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 5.0% in 2033 and remain at that level thereafter. The health care
cost trend rate assumption has an effect on the amounts reported, but is offset by plan provisions that limit the Company’s
share of the total postretirement health care benefits cost for the vast majority of participants. The Company’s portion
of the total annual health care benefits cost is capped at specified dollar amounts for participants who retired in 1994 or later
and such limits are expected to be reached in all subsequent years. Increasing the assumed health care cost trend rate by one percentage
point in each year would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by 1.6% and the aggregate of the service and
interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 2013 by 1.2%. Decreasing the assumed health care cost
trend rates by one percentage point in each year would decrease the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by 1.2% and the
aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 2013 by 0.9%. 

   

 The discount rate used to determine the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was 4.5%, 3.8% and 4.3%, respectively. The discount rate
used to determine net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was 3.8%, 4.3%
and 5.3%, respectively. The Company uses the Citigroup Pension Discount Curve and matches points along the curve to the estimated
future benefit payments of the U.S. postretirement health care benefit plans to arrive at an effective discount rate. 

   

 The Company funds most of the cost of the postretirement
health care as incurred. Benefit payments to retirees were $19.9 for the year ended December 31, 2013. Reimbursements received
under Medicare Part D were $1.7 for the year ended December 31, 2013. The Company expects to pay future benefits under its postretirement
health care plans and expects to receive reimbursements from annual Medicare Part D subsidies as detailed in the following table.
The expected payments have been estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company’s postretirement benefit
obligations as of December 31, 2013. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 168 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
         
     Estimated Postretirement Benefit Payments     
     Estimated Medicare Subsidies   
 
     2014   
       20.4     
       1.8   
 
     2015   
       20.5     
       2.0   
 
     2016   
       20.5     
       2.2   
 
     2017   
       20.6     
       2.4   
 
     2018   
       20.7     
       2.6   
 
     2019-2023   
       104.3     
       17.1   
 

   

 Defined Contribution Plans 

   

 The Company has various defined
contribution and savings plans covering certain employees. The Company made matching contributions under defined contribution
plans of $17.8, $19.5 and $22.9 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The U.S. plan is the
largest of the defined contribution and savings plans maintained by the Company. Employer matching contributions for the U.S.
defined contribution plan for the year ended December 31, 2013 were $15.8. The Company expects to make additional
contributions of $17.8 to all defined contribution plans during 2014. 

   

 
 NOTE 16      
 	Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 

   

 A summary of the components of accumulated
other comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, included the following components: 

   

 

 
 
         
     Foreign currency translation adjustment     
     Unrealized net gain (loss) on available for sale securities     
     Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges (1)     
     Unamortized pension losses and prior service costs (2)     
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   
 
     Balance as of December 31, 2010   
     $ 217.4     
     $ (27.9 )   
     $ (5.6 )   
     $ (659.9 )   
     $ (476.0 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       10.7     
       (14.5 )   
       (6.1 )   
       (300.3 )   
       (310.2 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified from AOCI (3)   
       -     
       26.9     
       4.1     
       37.9     
       68.9   
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       10.7     
       12.4     
       (2.0 )   
       (262.4 )   
       (241.3 ) 
 
     Balance as of December 31, 2011   
     $ 228.1     
     $ (15.5 )   
     $ (7.6 )   
     $ (922.3 )   
     $ (717.3 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       (10.6 )   
       20.9     
       (1.9 )   
       15.1     
       23.5   
 
     Amounts reclassified from AOCI (3)   
       -     
       (3.4 )   
       6.0     
       54.6     
       57.2   
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       (10.6 )   
       17.5     
       4.1     
       69.7     
       80.7   
 
     Balance as of December 31, 2012   
     $ 217.5     
     $ 2.0     
     $ (3.5 )   
     $ (852.6 )   
     $ (636.6 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       11.5     
       3.7     
       0.1     
       192.9     
       208.2   
 
     Amounts reclassified from AOCI (3)   
       -     
       -     
       3.5     
       53.1     
       56.6   
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       11.5     
       3.7     
       3.6     
       246.0     
       264.8   
 
     Balance as of December 31, 2013   
     $ 229.0     
     $ 5.7     
     $ 0.1     
     $ (606.6 )   
     $ (371.8 ) 
 





   

 
 (1) Net of tax effect of $(2.1), $(2.4) and $1.1 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. Tax effects of gains and losses arising during the period and reclassifications for gains included in income are
included in the table below. 
 
     
 
 (2) Net of tax effect of $(128.0), $(37.9) and $136.3 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011, respectively. Tax effects of gains and losses arising during the period and amortization in net income are included in the
table below. 
 
     
 
 (3) The unamortized pension losses and prior service costs are included in the computation of net periodic
pension cost (see Note 15 for additional details). 

   

 
 
     CORNING
    INCORPORATED -  2013 Form 10-K 
     169 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 
 
       Years Ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                                          2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedges:   
             
             
           
 
     Gain (loss) arising during the period   
     $ (0.1 )   
     $ 1.0     
     $ 3.3   
 
     Less: reclassification for gain included in income   
       (2.0 )   
       (3.4 )   
       (2.2 ) 
 
     Net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges   
       (2.1 )   
       (2.4 )   
       1.1   
 
     Defined benefit plan adjustments:   
             
             
           
 
     Net gain (loss) arising during the period   
       (99.6 )   
       (8.3 )   
       156.0   
 
     Less: amortization of pension adjustments in net income   
       (28.4 )   
       (29.6 )   
       (19.7 ) 
 
     Defined benefit plans, net   
       (128.0 )   
       (37.9 )   
       136.3   
 
     Total tax (expense)
    benefit   
     $ (130.1 )   
     $ (40.3 )   
     $ 137.4   
 

   

 
 NOTE 17      Commitments And Contingencies 
 

   

 Chapter 11 Related Matters 

   

 On May 15, 1995 (the “Filing Date”),
the Company voluntarily filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan, Northern Division in order to resolve the Company’s breast implant liabilities and related
matters (the “Chapter 11 Proceeding”). The Joint Plan of Reorganization was confirmed in November 1999 and provides
funding for the resolution of breast implant and other products liability litigation covered by the Chapter 11 Proceeding through
several settlement options or through litigation and for the satisfaction of commercial creditor claims in the Chapter 11 Proceeding.
The Company emerged from the Chapter 11 Proceeding on June 1, 2004 (the “Effective Date”) and is implementing its Joint
Plan of Reorganization. 

   

 Breast Implant and Other Products Liability Claims 

   

 Products liability claims to be resolved
by settlement are administered by a settlement facility (the “Settlement Facility”), and products liability claims
to be resolved by litigation are defended by a litigation facility (the “Litigation Facility”). Products liability
claimants choosing to litigate their claims are required to pursue their claims through litigation against the Litigation Facility.
Under the Joint Plan of Reorganization, the total amount of payments by the Company committed to resolve products liability claims
will not exceed a net present value of $2.35 billion determined as of the Effective Date using a discount rate of 7%. Of this amount,
no more than a net present value of $400.0 determined as of the Effective Date will be used to fund the Litigation Facility. 

   

 Funding the Settlement and Litigation Facilities 

   

 The Company has an obligation to fund the
Settlement Facility and the Litigation Facility (collectively, the “Facilities”) over a 16-year period, commencing
at the Effective Date. The Company anticipates that it will be able to meet its remaining payment obligations to the Facilities
utilizing cash flow from operations, insurance proceeds and/or prospective borrowings. If the Company is unable to meet its remaining
obligations to fund the Facilities, the Company will also have access to a ten-year unsecured revolving credit commitment, established
by Dow Chemical and Corning, in an original maximum aggregate amount of $300.0. Beginning June 1, 2009, the amount available decreases
by $50.0 per year and will fully expire June 1, 2014. As of December 31, 2013 the maximum aggregate amount available to the Company
under this revolving credit commitment was $50.0. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had not drawn any amounts against the revolving
credit commitment. 

   

 Funds are paid by the Company (a) to
the Settlement Facility with respect to products liability claims, as such claims are processed and allowed by the Settlement
Facility and (b) via the Settlement Facility with respect to products liability claims processed through the Litigation
Facility, as such claims are resolved. Insurance settlements are paid by the Company directly to the Settlement Facility or
by the Company’s insurers on behalf of the Company. The amount of funds paid by or on behalf of the Company is subject
to annual and aggregate funding limits. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recognized a $24.2 gain in
“Other nonoperating income (expenses), net” on the consolidated statements of income in connection with recently
concluded insurance settlements. The Company has made payments of $1,752.8 to the Settlement Facility through December 31,
2013. 

   

 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated   -   2013 Form 10-K 
     170 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 In accordance with the Joint Plan of
Reorganization, and subject to the annual and aggregate funding limits, future payments to the Settlement Facility will be
made on a periodic basis as necessary to preserve the liquidity of the Settlement Facility until such payment obligations
cease as provided for in the Plan. Based on these funding agreements, the recorded liability is adjusted to maintain the
present value of $2.35 billion determined as of the Effective Date using a discount rate of 7% (“Time Value
Adjustments”). The Company has made early payments to the Settlement Facility in advance of their due dates and has
recognized Time Value Adjustments for certain of those early payments consisting primarily of insurance proceeds. Time Value
Adjustments are also recognized for periods when sufficient liquidity exists in the Settlement Facility, such that full
payments from the Company are not required to be made within the annual funding period. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company’s
“Implant reserve” recorded in the consolidated balance sheets was $1,616.4 and $1,609.4, respectively. These amounts
reflect the Company’s estimated remaining obligation to fund the resolution of breast implant and other medical device claims
pursuant to the Company’s Joint Plan of Reorganization and other breast implant litigation related matters. The actual amounts
payable and the timing of payments by the Company to the Settlement Facility are uncertain and will be affected by, among other
things, (a) the rate at which claims are resolved by the Facilities, (b) future claim filing deadlines, (c) the rate at which insurance
proceeds are received by the Company from its insurers, (d) the timing of second priority payments, if any, to claimants,
(e) the outcome of legal determinations on various claim categories and (f) the degree to which Time Value Adjustments are recognized. 

   

 In December 2013, the U.S. District Court
for the Eastern District of Michigan, acting upon the recommendation and motion of the court-appointed Finance Committee and over
the objection of the Company, authorized the Finance Committee to disburse a portion (50%) of second priority payments to claimants.
The plan documents provide that second priority payments, in full or in part, may be paid only upon a showing that adequate funding
for first priority payments is assured. The Company believes the required level of assurance has not been reached and is in the
process of appealing the ruling. The Company will continue to monitor outcomes of this action and will continue to evaluate available
information regarding expected levels of future funding under the Plan. 

   

 It is reasonably possible the Company’s
estimate of the remaining obligation could materially change in future periods as a result of management’s assessment of
the expected amounts to be paid by the Company to the Settlement Facility through the end of the 16-year period that commenced
at the Effective Date. 

   

 Insurance Allocation Agreement between the Company and Dow
Chemical 

   

 A number of the products liability
insurance policies relevant to claims against the Company name the Company and Dow Chemical as co-insureds (the “Shared
Insurance Assets”). In order to resolve issues related to the amount of the Shared Insurance Assets that would be
available to the Company for resolution of its products liability claims, the Company and Dow Chemical entered into an
insurance allocation agreement. Under this agreement, 25% of certain of the Shared Insurance Assets were paid by the Company
to Dow Chemical subsequent to the Effective Date. The maximum amount payable under the agreement was $285.0. As of December
31, 2013, $284.1 had been paid to Dow Chemical and $0.9 was reflected in “Other noncurrent liabilities.” 

   

 In accordance with the agreement, a
portion of any such amounts paid to Dow Chemical, to the extent not offset by certain qualifying product liability claims
paid by Dow Chemical, will be paid over to the Company after the expiration of a 17.5-year period commencing on the Effective
Date. As of December 31, 2013, Dow Chemical had given notice to the Company that it has thus far incurred $174.0 of
potentially qualifying claims. 

   

 Commercial Creditor Issues 

   

 The Joint Plan of Reorganization provides
that each of the Company’s commercial creditors (the “Commercial Creditors”) would receive in cash the sum of
(a) an amount equal to the principal amount of their claims and (b) interest on such claims. The actual amount of interest that
will ultimately be paid to these Commercial Creditors is uncertain due to pending litigation between the Company and the Commercial
Creditors regarding the appropriate interest rates to be applied to outstanding obligations from the Filing Date through the Effective
Date (the “Pendency Interest”) as well as the presence of any recoverable fees, costs and expenses. 

   



 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated   -   2013 Form 10-K 
     171 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The Company’s position is that (a)
Pendency Interest should be (i) an amount determined by applying non-default rates of interest for floating rate obligations in
accordance with the formulas in the relevant contracts, except that the aggregate amount of interest cannot be less than that resulting
from the application of a fixed rate of 6.28% through the Effective Date and (ii) the higher of the relevant contract rates or
6.28% for all other obligations to the Commercial Creditors through the Effective Date, (b) interest payable to the Commercial
Creditors for periods following the Effective Date should be computed at 5% and (c) default interest rates should not apply (the
“Company’s Position”). The Commercial Creditors’ position is that (a) Pendency Interest should be an amount
determined by applying default rates of interest with respect to amounts overdue under the terms of the relevant debt and commercial
agreements until the Effective Date, (b) interest payable to the Commercial Creditors for periods following the Effective Date
should be computed at 5% and (c) certain of the Commercial Creditors are entitled to unspecified fees, costs and expenses. The
Company has paid to the Commercial Creditors an amount of interest that the Company considers to be undisputed, which was calculated
by application of the Company’s Position (the “Undisputed Portion”). 

   

 In July 2006, the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit concluded that there is a general presumption that contractually specified default interest should be paid
by a solvent debtor to unsecured creditors (the “Interest Rate Presumption”) and permitting the Company’s Commercial
Creditors to recover fees, costs and expenses where allowed by relevant loan agreements and state law. The matter was remanded
to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan for further proceedings, including rulings on the facts surrounding
specific claims and consideration of any equitable factors that would preclude the application of the Interest Rate Presumption. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, the Company has
paid approximately $1.5 billion to the Commercial Creditors, representing principal and the Undisputed Portion. As of December
31, 2013, the Company has estimated its liability payable to the Commercial Creditors to be within a range of $94.2 to $308.9.
However, no single amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range. Therefore, the
Company has recorded the minimum liability within the range. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the amount of interest included
in “Accrued interest” recorded in the consolidated balance sheets related to the Company’s potential obligation
to pay additional interest to its Commercial Creditors in the Chapter 11 Proceeding was $92.7 and $88.3, respectively. The actual
amount of interest that will be paid to these creditors is uncertain and will ultimately be resolved through continued proceedings
in the District Court. 

   

 Risks and Uncertainties 

   

 As additional facts and circumstances develop
related to Chapter 11 matters, it is at least reasonably possible that amounts recorded in the Company’s consolidated financial
statements may be revised. Future revisions, if required, could have a material effect on the Company’s financial position
or results of operations in the period or periods in which such revisions are recorded. Since any specific future developments,
and the impact such developments might have on amounts recorded in the Company’s consolidated financial statements, are unknown
at this time, an estimate of possible future adjustments cannot be made. 

   

 Environmental Matters 

   

 The Company was previously advised by the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) or by similar state and non-U.S. national regulatory agencies that the
Company, together with others, is a Potentially Responsible Party (“PRP”) with respect to a portion of the cleanup
costs and other related matters involving a number of waste disposal sites. Management believes that there are 25 sites at which
the Company may have some liability, although management expects to settle the Company’s liability for 11 of these sites
for amounts that are not material. 

   

 Based upon preliminary estimates by the
EPA or the PRP groups formed with respect to these sites, the aggregate liabilities for all PRP’s at those sites at
which management believes the Company may have more than a de minimis liability is $30.3. Management cannot estimate the
aggregate liability for all PRP’s at all of the sites at which management expects the Company has a de minimis
liability. The Company records accruals for environmental matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and
the Company’s costs can be reasonably estimated. The amount accrued for environmental matters was $3.6 and $4.8 as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 As additional facts and circumstances develop,
it is at least reasonably possible that the accrued liability related to environmental matters may be revised. While there are
a number of uncertainties with respect to the Company’s estimate of its ultimate liability for cleanup costs at these waste
disposal sites, management believes that any costs incurred in excess of those accrued will not have a material adverse impact
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. This opinion is based upon the number of identified PRP’s at each
site, the number of such PRP’s that are believed by management to be financially capable of paying their share of the ultimate
liability, and the portion of waste sent to the sites for which management believes the Company might be held responsible based
on available records. 

   

 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated -  2013 Form 10-K 
     172 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Other Regulatory Matters 

   

 Companies that manufacture and sell
chemical products may experience risks under current or future laws and regulations which may result in significant costs and
liabilities. The Company routinely conducts health, toxicological and environmental tests of its products. The Company cannot
predict what future regulatory or other actions, if any, may be taken regarding the Company’s products or the
consequences of their production and sale. Such actions could result in significant losses, and there can be no assurance
that significant losses would not be incurred. However, based on currently available information, the Company does not
believe that any such actions would have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 Other Legal Matters 

   

 The Company is subject to various
claims and lawsuits that arise during the normal course of business, including matters relating to commercial disputes,
product liability, governmental regulation and other actions. The Company believes that the possibility is remote that
resolution of all presently pending matters would have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. 

   

 Leases 

   

 The Company leases certain real and personal
property under agreements that generally require the Company to pay for maintenance, insurance and taxes. For the years ended December
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 lease expense was $51.4, $53.9 and $55.9, respectively. The minimum future lease payments required under
noncancellable operating leases as of December 31, 2013 in the aggregate are $244.2, including the following amounts due in each
of the next five years: 2014 – $47.7, 2015 – $31.9, 2016 – $26.9, 2017 – $20.7 and 2018 – $18.4. 

   

 
 NOTE 18        	Changes in Ownership of Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 

   

 In the first quarter of 2013, the Company
acquired additional ownership interests in two majority owned consolidated subsidiaries within the polycrystalline silicon industry
in exchange for total consideration of $24.0. The consideration was primarily in the form of a promissory note that was paid in
April 2013. The Company adjusted the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest by $38.3 to reflect the change in ownership
of the subsidiaries. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company
acquired additional ownership interests in three majority owned consolidated subsidiaries within the polycrystalline silicon industry
in exchange for total cash consideration of $242.0. The Company adjusted the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest by
$149.4 to reflect the change in ownership of the subsidiaries. 

   

 The acquisitions were accounted for as equity
transactions. 

   

 
 NOTE 19      Related
                                                                                          Party Transactions 
 

   

 The Company has transactions in the normal
course of business with its shareholders, Dow Chemical and Corning and their affiliates. The following tables summarize related
party transactions and balances with the Company’s shareholders: 

   

 
 
       Years Ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                          2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Sales to Dow Chemical   
     $ 17.0     
     $ 6.9     
     $ 11.8   
 
     Sales to Corning   
       18.9     
       23.3     
       22.3   
 
     Purchases from Dow Chemical   
       69.3     
       65.3     
       69.3   
 
   
 
 
       December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                          2013     
     2012   
 
     Accounts receivable from Dow Chemical   
     $ 1.0     
     $ 0.3   
 
     Accounts receivable from Corning   
       0.7     
       1.0   
 
     Accounts payable to Dow Chemical   
       2.1     
       2.9   
 

   





 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated -  2013 Form 10-K 
     173 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     



 Amounts shown as payables to Dow Chemical
exclude the balance owed under the insurance allocation agreement disclosed in Note 17. In addition, the Company has transactions
in the normal course of business with nonconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling shareholders. The following tables summarize
related party transactions and balances with nonconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling shareholders: 

   

 
 
       Years Ended December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                         2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Sales to nonconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling shareholders   
     $ 528.6     
     $ 612.4     
     $ 714.9   
 
     Purchases from nonconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling shareholders   
       164.2     
       268.8     
       328.2   
 
   
 
 
       December 31,   
 
         
                                                                                                                         2013     
     2012   
 
     Accounts receivable from nonconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling shareholders   
     $ 95.5     
     $ 66.5   
 
     Accounts payable to nonconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling shareholders   
       7.2     
       9.9   
 

   

 In addition, the Company loans excess funds
to Toray Industries, Inc., which is the noncontrolling shareholder of one of the Company’s non-wholly owned consolidated
subsidiaries. The amount of loans receivable as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $46.7 and $39.6, respectively. These balances
are included in “Notes and other receivables” in the consolidated balance sheets. 

   

 In November 2012, a majority owned
subsidiary received a loan from the noncontrolling shareholder, Wacker Chemie AG. The loan bears interest at 4.5% and is due
in November 2021. In December 2012, the majority owned subsidiary received an additional loan from Wacker Chemie AG, which
also bears interest at 4.5% and is due in November 2020. The outstanding balance of these loans, including accumulated
interest, was 740.1 and 707.5 Renminbi ($121.4 and $112.6 U.S. dollars, respectively) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. The loan balances are included in “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the consolidated balance
sheets. 

   



 
 
     CORNING
    INCORpORated -  2013 Form 10-K 
     174 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 SAMSUNG CORNING PRECISION MATERIALS CO., LTD. 

   

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 As of December 
31, 2013  and  2012 
 and for the years ended 
 December  31, 2013, 2012  and 
2011 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Samsung Corning Precision
Materials Co., Ltd. Index 

   

 December 31, 2013 and 2012 
and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

   

 

 
 
       
       
     Page(s) 
 
       
       
       
 
     Independent Auditor’s Report 
       
     177 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Financial Statements 
       
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets 
       
     178 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income 
       
     180 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
    Income 
       
     181 
 
       
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
       
     182 
 
       
       
       
 
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
       
     183-199 
 

   

 

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 176 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Independent Auditor’s Report 

   

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd. 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
financial statements of Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance
sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 Management’s
Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 Management is responsible for the preparation
and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation
and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

   

 Auditor’s Responsibility 

   

 Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America and in accordance with the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 

   

 An audit involves performing procedures
to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend
on our judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, we consider internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation
and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

   

 Opinion 

   

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Samsung Corning Precision Materials
Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

   


 /s/ Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers 

 Seoul, Korea 

 February 8, 2014 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 177 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. 

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 
 
     (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets   
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
       $ 2,525,381     
     $ 1,609,360   
 
     Short-term financial instruments   
       190,025     
       844,365   
 
     Accounts and notes receivable   
             
           
 
     Customers, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $5,115 and $5,931   
       74,957     
       110,315   
 
     Related parties   
       277,845     
       382,994   
 
     Inventories   
       92,767     
       92,324   
 
     Current deferred income tax assets, net   
       2,062     
       1,914   
 
     Assets held for sale   
       292,617     
       313,288   
 
     Other current assets   
       109,291     
       136,571   
 
     Total current assets   
       3,564,945     
       3,491,131   
 
     Equity method investments   
       2,352     
       6,689   
 
     Property, plant and equipment, net   
       3,336,416     
       3,644,033   
 
     Non-current deferred income tax assets, net   
       102     
       129   
 
     Other non-current assets   
       183,048     
       243,704   
 
     Total Assets   
     $ 7,086,863     
     $ 7,385,686   
 
     Liabilities and Equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities   
             
           
 
     Accounts payable   
             
           
 
     Trade accounts payable   
     $ 3,025     
     $ 16,098   
 
     Non-trade accounts payable   
       21,753     
       32,834   
 
     Related parties   
       50,507     
       78,549   
 
     Income taxes payable   
       109,787     
       158,126   
 
     Accrued bonus payable   
       60,198     
       71,667   
 
     Accrued expenses   
       27,967     
       21,431   
 
     Liabilities held for sale   
       51,095     
       14,228   
 
     Other current liabilities   
       13,081     
       12,279   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       337,413     
       405,212   
 
     Accrued severance benefits, net   
       -     
       5,975   
 
     Non-current deferred income tax liabilities, net   
       210,740     
       247,185   
 
     Total liabilities   
     $ 548,153     
     $ 658,372   
 

   

 Commitments and Contingencies 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 178 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. 

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 
 
     (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Shareholders’ equity   
             
           
 
     Preferred stock: par value $8.51 per share, 153,190 shares authorized, 41,107 shares issued and outstanding   
       $ 350     
     $ 350   
 
     Common stock: par value $10.03 per share, 30,000,000 shares authorized, 17,617,462 shares issued and outstanding   
       176,700     
       176,700   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       312,114     
       312,114   
 
     Retained earnings   
       5,749,288     
       6,040,493   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income   
       290,078     
       185,480   
 
     Total Samsung Corning Precision Materials equity   
       6,528,530     
       6,715,137   
 
     Noncontrolling interests   
       10,180     
       12,177   
 
     Total equity   
       6,538,710     
       6,727,314   
 
     Total liabilities and equity   
     $ 7,086,863     
     $ 7,385,686   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 179 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Income 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31, 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net sales   
             
             
           
 
     Related parties   
       $ 1,747,484     
     $ 2,294,153     
     $ 2,668,020   
 
     Other   
       401,730     
       670,542     
       1,270,572   
 
         
       2,149,214     
       2,964,695     
       3,938,592   
 
     Cost of sales   
       953,254     
       964,623     
       1,051,234   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,195,960     
       2,000,072     
       2,887,358   
 
     Selling and administrative expenses   
       151,812     
       140,927     
       160,861   
 
     Research and development expenses   
       80,012     
       92,661     
       79,902   
 
     Royalty expenses to related parties   
       55,572     
       81,616     
       213,838   
 
     Operating income   
       908,564     
       1,684,868     
       2,432,757   
 
     Other income (expense)   
             
             
           
 
     Interest income (expense), net   
       72,772     
       91,914     
       110,561   
 
     Foreign exchange (loss) gain, net   
       (10,784 )   
       (35,160 )   
       5,450   
 
     Charitable donations   
       (26,746 )   
       (26,815 )   
       (23,737 ) 
 
     Other income (expense), net   
       506     
       (5,205 )   
       28,187   
 
     Income from continuing operations before income taxes   
       944,312     
       1,709,602     
       2,553,218   
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       223,502     
       301,652     
       477,230   
 
     Income from continuing operations before equity losses   
       720,810     
       1,407,950     
       2,075,988   
 
     Equity losses of affiliated companies   
       (5,198 )   
       (39,366 )   
       (27,758 ) 
 
     Net income from continuing operations   
       715,612     
       1,368,584     
       2,048,230   
 
     Discontinued operations:   
             
             
           
 
     (Loss) income from operations   
       (67,021 )   
       30,478     
       23,731   
 
     Income tax expense   
       539     
       9,621     
       9,318   
 
     Net income (loss) from discontinued operations   
       (67,560 )   
       20,857     
       14,413   
 
     Net income including noncontrolling interests   
       648,052     
       1,389,441     
       2,062,643   
 
     Less: Net (loss) income attributable to the noncontrolling interests   
       (1,299 )   
       (116 )   
       1,873   
 
     Net income attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
       $ 649,351     
     $ 1,389,557     
     $ 2,060,770   
 
     Income from continuing operations attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
       716,911     
       1,368,700     
       2,046,357   
 
     (Loss) income from discontinued operations attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
       (67,560 )   
       20,857     
       14,413   
 
     Net income attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
       $ 649,351     
     $ 1,389,557     
     $ 2,060,770   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 180 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31, 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Net income including noncontrolling interests   
       $ 648,052     
     $ 1,389,441     
     $ 2,062,643   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:   
             
             
           
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustments   
       137,850     
       771,533     
       (357,249 ) 
 
     Unrealized net gain (loss) on available for sale securities   
             
             
           
 
     Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period   
       (735 )   
       3,025     
       (6,358 ) 
 
     Less: reclassification adjustment for gain included in income   
       -     
       -     
       (23,441 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:   
       137,115     
       774,558     
       (387,048 ) 
 
     Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss)   
       (33,182 )   
       (187,443 )   
       85,151   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:   
       103,933     
       587,115     
       (301,897 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests   
       751,985     
       1,976,556     
       1,760,746   
 
     Less: Comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling interests   
       (1,964 )   
       1,027     
       1,868   
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials   
       $ 753,949     
     $ 1,975,529     
     $ 1,758,878   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 181 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended December 31, 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities   
             
             
           
 
     Net income including noncontrolling interests   
       $ 648,052     
     $ 1,389,441     
     $ 2,062,643   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       315,687     
       334,588     
       388,438   
 
     Foreign exchange translation (gain) loss, net   
       (140,325 )   
       (116,072 )   
       (3,382 ) 
 
     Provision for severance benefits   
       27,212     
       26,924     
       18,385   
 
     Deferred income tax expense (benefit)   
       (29,817 )   
       16,332     
       (21,829 ) 
 
     Equity losses of affiliated companies   
       5,198     
       39,366     
       27,758   
 
     Impairment charges/write-off   
       127,196     
       35,173     
       10,954   
 
     Amortization of long-term supply contract payment   
       63,341     
       64,745     
       -   
 
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment   
       (13,797 )   
       (345 )   
       (1 ) 
 
     Other, net   
       1,799     
       (14,335 )   
       (991 ) 
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities   
             
             
           
 
     Accounts and notes receivable   
       137,300     
       57,017     
       (310,924 ) 
 
     Inventories   
       (29,603 )   
       6,651     
       (37,203 ) 
 
     Other current assets   
       82,458     
       (7,111 )   
       27,629   
 
     Payment on long-term supply contract   
       -     
       -     
       (300,000 ) 
 
     Accounts payable and other current liabilities   
       32,538     
       (25,156 )   
       (3,741 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       1,227,239     
       1,807,218     
       1,857,736   
 
     Cash flows from investing activities   
             
             
           
 
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment   
       (303,266 )   
       (407,451 )   
       (512,797 ) 
 
     Decrease (increase) in short-term financial instruments, net   
       607,475     
       21,611     
       (242,721 ) 
 
     Investment in affiliates   
       -     
       (7,000 )   
       -   
 
     Change in restricted cash, net   
       3,645     
       (11,974 )   
       (17,472 ) 
 
     Net proceeds from sale or disposal of assets   
       157,663     
       85,304     
       24,468   
 
     Other, net   
       (2,190 )   
       5,880     
       (1,681 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   
       463,327     
       (313,630 )   
       (750,203 ) 
 
     Cash flows from financing activities   
             
             
           
 
     Increase in short-term borrowings   
       32,059     
       -     
       -   
 
     Acquisition of subsidiary’s stock   
       -     
       -     
       (26,074 ) 
 
     Cash dividends to noncontrolling interests   
       (33 )   
       (65 )   
       (67 ) 
 
     Cash dividends to Samsung Corning Precision Materials shareholders   
       (940,556 )   
       (1,960,667 )   
       (1,116,619 ) 
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
       (908,530 )   
       (1,960,732 )   
       (1,116,686 ) 
 
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   
       133,985     
       379,536     
       (24,063 ) 
 
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
       916,021     
       (87,608 )   
       (33,216 ) 
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
             
             
           
 
     Beginning of year   
       1,635,434     
       1,723,042     
       1,756,258   
 
     End of year   
       $ 2,551,455     
     $ 1,635,434     
     $ 1,723,042   
 

   

 Certain amounts for prior periods were reclassified
to conform to the 2013 presentation. 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 182 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. 

   

 1.
 Organization and Nature of Operations 

   

 Samsung Corning Precision Materials Co.,
Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) are providers of
flat glass substrates which are used to manufacture TFT-LCD (Thin-Film Transistor Liquid Crystal Display) panels for notebook computers,
LCD monitors, LCD TVs and other handheld devices. The Company’s major customers are Korean LCD panel makers such as Samsung
Display Co., Ltd. (“Samsung Display”) and LG Display Co., Ltd. The Company’s current market is primarily
companies incorporated in Korea. 

   

 The Company was incorporated on April 20,
1995 under the laws of the Republic of Korea in accordance with a joint venture agreement between Corning Incorporated (“Corning”)
located in the U.S.A. and domestic companies in Korea. On December 31, 2007, the Company acquired all of outstanding shares of
Samsung Corning Co., Ltd. (“SSC”) which owned 70% interest in Samsung Corning (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (“SCM”),
60% interest in SSH Limited (“SSH”) and 51% interest in Global Technology Video Co., Ltd. (“GTV”).
These SSC investments were accounted for as consolidated subsidiaries. SCM purchased 30% shares owned by Samsung SDI Co., Ltd.
in SCM for $ 26,074 thousand and retired the treasury stock in September 2011. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013, the issued and outstanding
number of common shares of the Company is 17,617,462, of which are owned 50% by Corning Hungary Data Services Limited Liability
Company, 7.4% by Corning Luxembourg S.ar.l., which are subsidiaries of Corning and 42.6% by Samsung Display, a subsidiary of Samsung
Electronics Co., Ltd. 

   

 The Company has evaluated subsequent events
through February 8, 2014, the date the financial statements are available to be issued. 

   

 2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

   

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements
are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”).
Significant accounting policies followed by the Company in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
are summarized below. 

   

 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

   

 The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company, including its subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is held. All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Equity investments in which the Company exercises significant influence
but does not control are accounted for using the equity method. 

   

 Foreign Currency Translation 

   

 The Company operates primarily in Korean
Won, its local and functional currency. The Company has chosen the U.S. dollar as its reporting currency. In accordance with ASC
830,  Foreign Currency Matters , revenues and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates prevailing
during the period. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates on the balance sheet date. Equity accounts are translated
at historical rates and the resulting translation gain or loss are recorded directly as a separate component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders’ equity. Transaction gains or losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the income statement as incurred.
Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated at the exchange rates at the
balance sheet date and the related exchange gains or losses are recorded in the statement of comprehensive income. 

   

 Translation of Foreign Currency Financial
Statements of Subsidiaries 

   

 The consolidated financial position and results
of operations of SCM are measured using its functional currency of the U.S. dollar. All other subsidiaries use their local currency
as their functional currency. The financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated into Korean won, the Korean parent
company’s functional currency, using the current exchange rate method. Income and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars
at average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange
rates at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates and the resulting translation adjustments are
recorded directly in accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of shareholder’s equity. 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     183 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Revenue Recognition 

   

 The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, the products have been delivered and all risks of ownership have been transferred to the customers,
the sale price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Utilizing these criteria,
product revenue is recognized upon delivery of the product at customer’s location or upon customer acceptance, depending
on the terms of the arrangements. At the time revenue is recognized, allowances are recorded, with the related reduction to revenue,
for estimated product returns and price discounts based upon historical experience and the related terms of customer arrangements. 

   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and disclosures. The most significant estimates and assumptions relate to the useful life of
property, plant and equipment, estimates of fair value of available for sale securities, allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable,
contingent liabilities, inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets and allocated expenses, income taxes and deferred
tax valuation allowances. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge of current events and actions
that the Company may undertake in the future, actual results may be different from those estimates. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible into cash. The Company considers securities with contractual maturities of three months
or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. The carrying amount of these securities approximates fair value because of the
short-term maturity of these instruments. 

   

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
follows: 

   

 
 
     (In thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Non-cash transactions   
             
             
           
 
     Acquisition of capital assets included in accounts payable   
     $ 9,364     
     $ 42,463     
     $ 31,958   
 
     Cash paid for interest and income taxes   
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid for interest   
       -     
       -     
       57   
 
     Cash paid for income taxes, net of refund   
       303,094     
       440,157     
       405,278   
 

   

 Restricted Cash 

   

 Restricted cash mainly represents time deposits
with local Korean banks who support small-size companies. Deposits are kept with these banks as part of the Company’s corporate
responsibility program. The Company has included the restricted cash in the other non-current assets and short-term financial instruments
as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 Short-Term Financial Instruments 

   

 The Company’s short-term financial
instruments are time deposits with financial institutions. These time deposits have original maturities of twelve months or less,
and their carrying values approximate fair value. 

   

 Available-for-Sale Securities 

   

 The Company’s other non-current assets
include available-for-sale securities that are recorded at fair value. These securities are equity securities that have readily
determinable fair values. Unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred income taxes, are reported as a separate component of accumulated
other comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity until realized. 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     184 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Available-for sale securities reflected in
“other non-current assets” in the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $5,835 thousand
and $6,366 thousand, respectively. The cost, gross unrealized gains and fair value of the available-for-sale securities were as
follows: 

   

 
 
       2013   2012 
 
     (In thousands)   
     Cost     
     Gross unrealized gains     
     Fair value     
     Cost     
     Gross unrealized gains     
     Fair value 
 
     Equity securities   
     $ 103     
     $ 5,732     
     $ 5,835     
     $ 103     
     $ 6,263     
     $ 6,366 
 

   

 There were no realized gains during the year
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 Inventories 

   

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or market, with cost being determined by the average cost method, which approximates the first-in, first-out method. The cost of
inventories is determined based on the normal capacity of the production facility. In case the capacity utilization is lower than
a level that management believes to be normal, the fixed overhead costs per production unit which exceeds those under normal capacity,
are charged to cost of sales rather than capitalized as inventories. 

   

 Property and Depreciation 

   

 Property, plant and equipment, including
precious metals, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based
on the following estimated useful lives except for the depreciation of precious metals. 

   

 
 
     Buildings   
       15-40 years 
 
     Machinery and equipment (excluding precious metals)   
       1.5-8 years 
 
     Vehicle, tools, furniture and fixtures   
       2-8 years 
 

   

 Manufacturing equipment includes certain
components of production equipment that are constructed of precious metals. These assets are not depreciated because they have
very low physical losses and are repeatedly reclaimed and reused in the Company’s manufacturing process over a very long
useful life. The Company treats the physical loss of precious metals in the manufacturing and reclamation process as depletion
and accounts for these losses as a period expense based on reasonably estimated units lost. Precious metals are integral to many
of the Company’s glass production processes. Precious metals are only acquired to support the Company’s operations
and are not held for trading or other purposes. 

   

 Finite-lived Intangible Assets 

   

 Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized
on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. 

   

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

   

 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset or asset group against future undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated from the asset or asset group. The Company assesses the recoverability of the carrying value
of long-lived assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an
impairment loss is measured as the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value. 

   

 Accrued Severance Benefits 

   

 Employees and directors with one or more
years of service are entitled to severance benefits upon the termination of their employment based on their length of service and
rate of pay. As of December 31, 2013, approximately all employees of the Company were eligible for severance benefits. Accrued
severance benefits represent the amount which would be payable assuming eligible employees and directors were to terminate their
employment with the Company as of the balance sheet date. 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     185 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Changes in accrued severance benefits for
each period are as follows: 

   

 
 
     (In thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Balance at the beginning of the year   
     $ 77,907     
     $ 55,023     
     $ 41,909   
 
     Provision for severance benefits   
       24,705     
       24,749     
       16,380   
 
     Severance payments   
       (6,799 )   
       (7,931 )   
       (4,057 ) 
 
     Translation adjustments and other   
       1,849     
       6,066     
       791   
 
         
       97,662     
       77,907     
       55,023   
 
     Less: Cumulative contributions to the National Pension Fund   
       (45 )   
       (47 )   
       (53 ) 
 
     Severance plan assets   
       (100,800 )   
       (71,885 )   
       (43,099 ) 
 
     Balance at the end of the year   
     $ (3,183 ) (1)   
     $ 5,975     
     $ 11,871   
 

   
 
 
     (1) 
     The balance included in
    other current assets as of December 31, 2013. 
 
   
 During 2010, under new tax and labor laws,
the Company elected to fund the accrued severance benefits through severance plan assets for which Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance
Co., Ltd., has guaranteed a certain rate of return to the Company. The severance plan assets are classified as a reduction from
the accrued severance benefits. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the accrued severance benefits are approximately 101% and 94%
funded. 

   

 Also, in accordance with the National Pension
Act of the Republic of Korea, a portion of accrued severance benefits was deposited with the National Pension Fund and deducted
from the accrued severance benefits. The contributed amount is paid to employees from the National Pension Fund upon their separation
from the Company. 

   

 Research and Development Costs 

   

 Research and development expenditures, which
include costs in relation to new product, development, research, process improvement and product use technology, are expensed as
incurred and included in operating expenses. 

   

 Income Taxes and Investment Tax Credit 

   

 The Company recognizes deferred income
taxes for anticipated future tax consequences resulting from temporary differences between amounts reported for financial
reporting and income tax purposes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed on the temporary differences by
applying the enacted statutory tax rates applicable to the years when such differences are expected to reverse. Deferred
income tax assets are recognized when it is more likely than not that they will be realized. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The total income tax
provision includes the current income tax expense under the applicable tax regulation and the change in the balance of
deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year. 

   

 The Company is eligible to use investment
tax credits that are temporarily allowed for qualified plant and equipment expenditures. The investment tax credit is recognized
as a reduction of tax expense in the year in which the qualified plant and equipment expenditure is incurred. 

   

 In determining the Company’s provision
for income taxes, the Company uses annual effective income tax rates. The effective tax rate also reflects the Company’s
assessment of the ultimate outcome of tax audits. In evaluating the tax benefits associated with the Company’s various tax
filing positions, the Company assesses its income tax positions and records a tax benefit for uncertain tax positions using the
highest cumulative tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. Adjustments are made to the Company’s liability
for unrecognized tax benefits in the period in which the Company determines the issue is effectively settled with the tax authorities,
the statute of limitations expires for the return containing the tax position or when more information becomes available. The Company’s
policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax expense line item in the
consolidated statements of income. 

   

 Discrete events such as tax audit settlements
or changes in tax laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. Valuation allowances are established when management is
unable to conclude that it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will ultimately be realized. 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     186 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Equity Method Investments 

   

 The equity method of accounting is used for
investments in affiliated companies that are not controlled by the Company and in which the Company’s interest is generally
between 20% and 50% and the Company has significant influence over the entity. The Company’s share of earnings or losses
of affiliated companies, in which at least 20% of the voting securities is owned and the Company has significant influence but
not control over the entity, is included in consolidated operating results. 

   

 The Company uses the cost method to account
for the Company’s investments in companies that the Company does not control and for which the Company does not have the
ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies. In accordance with the cost method, these investments
are recorded at cost or fair value, as appropriate. 

   

 All material intercompany accounts, transactions
and profits are eliminated in consolidation. 

   

 The Company’s equity method investments
are reviewed for impairment on a periodic basis or if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying amount
may be impaired. This assessment is based on a review of the equity investments’ performance and a review of indicators of
impairment to determine if there is evidence of a loss in value of an equity investment. Factors the Company considers include: 

   

 
 
     • 
     Absence of the Company’s ability to recover the carrying amount;  
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Inability of the equity affiliate to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment; and 
 
       
       
 
     • 
     Significant litigation, bankruptcy or other events that could impact recoverability. 
 
       
       
 
 For an equity investment with impairment
indicators, the Company measures fair value on the basis of discounted cash flows or other appropriate valuation methods, depending
on the nature of the company involved. If it is probable that the Company will not recover the carrying amount of their investment,
the impairment is considered other-than-temporary and recorded in earnings, and the equity investment balance is reduced to its
fair value accordingly. The Company requires their equity method affiliates to provide audited financial statements. Consequently,
required assessments of asset recoverability are included in their results. The Company also includes these financial statements
in their recoverability assessment. 

   

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2013-11 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward,
a Similar Tax Loss or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. With certain exceptions, ASU 2013-11 requires entities to present an unrecognized
tax benefit, or portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward,
a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2013 on either a prospective or retrospective basis with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of
this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 In March 2013, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2013-05 Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent’s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment
upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity.
ASU 2013-05 clarifies when to release the cumulative translation adjustment into net income for transactions involving the disposition
of some or all of an investment or a business combination achieved in stages (step acquisitions). The amendments are effective
prospectively for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2013. The Company does not expect adoption of this
guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 In February 2013, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2013-04 Liabilities (Topic 405): Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for Which
the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date. ASU 2013-04 requires an entity to measure such obligations as
the sum of the amount that the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement with co-obligors and any additional
amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2013. Retrospective presentation for all comparative period presented is required with early adoption
permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations
and financial condition. 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     187 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2013-02, Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, on February 5, 2013. The standard
is effective for public entities for annual periods, and interim periods within those periods, beginning after December 15, 2012.
Non-public companies will adopt the standard one year later, but would be exempt from certain interim disclosure requirements. 

   

 The standard is intended to improve the reporting
of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income of various components. Among other things, an entity is required
to present either parenthetically on the face of the financial statements or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified from
each component of accumulated other comprehensive income and the income statement line items affected by the reclassification.
However, an entity would not need to show the income statement line item affected for certain components that are not required
to be reclassified in their entirety to net income, such as amounts amortized into net periodic pension cost. The adoption of ASU
No. 2013-02 does not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position or results of operations. 

   

 3.  Discontinued
Operation 

   

 As specified in the Framework Agreement by
and among Samsung Display, Corning, solely for the purposes of Sections 1.5, 6.1 and 11 thereof, Corning Hungary Data Services
Limited Liability Company, Corning Holding Japan, G.K., and Corning Luxembourg S.ar.l., dated October 22, 2013 (“Framework
Agreement”) to which SCP and Samsung Corning Advanced Glass LLC. (“SCG”) became parties pursuant to the SCP Joinder
Agreement and the SCG Joinder Agreement, respectively. 

   

 In connection with the Framework Agreement,
on December 6, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to sell the Target Business, which is a core material that ensures
conductivity and transparency by coating a flat panel display, to SCG. The Business Transfer Agreement was signed on January 17,
2014, stipulates that the sale occur on February 1, 2014. The net proceeds are expected to be $158,341 thousand. 

   

 In connection with the Framework Agreement,
on December 6, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to sell all facilities within the Company’s Gumi plant
but excluding any assets comprising the Target Business. Accordingly, the Real Property Sale and Purchase Agreement was entered
with SCG on January 23, 2014, stipulates that the sale occur on February 1, 2014. The net proceeds are expected to be $83,998 thousand. 

   

 In connection with the Framework Agreement,
the Company shall dispose precious metals and the disposal are expected to occur on February 17, 2014 under the management plan.
The net proceeds expected to be calculated based on the market price at the date of transactions. 

   

 In connection with the Framework Agreement,
SCP shall shut down its existing photovoltaic glass business (“PV Business”) within one year following the agreement
date and, no later than one year after the general completion of such shut-down of the PV Business, operated by SCM. Accordingly,
the Company plans to market the remaining assets of PV Business and complete the disposition of PV Business to comply with the
Framework Agreement. An impairment charge of $62,722 thousand was recognized by fully written down of the net book value
of long-lived assets in the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 As a result, the operating results of Target
Business and PV Business to be sold are reported as discontinued operations in all periods presented. Amounts previously reported
have been reclassified to conform to this presentation in accordance with ASC 205,  Presentation of Financial Statements ,
to allow for meaningful comparison of continuing operations. The Company’s historical financial results, except for disclosures
related to cash flows, have been restated to account for Target Business and PV Business as discontinued operations. The assets
and liabilities of Target Business, PV Business, precious metals and Gumi facilities to be sold are classified as held for sale
and have been aggregated and reported on separate lines of the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. 
   

 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     188 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following table discloses the results
of operations reported as discontinued operations for years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Discontinued Operations:   
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 162,366     
     $ 174,197     
     $ 232,375   
 
     Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations   
       (67,021 )   
       30,478     
       23,731   
 
     Income taxes on discontinued operations   
       (539 )   
       (9,621 )   
       (9,318 ) 
 
     Net (loss) income from discontinued operations   
     $ (67,560 )   
     $ 20,857     
     $ 14,413   
 

   

 The following table reflects the summary
of assets and liabilities held for sale as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, for Target Business and PV Business reported as discontinued
operations and precious metals and Gumi facilities to be disposed within one year from December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Accounts and notes receivable, net   
     $ 29,337     
     $ 25,949   
 
     Inventories, net   
       102,593     
       76,701   
 
     Property, plant and equipment, net   
       158,862     
       208,273   
 
     Other assets   
       1,825     
       2,365   
 
     Assets of discontinued operations   
     $ 292,617     
     $ 313,288   
 
     Liabilities   
             
           
 
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses   
     $ 9,538     
     $ 8,414   
 
     Short-term borrowings (1)   
       32,059     
       -   
 
     Other liabilities   
       9,498     
       5,814   
 
     Liabilities of discontinued operations   
     $ 51,095     
     $ 14,228   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     As
    of December 31, 2013, SCM’s term loan debt was $32,059 thousand, and variable interest rate is contracted. As of December
    31, 2013, the weighted average rate was 2.08%.  Due to the decision to shut down PV business, the term loan is immediately
    due and payable. 
 
   

 4.
 Inventories 

   

 Inventories consist of the following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Finished goods   
     $ 14,808     
     $ 13,879   
 
     Semi-finished goods   
       4,685     
       6,783   
 
     Raw materials   
       17,823     
       21,511   
 
     Work-in-process   
       768     
       1,046   
 
     Auxiliary materials   
       54,683     
       49,105   
 
         
     $ 92,767     
     $ 92,324   
 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 189 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 5.
 Other Current Assets 

   

 Other current assets consist of the following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012 
 
     Prepaid expenses   
     $ 79,659     
     $ 79,926 
 
     Prepaid value added tax   
       -     
       10,907 
 
     Accrued income receivable   
       4,165     
       17,434 
 
     Restricted cash   
       24,703     
       28,145 
 
     Other current assets   
       764     
       159 
 
         
     $ 109,291     
     $ 136,571 
 

   

 6.
 Equity Method Investments 

   

 Equity method investments comprise the following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     Ownership interest (1)     
     2013     
     2012 
 
     Affiliated companies accounted for under the equity method   
             
             
         
 
     Corsam Technologies LLC   
       50 %   
     $ 2,352     
     $ 6,689 
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     This
    reflects the Company’s direct ownership interests in the affiliated company. The Company does not have control of the
    entity. 
 
   

 During September 2009, the Company entered
into an operating agreement with Corning. Pursuant to the operating agreement, the parties established Corsam Technologies LLC
(“Corsam”), a new equity affiliate established to provide glass technology research for future product applications.
The Company contributed $124,000 thousand in cash and Corning contributed intellectual property with a corresponding value. In
2012, the Company and Corning each contributed an additional $7,000 thousand. The Company and Corning each own 50% of the common
stock of Corsam and Corning has agreed to provide research and development services to Corsam. The Company does not control Corsam
as Corning maintains participating voting rights. In addition, Corsam has sufficient equity to finance its activities, the voting
rights of investors in Corsam are considered substantive, and the risks and rewards of Corsam’s research are shared only
by those investors noted. As a result, the Company accounts for its investment in Corsam under the equity method of accounting
for investments. 

   

 The Company’s share of Corsam net losses
of $5,198 thousand, $39,366 thousand and $ 27,758 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively,
has been recognized in equity losses of affiliated companies. 

   

 On December 31, 2013 and 2012, because of
slow down of the photovoltaic industry, Corsam recorded $7,697 thousand and $49,719 thousand, respectively, of impairment loss
related to its intellectual property which was initially contributed by Corning. The Company recorded its 50% share of such impairment
charge totaling $3,848 thousand and $24,860 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 190 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 7.
 Property, Plant and Equipment 

   

 Property, plant and equipment comprise the
following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Building   
     $ 1,744,579     
     $ 1,765,014   
 
     Machinery and equipment   
       2,623,229     
       2,705,678   
 
     Vehicle, tools, furniture and fixtures   
       219,722     
       246,189   
 
         
       4,587,530     
       4,716,881   
 
     Less: accumulated depreciation   
       (1,964,996 )   
       (1,859,087 ) 
 
         
       2,622,534     
       2,857,794   
 
     Land   
       258,031     
       254,788   
 
     Construction-in-progress   
       455,851     
       531,451   
 
         
     $ 3,336,416     
     $ 3,644,033   
 

   

 Manufacturing equipment includes certain
components of production equipment that are constructed with precious metals. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the recorded amount
of precious metals totaled $939,692 thousand and $942,187 thousand, respectively. Depletion expense for precious metals in the
year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 totaled $11,049 thousand and $18,862 thousand, respectively. 

   

 8.
 Other Non-current Assets 

   

 Other non-current assets consist of the following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012 
       
 
     Deposits   
     $ 30,844     
     $ 28,424 
       
 
     Available-for-sale marketable securities   
       5,835     
       6,366 
       
 
     Payment on long-term contract   
       132,435     
       195,645 
       
 
     Other non-current assets   
       13,934     
       13,269 
       
 
         
     $ 183,048     
     $ 243,704 
       
 

   

 9.
 Impairment Charges 

   

 In response to economic challenges and strategic
alternatives, certain assets used for the production of glasses were committed to be abandoned before the end of their previously
estimated useful lives based on management’s decision to reduce the manufacturing capacity. As a result, a group of unusable
assets was fully written off in 2012, and another group in 2013. Before their respective write-offs, the group of assets written
off in 2012 had a net book value of $27,294 thousand, while the group of assets written off in 2013 had a net book value of $20,945
thousand. These amounts are included as part of cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income. 

   

 In December 2013, the Company discontinued
development of Willow coater technology, a technology for touch panel. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company
recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $11,569 thousand for related long-lived assets associated with the development of Willow
coating technology. These amounts are included as part of cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income. 

   

 The Company agreed with SCG to execute demolition
and clean-up activities of a LCD processing building and certain office premises in Gumi plant. Accordingly, the Company recorded
impairment charges totaling $31,960 thousand to fully write-down the subject assets of demolition and clean-up in 2013. These
amounts are included as part of cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income.  

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 191 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 On December 2, 2011, the Company decided
to exit from the CRT glass business operated in SCM, and the manufacturing of the CRT glass was ceased in December 2011 in response
to anticipated lower sales in 2012. An impairment charge was needed for asset dismantling and restoration costs and costs for special
termination benefits. Total cash payments with this plan were expected to be approximately $14,461 thousand with the majority of
spending made in 2012. Accordingly, the Company recorded restructuring costs totaling $14,461 thousand in accordance with ASC 420,
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, in the year ended December 31, 2011. These amounts are included as part of selling and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 

   

 10.
 Transactions with Related Parties 

   

 A summary of related party transactions and
related receivable and payable balances as of December 31 is as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     2013 (1) 
 
         
     Sales (4)     
     Purchases (5)     
     Services Expensed     
     Receivables     
     Payables   
 
     (in thousands)   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Samsung affiliates   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Samsung Display   
     $ 1,597,601     
     $ -     
     $ 2,475     
     $ 241,901     
     $ 281   
 
     Samsung C&T Corporation   
       1,170     
       79,460     
       239     
       266     
       11,859   
 
     Samsung Engineering   
       208     
       5,882     
       6,126     
       -     
       6,968   
 
     Samsung SDS   
       3,233     
       10,631     
       35,040     
       -     
       14,129   
 
     SCG   
       100,197     
       -     
       2,910     
       38,010     
       1,187   
 
     Others   
       160,627     
       20,658     
       39,423     
       10,742     
       6,337   
 
         
       1,863,036     
       116,631     
       86,213     
       290,919     
       40,761   
 
     Corning   
       161,131     
       36,912     
       62,318     
       1,717     
       11,313   
 
         
     $ 2,024,167     
     $ 153,543     
     $ 148,531     
     $ 292,636     
     $ 52,074   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     As
    of and for the year ended December 31, 2013, related parties sales of $83,525 thousand, purchases of $19 thousand and services
    expenses of $1,653 thousand and related receivables of $14,791 thousand and payables of $1,567 thousand for discontinued operations
    are included in the above table. 
 

   
 
 
         
     2012 (2) 
 
         
     Sales (4)     
     Purchases (5)     
     Services Expensed     
     Receivables     
     Payables   
 
     (in thousands)   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Samsung affiliates   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Samsung Display   
     $ 2,231,298     
     $ 29,919     
     $ 2,312     
     $ 349,236     
     $ 521   
 
     Samsung C&T Corporation   
       22     
       50,334     
       286     
       1     
       25,845   
 
     Samsung Engineering   
       156     
       36,370     
       147     
       7,201     
       640   
 
     Samsung SDS   
       60     
       71,945     
       35,828     
       -     
       27,829   
 
     SCG   
       69,779     
       -     
       1,211     
       -     
       -   
 
     Others   
       17,968     
       21,557     
       53,296     
       7,412     
       17,417   
 
         
       2,319,283     
       210,125     
       93,080     
       363,850     
       72,252   
 
     Corning   
       126,041     
       79,691     
       89,535     
       31,836     
       6,386   
 
         
     $ 2,445,324     
     $ 289,816     
     $ 182,615     
     $ 395,686     
     $ 78,638   
 

   

 
 
     (2) 
     As
    of and for the year ended December 31, 2012, related parties sales of $98,271 thousand, purchases of $195 thousand and services
    expenses of $1,029 thousand and related receivables of $12,692 thousand and payables of $89 thousand for discontinued operations
    are included in the above table. 
 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 192 
 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 
 
         
     2011 (3) 
 
         
     Sales (4)     
     Purchases (5)     
     Services Expensed     
     Receivables     
     Payables   
 
     (in
    thousands)   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Samsung affiliates   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Samsung Electronics   
     $ 2,580,173     
     $ -     
     $ 8,677     
     $ 317,693     
     $ 5,480   
 
     Samsung C&T Corporation   
       27     
       66,165     
       496     
       2     
       13,790   
 
     Samsung Engineering   
       1,034     
       41,619     
       1,279     
       53     
       6,881   
 
     Samsung SDS   
       15     
       13,923     
       19,844     
       6     
       8,928   
 
     Others   
       62,234     
       23,937     
       98,208     
       5,091     
       28,638   
 
         
       2,643,483     
       145,644     
       128,504     
       322,845     
       63,717   
 
     Corning   
       108,916     
       102,037     
       226,441     
       1,039     
       5,478   
 
         
     $ 2,752,399     
     $ 247,681     
     $ 354,945     
     $ 323,884     
     $ 69,195   
 

   

 
 
     (3) 
     As
    of and for the year ended December 31, 2011, related parties sales of $84,379 thousand, purchases of $8,885 thousand and
    services expenses of $1,327 thousand and related receivables of $18,165 thousand and payables of $96 thousand for discontinued
    operations are included in the above table. 
 
       
       
 
     (4) 
     Transfers
    of machinery and equipment to related parties including SCG, Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDS and Samsung Fine Chemicals are
    included. 
 
       
       
 
     (5) 
     Purchases
    of property, plant and equipment are included. 
 
   

 In the normal course of business, the Company
sells its products to Samsung Display and Corning, purchases semi-finished goods from Corning and purchases property, plant and
equipment from Samsung affiliates and Corning. The Company also obtains services from Samsung affiliated companies. In addition,
the Company paid a 3% royalty on net sales amounts of certain products to Corning. The royalty rate has been lowered from 6% to
3% under the revised royalty agreement effective from December 1, 2011. 

   

 Samsung Display was established on April
1, 2012 through a spin-off of Samsung Electronics’ LCD division. As a result, the Company’s shareholder has been changed
to Samsung Display and the existing contractual relationship with Samsung Electronics was fully succeeded to Samsung Display. As
of and for the year ended December 31, 2012, Samsung Display represents the sum of transactions and balances with Samsung Electronics
and Samsung Display. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company
deposited the severance plan assets to Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. of $100,800 thousand and $71,885 thousand,
respectively. 

   

 Effective in January 2012, the Company signed
a five-year renewal of its long term LCD supply contract with Samsung Electronics. 

   

 In April 2012, Corning and Samsung Display
formed SCG, a new affiliate of the Company established to manufacture organic light emitting diode glasses. The Company entered
into a Shared Service Agreement and a Leasing Agreement with SCG and charges relevant fees on a cost basis with a reasonable mark-up
to SCG. In addition, the Company sold certain inventories, machinery and equipment to SCG amounting to $49,795 thousand and
$52,900 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 In December 2013, the Company and Samsung
Electronics signed a sales and purchase agreement over Suwon R&D center at the amount of $138,076 thousand. The transaction
completed on December 13, 2013. There was no gains or losses incurred as a result of the transaction. 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 193 
 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     


 11.
 Fair Value Measurements 

   

 Fair value accounting standards define fair
value, establish a framework for measuring fair value in applying generally accepted accounting principles, and require disclosures
about fair value measurements. The accounting standards also identify two kinds of inputs that are used to determine the fair value
of assets and liabilities: observable and unobservable. Observable inputs are based on market data or independent sources while
unobservable inputs are based on the Company’s market assumptions. Once inputs have been characterized, the inputs are prioritized
into one of three broad levels used to measure fair value as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liabilities, including
interest rates, yield curves and credit risks, or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
data through correlation. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company’s assumptions used to measure assets
and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset or liability’s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

   

 Fair value standards apply whenever an entity
is measuring fair value under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurement and require the use
of observable market data when available. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have any financial assets or liabilities
that were measured using unobservable (or Level 3) inputs. 

   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company’s
financial assets consisted of available-for-sale securities. These financial assets are measured at fair value and are classified
within the Level 1 valuation hierarchy. 

   

 The Company’s available for sale investments
include equity investments with a fair value of $5,835 thousand and $6,366 thousand at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively
that are traded in active market. They are measured at fair value using closing stock prices from active markets. 

   

 Certain financial instruments that are not
carried at fair value on the balance sheets are carried at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and
generally negligible credit risk. These instruments include cash and cash equivalents, short-term financial instruments, severance
plan assets, accounts and notes receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and short-term borrowing. 

   

 12.
 Income Taxes 

   

 The Company’s income tax expenses are
composed of domestic and foreign income taxes depending on the relevant tax jurisdiction. 

   

 Income tax expense consists of the following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Current   
             
             
           
 
     Domestic (Republic of Korea)   
     $ 253,319     
     $ 285,320     
     $ 499,059   
 
     Foreign   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Total current   
       253,319     
       285,320     
       499,059   
 
     Deferred   
             
             
           
 
     Domestic (Republic of Korea)   
       (29,817 )   
       16,332     
       (21,829 ) 
 
     Foreign   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Total deferred   
       (29,817 )   
       16,332     
       (21,829 ) 
 
     Income taxes on continuing operations   
     $ 223,502     
     $ 301,652     
     $ 477,230   
 

   

 

 
 CORNING   INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 194 
 

 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 The following table reconciles the expected
amount of income tax expense based on consolidated statutory rates to the actual amount of taxes recorded by the Company: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands) 
       
     2013 
       
     2012 
       
     2011 
 
     Expected taxes at statutory rate 
       
      $ 
     227,265  
       
       
     $ 
     404,197  
       
       
     $ 
     611,161  
       
 
     Tax exemption for foreign investment 
       
       
     -  
       
       
       
     (107,599 
     ) 
       
       
     (167,302 
     ) 
 
     Tax rate changes 
       
       
     -  
       
       
       
     -  
       
       
       
     29,633  
       
 
     Tax credits, net of surtax effect 
       
       
     -  
       
       
       
     (1,032 
     ) 
       
       
     (13,737 
     ) 
 
     Others, net 
       
       
     (3,763 
     ) 
       
       
     6,086  
       
       
       
     17,475  
       
 
     Income taxes on continuing operations 
       
     $ 
     223,502  
       
       
     $ 
     301,652  
       
       
     $ 
     477,230  
       
 
     Effective tax rate 
       
       
     23.80 
     % 
       
       
     18.06  
     % 
       
       
     18.44  
     % 
 
   

 The statutory income tax rate of the Company,
including tax surcharges, is approximately 24.2%, but the effective income tax rate on continuing operation is 23.8%, 18.06% and
18.44% for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, primarily due to tax exemption benefits for a foreign invested company under the
Korean Tax Preference Control Law (“TPCL”). In accordance with the TPCL and the approval of the Korean government,
the Company was fully exempt from the corporate income taxes on the taxable income arising from the sales of manufactured goods
in proportion to the percentage of qualified foreign shareholder’s equity until 2003 and 50% exemption for the subsequent
two years. In 2006, the Company issued additional shares to extend the tax exemption period. As a result, the Company was fully
exempt from corporate income taxes until 2010, and thereafter was subject to a 50% tax exemption for a period of 2 years to 2012. 

   

 In November 2010, the NTS commenced a review
of the Company’s 2008 tax year and a review of the SSC 2006 tax year. In April 2011, the tax review by the NTS was closed
without claiming additional taxes for adjustment. 

   

 The corporate income tax rates including
resident tax surcharge is a) 11% on the taxable income of up to 0.2 billion won, b) 22% over taxable income exceeding 0.2 billion
won up to 20 billion won, and c) 24.2% for the taxable income exceeding 20 billion won. The Company recognized its deferred income
tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2013 based on the enacted future tax rates. 

   

 The primary components of the temporary
differences that gave rise to the Company’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands) 
       
     2013 
       
     2012  
 
     Deferred income tax assets 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Property, plant and equipment 
       
     $ 
     11,466  
       
       
     $ 
     69  
       
 
     Accrued bonus payables 
       
       
     2,557  
       
       
       
     3,625  
       
 
     Other current liabilities  
       
       
     398  
       
       
       
     794  
       
 
     Equity method investments 
       
       
     50,887  
       
       
       
     37,618  
       
 
     Other 
       
       
     3,289  
       
       
       
     1,067  
       
 
     Total tax deferred income tax assets 
       
       
     68,597  
       
       
       
     43,173  
       
 
     Deferred income tax liabilities 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Property, plant and equipment, intangible 
       
       
     (270,576 
     ) 
       
       
     (265,746 
     ) 
 
     Reserve for technology development 
       
       
     (6,898 
     )  
       
       
     (13,622 
     ) 
 
     Available-for-sale securities 
       
       
     (1,385 
     ) 
       
       
     (1,513 
     ) 
 
     Other 
       
       
     1,686  
       
       
       
     (7,434 
     ) 
 
     Total tax deferred income tax liabilities 
       
       
     (277,173 
     ) 
       
       
     (288,315 
     ) 
 
     Net deferred income tax liabilities 
       
     $ 
     (208,576 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (245,142 
     ) 
 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     195 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 

 A valuation allowance on deferred income
tax assets is recognized when it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. Realization
of the future tax benefit related to the deferred income tax assets is dependent on many factors, including the Company’s
ability to generate taxable income within the period during which the temporary differences reverse, the outlook for the economic
environment in which the Company operates, and the overall future industry outlook. 

   

 The Company applies the provisions of ASC
740,  Income taxes . The Company believes that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits of a tax position,
that the Company is entitled to economic benefits resulting from positions taken in its income tax returns. 

   

 The Company files income tax return in Korea
and various other jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Years open to examination by tax authorities in Korea are
2009 and subsequent tax years. 

   

 13.
 Shareholders’ Equity 


   

 The components of and changes in shareholders’
equity are as follows: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands) 
       
     2013 
       
       
     2012 
       
       
     2011 
       
 
     Preferred Stock 
       
     $ 
     350  
       
       
     $ 
     350  
       
       
     $ 
     350  
       
 
     Common Stock 
       
       
     176,700  
       
       
       
     176,700  
       
       
       
     176,700  
       
 
     Additional Paid-in Capital 
       
       
     312,114  
       
       
       
     312,114  
       
       
       
     312,114  
       
 
     Retained Earnings: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Balance at the beginning of year 
       
       
     6,040,493  
       
       
       
     6,611,603  
       
       
       
     5,538,151  
       
 
     Net income attributable to Samsung Corning Precision Materials 
       
       
     649,351  
       
       
       
     1,389,557  
       
       
       
     2,060,770  
       
 
     Dividends paid to preferred shareholders 
       
       
     (1,103 
     ) 
       
       
     (3,288 
     ) 
       
       
     (2,786 
     ) 
 
     Dividends paid to common shareholders 
       
       
     (939,453 
     ) 
       
       
     (1,957,379 
     ) 
       
       
     (984,532 
     ) 
 
     Balance at end of year 
       
       
     5,749,288  
       
       
       
     6,040,493  
       
       
       
     6,611,603  
       
 
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss): 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Balance at the beginning of year 
       
       
     185,480  
       
       
       
     (400,492 
     ) 
       
       
     (98,600 
     ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment 
       
       
     105,155  
       
       
       
     583,679  
       
       
       
     (278,649  
     ) 
 
     Unrealized net gain on available for sale securities 
       
       
     (557 
     ) 
       
       
     2,293  
       
       
       
     (23,243 
     ) 
 
     Balance at end of year 
       
       
     290,078  
       
       
       
     185,480  
       
       
       
     (400,492 
     ) 
 
     Total Samsung Corning Precision Materials shareholders’ equity 
       
       
     6,528,530  
       
       
       
     6,715,137  
       
       
       
     6,700,275  
       
 
     Noncontrolling interests: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Balance at the beginning of year 
       
       
     12,177  
       
       
       
     11,214  
       
       
       
     35,487  
       
 
     Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
       
       
     (1,299 
     ) 
       
       
     (116 
     ) 
       
       
     1,873  
       
 
     Cash dividend to noncontrolling interests 
       
       
     (33 
     ) 
       
       
     (64 
     ) 
       
       
     (67 
     ) 
 
     Acquisition of subsidiary’s stock 
       
       
     -  
       
       
       
     -  
       
       
       
     (26,074 
     ) 
 
     OCI attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment 
       
       
     (665 
     ) 
       
       
     1,143  
       
       
       
     (5 
     ) 
 
     Balance at end of year 
       
       
     10,180  
       
       
       
     12,177  
       
       
       
     11,214  
       
 
     Total equity 
       
     $ 
     6,538,710  
       
       
     $ 
     6,727,314  
       
       
     $ 
     6,711,489  
       
 
   

 Preferred Stock 

   

 There were 41,107 shares of non-voting preferred
stock with a par value of $8.51 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. Each share is entitled to non-cumulative
dividends at the rate of 5% on par value. In addition, if the dividend ratio of common stock exceeds that of preferred stock,
the additional dividend on preferred stock may be declared by a resolution of the general shareholders’ meeting. 
   
 
 
     CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 
     196 
 
 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Retained Earnings 

   

 Retained earnings as of December 31, 2013
and 2012 comprised of the following: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands) 
         
     2013     
     2012 
 
     Appropriated 
         
             
         
 
     Legal reserve 
         
     $ 82,339     
     $ 82,339 
 
     Reserve for business development 
         
       30,800     
       30,800 
 
     Reserve for research and manpower development 
         
       51,733     
       77,600 
 
     Voluntary reserve 
         
       4,157     
       4,157 
 
       
         
       169,029     
       194,896 
 
     Unappropriated 
         
       5,580,259     
       5,845,597 
 
       
         
     $ 5,749,288     
     $ 6,040,493 
 

   

 Legal Reserve 

   

 The Commercial Code of the Republic of Korea
requires the Company to appropriate a portion of the retained earnings as a legal reserve equal to a minimum of 10% of its cash
dividends until such reserve equals 50% of its capital stock. The reserve is not available for dividends, but may be transferred
to capital stock or used to reduce accumulated deficit, if any, through resolution by the Company’s shareholders. 

   

 Reserve for Business Development 

   

 Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law
of Korea, the Company is allowed to appropriate a portion of the retained earnings as a reserve for business development. This
reserve is not available for dividends, but may be transferred to capital stock or used to reduce accumulated deficit, if any,
through resolution by the Company’s shareholders. 

   

 Reserve for Research and Manpower Development 

   

 Pursuant to the former Korean Tax Exemption
and Reduction Control Law and the Korean Tax Preference Control Law, the Company appropriates a portion of the retained earnings
as a reserve for research and manpower development. This reserve is not available for dividends until it is used for the specified
purpose or reversed. 

   

 Voluntary Reserve 

   

 The Company appropriates a certain portion
of retained earnings pursuant to shareholder resolution as a voluntary reserve. This reserve may be reversed and transferred to
unappropriated retained earnings by the resolution of shareholders and may be distributed as dividends after reversal. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 197 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 14.
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

   

 A summary of changes in the components of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), after tax, is as follows: 

   

 
 
     (in thousands)   
     Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available- for-sale securities     
     Foreign currency translation adjustment     
     Total   
 
     Balances at December 31, 2010   
     $ 25,089     
     $ (123,689 )   
     $ (98,600 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       198     
       (278,649 )   
       (278,451 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income   
       (23,441 )   
       -     
       (23,441 ) 
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       (23,243 )   
       (278,649 )   
       (301,892 ) 
 
     Balances at December 31, 2011   
     $ 1,846     
     $ (402,338 )   
     $ (400,492 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       2,293     
       583,679     
       585,972   
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       2,293     
       583,679     
       585,972   
 
     Balances at December 31, 2012   
     $ 4,139     
     $ 181,341     
     $ 185,480   
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       (557 )   
       105,155     
       104,598   
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       (557 )   
       105,155     
       104,598   
 
     Balances at December 31, 2013   
     $ 3,582     
     $ 286,496     
     $ 290,078   
 

   

 A summary of reclassification out of accumulated
other comprehensive income by component is as follows: 

   

 
 
       
         
     2013     
     2012     
     2011     
     Affected line item in the consolidated statements of income 
 
     Realized gains on available for sale securities 
         
     $ -     
     $ -     
     $ 30,924     
     Other income, net 
 
       
         
       -     
       -     
       (7,483 )   
     Tax expense 
 
       
         
     $ -     
     $ -     
     $ 23,441     
     Net of tax 
 

   

 15.
 Commitments and Contingencies 

   

 Credit Facilities 

   

 The Company has an unused credit facility
totaling $161,568 thousand and $148,209 thousand at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, under this facility as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 Business and Credit Risk Concentration 

   

 The Company sells its products on a credit
basis to its customers including certain related parties. Management estimates the collectability of accounts receivable based
on the financial condition of the customers and prevailing economic trends. Based on management’s estimates, the Company
established allowances for doubtful accounts receivable which management believes are adequate. Concentrations of credit risk with
respect to accounts receivable are limited to the credit worthiness of the Company’s customers. Major customers of the Company
are domestic TFT-LCD makers incorporated in Korea. Trade accounts receivables from these three major customers are 96% and 93%
of total trade accounts receivable of the Company as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and revenues from these three
major customers constitute 92%, 91% and 93% of total revenues of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 198 
 


 
       
     Back to Contents 
     

 Pending Litigation 

   

 Based on the agreement entered on August
24, 1999 with respect to Samsung Motor Inc.’s (“SMI”) bankruptcy proceedings, Samsung Motor Inc.’s creditors
(“the Creditors”) filed a civil action against Mr. Kun Hee Lee, former chairman of the Company, and 28 Samsung Group
affiliates including the Company under joint and several liability for failing to comply with such agreement. Under the suit, the
Creditors have sought 2,450 billion won (approximately $1.95 billion) for loss of principal on loans extended to SMI, a separate
amount for breach of the agreement, and an amount for default interest. Samsung Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“SLI”) completed
its Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) on May 7, 2010. After disposing 2,277,787 shares and paying the principal balance
owed to the Creditors, 878 billion won (approximately $ 0.80 billion) was deposited in to an escrow account. That remaining balance
was to be used to pay the Creditors interest due to the delay in the SLI IPO. On January 11, 2011, the Seoul High Court ordered
Samsung Group affiliates to pay 600 billion won (approximately $ 0.53 billion) to the Creditors and pay 5% annual interest for
the period between May 8, 2010 and January 11, 2011, and pay 20% annual interest for the period after January 11, 2011 until the
amounts owed to the Creditors are paid. In accordance with the Seoul High Court order, 620.4 billion won (which includes penalties
and interest owed) was paid to the Creditors from the funds held in escrow during January 2011. On February 7, 2011, the Samsung
Group affiliates and the Creditors appealed the Seoul High Court’s ruling to the Korean Supreme Court and the appeal is currently
in progress. The Company has not contributed to any payment related to these disputes, and has concluded that no provision for
loss related to this matter should be reflected in the Company’s consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2013. 

   

 16.
 Subsequent Event 

   

 On October 22, 2013, Corning announced that
it has signed a series of strategic and financial agreements with Samsung Display, to strengthening the product and technology
collaborations between the two companies. On January 15, 2014, the deal transactions closed and resulted in: 

   

 
 
     • 
     On January 15, 2014, the Company entered into a 15 year $1,902,359 thousand borrowing from Corning Luxembourg S.ar.l. and the interest rate is 8.0% per annum. 
 
     • 
     On January 15, 2014, the Company repurchased shares of $1,902,359 thousand from Samsung Display. As a result, Corning obtained full ownership of the Company, formerly an unconsolidated equity venture with Samsung Display. 
 
     • 
     Amendment to the agreement on a long-term LCD display glass pricing was signed between Corning and Samsung Display on January 15, 2014. The amendment is effective for ten years, accordingly, the term of the TFT-LCD glass substrate long-term supply agreement, effective as of January 1, 2012 will also be extended from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2023. 
 
     • 
     On January 17, 2014, the Company has entered into the Business Transfer Agreement with SCG to transfer the Target business at Gumi. On February 1, 2014, the transaction closed. The expected proceeds from this transaction are $158,341 thousand and the expected pre-tax gains are $16,786 thousand. 
 
     • 
     On January 21, 2014, the Company has entered into the Interest Transfer Agreement of Corsam with SCG to transfer investment in equity of Corsam. The transaction closed on February 1, 2014. No gain and loss expected. 
 
     • 
     On January 23, 2014, the Company has entered into the Real Property Sale and Purchase Agreement with SCG to transfer the Gumi facilities. On February 1, 2014, the transaction closed. The expected proceeds from this transaction are $83,998 thousand and the expected pre-tax gains are $16,530 thousand. 
 
   

 
 CORNING INCORPORATED -   2013 Form 10-K 199 
 

 
       
     

 
 
 
 
