
 10-K
 1
 d782178d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM  10-K       
     (Mark One)  
 
 
 ☒ 
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019  
 or      
 
 
 ☐ 
   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   For the transition period from
                      to  
 Commission file number  001-14063   
       
     


 
    JABIL INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 

 

 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 38-1886260 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
   10560 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Street North, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716  
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  
 (727) 577-9749   
 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 

 

 
 

 
 


 
 Title of each class 
   
 Trading Symbol(s) 
   
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
   
 JBL 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated  filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 ☒ 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated  filer 
   
 ☐ 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
    
   Emerging growth company 
   
 ☐ 
   If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the
Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒    The aggregate market value of the voting
common stock held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant based on the closing sale price of the Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on February 28, 2019 was approximately
$4.2 billion. For purposes of this determination, shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10% or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be
affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant’s Common Stock as of the close of business on October 14, 2019, was
152,656,443. The registrant does not have any  non-voting  stock outstanding.    DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    The registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be
held on January 23, 2020 is incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form  10-K  to the extent stated herein.      
       
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 2019 FORM  10-K  ANNUAL REPORT  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
   Part I. 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
    
 Business 
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Item 1A. 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 10 
   
 
   Item 1B. 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 23 
   
 
   Item 2. 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 24 
   
 
   Item 3. 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 24 
   
 
   Item 4. 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 24 
   
 
   Part II. 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 25 
   
 
   Item 6. 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 27 
   
 
   Item 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 28 
   
 
   Item 7A. 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 47 
   
 
   Item 8. 
    
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 47 
   
 
   Item 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 48 
   
 
   Item 9A. 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 48 
   
 
   Item 9B. 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 49 
   
 
   Part III. 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Item 11. 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Item 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Item 14. 
    
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Part IV. 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 51 
   
 
   Item 16. 
    
 Form  10-K  Summary 
    
   
 99 
   
 
   Signatures 
    
   
 100 
   
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  References in this report to “the Company,” “Jabil,” “we,”
“our,” or “us” mean Jabil Inc. together with its subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires. This Annual Report on  Form 10-K  contains certain statements that are, or may
be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”). These forward-looking statements (such as when we describe what “will,” “may,” or “should” occur, what we “plan,” “intend,” “estimate,” “believe,” “expect”
or “anticipate” will occur, and other similar statements) include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future sales and operating results, potential risks pertaining to these future sales and operating results, future prospects,
anticipated benefits of proposed (or future) acquisitions, dispositions and new facilities, growth, the capabilities and capacities of business operations, any financial or other guidance, expected capital expenditures and dividends, expected
restructuring charges and related savings and all statements that are not based on historical fact, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future results and events. We make certain assumptions when making forward-looking statements,
any of which could prove inaccurate, including assumptions about our future operating results and business plans. Therefore, we can give no assurance that the results implied by these forward-looking statements will be realized. Furthermore, the
inclusion of forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that future events, plans or expectations contemplated by the Company will be achieved. The following important factors, among
others, could affect future results and events, causing those results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuation in our operating results;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our dependence on a limited number of customers;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to manage growth effectively;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   competitive factors affecting our customers’ businesses and ours;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the susceptibility of our production levels to the variability of customer requirements; 
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for critical components;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exposure to financially troubled customers and suppliers;   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our exposure to the risks of a substantial international operation; and   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to achieve the expected profitability from our acquisitions.   
 For a further list and description of various risks, factors and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, see the “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections contained in this
document, and any subsequent reports on Form  10-Q  and Form  8-K,  and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Given these
risks and uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.    All forward-looking
statements included in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K,  and we do not undertake any obligation
to publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur, or of which we hereafter become aware. You should read this document completely and with the understanding that our actual
future results or events may be materially different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.  
      1  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART I  
 Item 1. Business    The
Company    We are one of the leading providers of worldwide manufacturing services and solutions. We provide comprehensive electronics
design, production and product management services to companies in various industries and end markets. Our services enable our customers to reduce manufacturing costs, improve supply-chain management, reduce inventory obsolescence, lower
transportation costs and reduce product fulfillment time. Our manufacturing and supply chain management services and solutions include innovation, design, planning, fabrication and assembly, delivery and managing the flow of resources and products.
   We serve our customers primarily through dedicated business units that combine highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing with
advanced electronic design and design for manufacturability. We depend, and expect to continue to depend, upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue, which in turn depends upon their growth, viability
and financial stability. Based on net revenue, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, our largest customers include Amazon.com, Inc., Apple, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., GoPro, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, Ingenico Group, Keysight
Technologies, LM Ericsson Telephone Company, NetApp, Inc. and Nokia Networks. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, we had net revenues of $25.3 billion and net income attributable to Jabil Inc. of $287.1 million.  
 We conduct our operations in facilities that are located worldwide, including but not limited to, China, Hungary, Malaysia, Mexico, Singapore
and the United States. Our global manufacturing production sites allow customers to manufacture products simultaneously in the optimal locations for their products. Our global presence is key to assessing and executing on our business opportunities.
   We have two reporting segments: Electronics Manufacturing Services (“EMS”) and Diversified Manufacturing Services
(“DMS”), which are organized based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing capabilities, market strategy, margins, return on capital and risk profiles. Our EMS segment is focused around leveraging IT,
supply chain design and engineering, technologies largely centered on core electronics, utilizing our large-scale manufacturing infrastructure and our ability to serve a broad range of end markets. Our EMS segment is a high-volume business that
produces products at a quicker rate (i.e. cycle time) and in larger quantities and includes customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, capital equipment, cloud, computing and storage, defense and aerospace, industrial and energy,
networking and telecommunications, print and retail, and smart home and appliances industries. Our DMS segment is focused on providing engineering solutions, with an emphasis on material sciences, technologies and healthcare. Our DMS segment
includes customers primarily in the edge devices and accessories, healthcare, mobility and packaging industries.    Additional financial
information regarding our reportable operating segments is included in Item 7 of this report and Note 12 – “Concentration of Risk and Segment Data” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Industry Background    The industry in
which we operate has historically been composed of companies that provide a range of design and manufacturing services to companies that utilize electronics components in their products.  
 We monitor the current economic environment and its potential impact on both the customers we serve as well as our end markets and closely
manage our costs and capital resources so that we can respond appropriately as circumstances change. Over the long term we believe the factors driving our customers and potential customers to use our industry’s services include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Efficient Manufacturing.  Manufacturing service providers are often able to manufacture products at
a reduced total cost to companies. These cost advantages result from higher utilization of capacity and efficiencies of scale because of diversified product demand and, generally, a greater focus on the components of manufacturing cost. Companies
are increasingly seeking to reduce their investment in inventory, facilities and equipment used in manufacturing and prioritizing capital investments in other activities such as sales and marketing and research and development (“R&D”).
This strategic shift in capital deployment has contributed to increased demand for and interest in outsourcing to external manufacturing service providers.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accelerated Product
 Time-to-Market  and  Time-to-Volume.  Manufacturing service providers are often able
to deliver accelerated production  start-ups  and achieve high efficiencies in bringing new products to production. Providers are also able to more rapidly scale production for changing markets and to position
themselves in global locations that serve the leading world markets. With increasingly shorter product life cycles, these key services allow new products to be sold in the marketplace in an accelerated time frame.  
      2  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Access to Advanced Design and Manufacturing Technologies.  By utilizing manufacturing service
providers, customers gain access to additional advanced technologies in manufacturing processes, as well as to product and production design, which can offer customers significant improvements in the performance, quality, cost,  time-to-market  and manufacturability of their products.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Improved Inventory Management and Purchasing Power.  Manufacturing service providers are often able
to more efficiently manage both procurement and inventory, and have demonstrated proficiency in purchasing components at improved pricing due to the scale of their operations and continuous interaction with the materials marketplace.
   Our Strategy    Our
vision for the future is to become the world’s most technologically advanced manufacturing services and solutions provider. As we work to achieve our vision, we continue to pursue the following strategies:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Establish and Maintain Long-Term Customer Relationships.  An important element of our strategy is to
establish and maintain long-term relationships with leading companies in expanding industries with size and growth characteristics that can benefit from highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing on a global scale. We focus on maintaining
long-term relationships with our customers and seek to expand these relationships to include additional product lines and services. In addition, we focus on identifying and developing relationships with new customers that meet our targeted profile,
which includes financial stability, the need for technology-driven turnkey manufacturing, anticipated unit volume and long-term relationship stability.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Product Diversification.  We focus on balancing our portfolio of products and product families to
those that align with higher return areas of our business, including manufacturing, supply chain management services, comprehensive electronics design, production and product management services. We have made concentrated efforts to diversify our
industry sectors and customer base. Because of these efforts, we have experienced business growth from both existing and new customers as well as from acquisitions.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Utilize Customer-Centric Business Units.  Most of our business units are dedicated to serve one
customer each and operate by primarily utilizing dedicated production equipment, production workers, supervisors, buyers, planners and engineers to provide comprehensive manufacturing solutions that are customized to each customer’s needs. We
believe our customer-centric business units promote increased responsiveness to our customers’ needs, particularly for customer relationships that extend across multiple production locations.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Leverage Global Production.  We believe that global production is a key strategy to reduce
obsolescence risk and secure the lowest possible landed costs while simultaneously supplying products of equivalent or comparable quality throughout the world. Consistent with this strategy, we have established or acquired operations in Europe,
Asia, Latin America and Africa.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Offer Systems Assembly, Direct-Order Fulfillment and  Configure-to-Order  Services.  Our systems assembly, direct-order fulfillment and  configure-to-order  services allow our
customers to reduce product cost and risk of product obsolescence by reducing total  work-in-process  and finished goods inventory. These services are available at all of
our manufacturing locations.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Offer Design Services.  We offer a wide spectrum of
 value-add  design services to achieve improvements in performance, cost,  time-to-market  and manufacturability.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Pursue Acquisition Opportunities Selectively.  Traditionally, electronics manufacturing service
companies have acquired manufacturing capacity from their customers to drive growth, expand their footprint and gain new customers. In recent years, our acquisition strategy has expanded to include opportunities to acquire competitors who are
focused on our key growth areas, which include specialized manufacturing in key markets, materials technology and design operations, as well as other acquisition opportunities complementary to our services offerings. The primary goals of our
acquisition strategy are to complement our current capabilities, diversify our business into new industry sectors and with new customers and expand the scope of the services we can offer to our customers.  
      3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our Approach to Manufacturing  
 To achieve high levels of manufacturing performance, we have adopted the following approaches:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Decentralized Business Unit Model.  Most of our business units are dedicated to serve one customer
each and are empowered to formulate strategies tailored to individual customer’s needs. Our business units generally have dedicated production lines consisting of equipment, production workers, supervisors, buyers, planners and engineers. Under
certain circumstances, a production line may serve more than one business unit to maximize resource utilization. Business units have direct responsibility for manufacturing results and
 time-to-volume  production, thereby promoting a sense of individual commitment and ownership. The business unit approach is modular and enables us to grow incrementally
without disrupting the operations of other business units. Business unit management reviews the customer financial information to assess whether the business units are meeting their designated responsibilities and to ensure that the daily execution
of manufacturing activities is being effectively managed. The business units aggregate into operating segments based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing capabilities, market share strategy, margins, return on
capital and risk profiles.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Automated Continuous Flow.  We use a highly automated, continuous flow approach to manufacturing,
whereby different pieces of equipment are joined directly or by conveyor to create an  in-line  assembly process. This process contrasts with a batch approach, whereby individual pieces of assembly equipment are
operated as freestanding work-centers. The elimination of waiting time prior to sequential operations results in faster manufacturing, which improves production efficiencies and quality control, and reduces inventory
 work-in-process.  We believe continuous flow manufacturing provides cost reductions and quality improvement when applied to high volumes of product.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Computerized Control and Monitoring.  We support all aspects of our manufacturing activities with
advanced computerized control and monitoring systems. Component inspection and vendor quality are monitored electronically in real-time. Materials planning, purchasing, stockroom and shop floor control systems are supported through a computerized
manufacturing resource planning system, which provides customers with the ability to continuously monitor material availability and track  work-in-process  on a real-time
basis. In addition, manufacturing processes are supported by a computerized statistical process control system, whereby customers can remotely access our computer systems to monitor real-time yields, inventory positions,  work-in-process  status and vendor quality data.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Electronic Supply Chain Management.  We make available to our customers and suppliers an electronic
commerce system/electronic data interchange and  web-based  tools to implement a variety of supply chain management programs. Our customers use these tools to share demand and product forecasts and deliver
purchase orders, and we use these tools with our suppliers for  just-in-time  delivery, supplier-managed inventory and consigned supplier-managed inventory.
 
      4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our Design Services  
 We offer a wide spectrum of  value-add  design services to enhance our relationships with current
customers and to help develop relationships with our new customers. Our teams are strategically staffed to support Jabil customers for all development projects, including turnkey system design and design for manufacturing activities. These design
services include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Electronic Design.  Our Electronic Design team provides electronic circuit design services,
including application-specific integrated circuit design, firmware development and rapid prototyping services. These services have been used by our customers for a variety of products including smart phones and accessory products, notebook and
personal computers, servers, radio frequency products, video  set-top  boxes, optical communications products, communication and broadband products, and automotive and consumer appliance controls.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Industrial Design.  Our Industrial Design team designs the “look and feel” of the plastic
and metal enclosures that house the products’ electro-mechanics, including the printed circuit board assemblies (“PCBA”).      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Mechanical Design.  Our Mechanical Design team specializes in three-dimensional mechanical design
with the analysis of electronic, electro-mechanical and optical assemblies using state of the art modeling and analytical tools. This team has extended Jabil’s product design offering capabilities to include all aspects of industrial design,
advance mechanism development and tooling management.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Computer-Assisted Design.  Our Computer-Assisted Design (“CAD”) team provides PCBA design
services using advanced CAD engineering tools, PCBA design validation and verification services, and other consulting services, which include generating a bill of materials, approved vendor list and assembly equipment configuration for a particular
PCBA design. We believe that our CAD services result in PCBA designs that are optimized for manufacturability and cost efficiencies and accelerate a product’s
 time-to-market  and  time-to-volume  production.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Product Validation.  Our Product Validation team provides complete product and process validation.
This includes product system tests, product safety, regulatory compliance and reliability tests.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Manufacturing Test Solution Development.  Our Manufacturing Test Solution Development team provides
integral support to the design teams to embed design with testability and to promote efficient capital and resource investment in the manufacturing process. The use of software driven instrumentation and test process design and management has
enhanced our product quality and reduced our operating costs relative to human dependent test processes. The full electronic test  data-log  of customer products has allowed customer product test traceability
and visibility throughout the manufacturing test process.    Fabrication and Assembly  
 We offer systems assembly, test, direct-order fulfillment and
 configure-to-order  services to our customers. Our systems assembly services extend our range of assembly activities to include assembly of higher-level  sub-systems  and systems incorporating multiple PCBAs. In addition, based on quality assurance programs developed with our customers, we provide testing services for our PCBAs,
 sub-systems  and systems products. Our quality assurance programs include circuit testing under various environmental conditions to ensure that our products meet or exceed required customer specifications. We
also offer direct-order fulfillment and  configure-to-order  services for delivery of final products.  
 Technology and Research and Development  
 We believe that our manufacturing and testing technologies are among the most advanced in our industry. To meet our customers’
increasingly sophisticated needs, we continuously engage in R&D activities designed to create new and improved products and manufacturing solutions for our customers. Through our R&D efforts, we intend to continue to offer our customers
highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing process technologies for precise and aesthetic mechanical components and system assembly. These technologies and R&D activities include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Automation, including automated tooling  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Electronic interconnection  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Advanced polymer and metal material science  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Single/multi-shot injection molding, stamping and  in-mold  labeling
 
      5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Multi-axis computer numerical control  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Vacuum metallization      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Physical vapor deposition  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Digital printing      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Anodization      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Thermal-plastic composite formation  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Plastic with embedded electronics  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Metal and plastic covers with insert-molded or dies-casting features for assembly  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Display cover with integrated touch sensor  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Material processing research (including plastics, metal, glass and ceramic)  
 We engage in R&D activities for many products including mobile internet devices and associated accessories, multi-media tablets,  two-way  radios, health care and life science products, server and storage products,  set-top  and digital home products and printing products.  
 Customers and Marketing    A key tenet of
our strategy is to establish and maintain long-term relationships with leading companies in expanding industries with the size and growth characteristics that can benefit from highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing on a global scale. A
small number of customers and significant industry sectors have historically comprised a major portion of our net revenue. We also market our services and solutions through our website and our Blue Sky Innovation Centers.  
 In fiscal year 2019, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 42% of our net revenue and 85 customers accounted for
approximately 90% of our net revenue. The table below sets forth the respective portion of net revenue attributable to the customers that accounted for approximately 10% or more of our net revenue during the periods indicated:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Apple, Inc. 
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   Competition  
 Our business is highly competitive. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturing service providers, diversified
manufacturing service providers and design providers. We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the
advantages of outsourcing.    We compete with different companies depending on the type of service we are providing or the geographic area
in which an activity takes place. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the manufacturing services market are: cost; accelerated production
 time-to-market;  higher efficiencies; global locations; rapid scale production; advanced technologies; quality; improved pricing of components. We believe we are
extremely competitive with regard to all of these factors.    Backlog  
 Our order backlog as of August 31, 2019 and 2018 was valued at approximately $6.2 billion and $6.8 billion, respectively. Our
order backlog is expected to be filled within the current fiscal year. Although our backlog consists of firm purchase orders, the level of backlog at any particular time may not be necessarily indicative of future sales. Given the nature of our
relationships with our customers, and the fact that we generally do not enter into long-term purchase commitments with our customers, we frequently allow our customers to cancel or reschedule deliveries, and therefore, backlog is often not a
meaningful indicator of future financial results.    Components Procurement  
 We procure components from a broad group of suppliers, determined on an
 assembly-by-assembly  basis. Some of the products we manufacture contain one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are
allocated from time to time in response to supply shortages. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component.  
      6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Proprietary Rights  
 We regard certain aspects of our design, production and product management services as proprietary intellectual property. To protect our trade
secrets, manufacturing  know-how  and other proprietary rights, we rely largely upon a combination of intellectual property laws,  non-disclosure  agreements with our
customers, employees, and suppliers and our internal security systems, policies and procedures. We currently have a relatively modest number of patents for various innovations. We believe that our research and design activities, along with
developments relating thereto, may result in growth of our patent portfolio and its importance to us, particularly as we expand our business activities. Other factors significant to our proprietary rights include the knowledge and
experience of our management and personnel and our ability to develop, enhance and market manufacturing services.    We license some
technology and intellectual property rights from third parties that we use in providing some of our design, production and product management services to our customers. Generally, the license agreements that govern such third-party technology and
intellectual property rights grant us the right to use the subject technology anywhere in the world and terminate upon a material breach by us.  
 Employees    As of August 31, 2019, we
employed approximately 200,000 people worldwide. None of our U.S. domestic employees are represented by a labor union. In certain international locations, our employees are represented by labor unions and by works councils. We have never experienced
a significant work stoppage or strike and we believe that our employee relations are good.    Environmental  
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety, product stewardship and producer
responsibility laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process, those governing worker health and safety, those requiring design changes, supply
chain investigation or conformity assessments or those relating to the recycling or reuse of products we manufacture.    Information about our Executive
Officers    Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Except as otherwise
noted below, each executive officer is a full-time employee of Jabil. There are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of our executive officers and any other
persons pursuant to which any of such executive officers were selected. Below is a list of our executive officers:    Steven D. Borges 
(age 51) was named Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare in September 2016. Mr. Borges joined Jabil in 1993 and has global experience in positions of increasing responsibility in Operations, Business Development,
Manufacturing Operations and Supply Chain Management. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration and Management from Fitchburg State University.  
 Sergio A. Cadavid  (age 63) was named Senior Vice President, Treasurer in September 2013. Mr. Cadavid joined Jabil in 2006 as
Treasurer. Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Cadavid was Corporate Assistant Treasurer for Owens-Illinois, Inc. in Toledo, Ohio. He has also held various positions with The Quaker Oats Company, Arthur Andersen & Co. and J.M. Family
Enterprises, Inc. He holds an M.B.A. from the University of Florida and a B.B.A. from Florida International University.    Brenda
Chamulak  (age 48) was named Senior Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Jabil Packaging Solutions in July 2018. Prior to joining Jabil, Ms. Chamulak was Vice President and General Manager of Personal
Care & Home Care, a business unit of Aptar Inc., a global supplier of dispensing and sealing solutions based in Crystal Lake, Illinois. Ms. Chamuluk served as the President, Global Market Development for Aptar’s Beauty +
Home, Personal Care Business Unit from 2016 to 2017 and served as the General Manager, Aptar Midland from 2013 to 2016. She joined Aptar in 1992 and held positions of increasing responsibility with Aptar. Ms. Chamulak has a B.A. in
Marketing and International Business from Carthage College and an MBA from Marquette University.    Michael Dastoor  (age 54) was named
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective September 2018. Mr. Dastoor joined Jabil in 2000 as Regional Controller – Asia Pacific and was named Controller in June 2004 and Senior Vice President, Controller in July 2010.
Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Dastoor was a Regional Financial Controller for Inchcape PLC. He holds a degree in Finance and Accounting from the University of Bombay. Mr. Dastoor is a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales.  
      7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Bruce A. Johnson  (age 63) was named Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources
Officer in January 2017. Mr. Johnson joined Jabil in 2015 as Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Johnson was Chief Organizational Effectiveness Officer/Executive Vice President, Human Resources for C&S
Wholesale Grocers, Inc., a wholesale distributor of food and grocery items with headquarters in Keene, New Hampshire from 2007 to 2014. Mr. Johnson also served in senior roles at The Timberland Company, a footwear and apparel designer, retailer
and manufacturer in New Hampshire, and E.I. Du Pont De Nemours and Company (Du Pont) in Delaware. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in History from Middlebury College in Vermont.  
 Robert L. Katz  (age 57) joined Jabil in March 2016 and was named Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in
September 2016. Mr. Katz transitioned the Corporate Secretary role to a member of his staff in April 2017. In April 2019 he was named Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer. Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Katz served as Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary of SharkNinja, a vacuum and kitchen appliance manufacturer. He was previously Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Ingersoll Rand plc, a diversified industrial manufacturer, from 2010 to 2015.
Mr. Katz served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer of Federal-Mogul Corporation from 2007 to 2010. From 1999 to 2007 he was General Counsel—EMEA for Delphi Corporation in Paris,
France. He began his career with Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy working in the Mergers and Acquisitions and General Corporate Group in New York and London. He earned a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) and a Bachelor of Civil Law (B.C.L.) from
McGill University. He is a member of the New York Bar.    Michael J. Loparco  (age 48) was named Executive Vice President, Chief
Executive Officer, Engineered Solutions Group in January 2016. Previously, Mr. Loparco served as Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Industrial and Energy, Senior Vice President, Global Business Units in Jabil’s High
Velocity business and held a variety of global management positions. Before joining Jabil in 1999, Mr. Loparco was an attorney at Holland & Knight, LLP, practicing corporate and commercial litigation. He holds a Juris Doctorate
from Stetson University College of Law. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in International Business, with minor degrees in Spanish and Business Management, from Eckerd College.  
 Mark Mondello  (age 55) has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since March 2013. Mr. Mondello
joined Jabil in 1992 as a manufacturing supervisor. Mr. Mondello was promoted to Project Manager in 1993, named Vice President, Business Development in 1997, Senior Vice President, Business Development in 1999 and served as Chief Operating
Officer from 2002 to 2013. Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Mondello was a commercial and defense-related aerospace project manager for Moog, Inc. He holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of South Florida.  
 Alessandro Parimbelli  (age 51) was named Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Enterprise and Infrastructure in July 2013.
Mr. Parimbelli joined Jabil in 1998 as a Test Engineering Manager. At Jabil, Mr. Parimbelli served in business management positions in Boise, Idaho and Paris, France before being promoted to Vice President, Global Business Units in 2006.
From 2010 through 2012, Mr. Parimbelli was Senior Vice President, Global Business Units and was responsible for Jabil’s Enterprise and Infrastructure business. Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Parimbelli held various engineering positions
within Hewlett-Packard and other software engineering companies. He holds an MBA from Colorado State University and a Software Engineering degree from Politecnico of Milan, Italy.  
 Courtney J. Ryan  (age 49) was named Executive Vice President, Corporate Development/Chief of Staff in July 2016. Mr. Ryan joined
Jabil in 1993 as a Quality Engineer and worked his way through various operations and business development management positions. He was named Senior Vice President, Global Business Units in 2007. Mr. Ryan served as Executive Vice President,
Chief Executive Officer, Nypro from July 2013 to June 2016. Mr. Ryan holds an MBA with a concentration in Decision and Information Science and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, both from the University of Florida. He also serves on the
University of Florida’s MBA and Supply Chain Advisory Board.    Daryn Smith  (age 49) was named Senior Vice President,
Enterprise & Commercial Controller effective September 2018. Mr. Smith served as Chief Financial Officer of EMS from June 2013 through June 2018. Mr. Smith joined Jabil in 2002 and he has held various leadership roles in Risk and
Assurance, Financial Planning and Analysis, and Controllership for Jabil. Prior to joining Jabil, Mr. Smith was with the Assurance and Advisory Services practice for Arthur Andersen. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the
University of South Florida and an MBA from the University of Florida.    Kenneth S. Wilson  (age 54) was named Executive Vice
President and CEO of Jabil Green Point in 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Wilson was Senior Vice President of the Telecommunications Infrastructure Sector within Jabil’s Enterprise & Infrastructure group. He first joined Jabil in 2000 as
a business unit manager; and has held various leadership roles, including VP of Global Business Units, running businesses such as consumer electronics and telecommunications. Prior to Jabil, he spent 8 years at Motorola, where he served as
Operations Director in their Handset Division. Mr. Wilson has a Bachelor’s degree in Manufacturing Engineering and a MBA from Edinburgh Business School.  
      8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Additional Information  
 Our principal executive offices are located at 10560 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Street North, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, and our
telephone number is  (727) 577-9749.  We were incorporated in Delaware in 1992. Our website is located at http://www.jabil.com. Through a link on the “Investors” section of our website, we make
available our Annual Report on Form  10-K,  our Quarterly Reports on Form  10-Q,  our Current Reports on Form  8-K  and any amendments
to those reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC (http://www.sec.gov). The “Investors” section of our website contains a significant amount of information about our Company, including financial and other information for investors.
The information that we post on the “Investors” section of our website could be deemed to be material information. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in Jabil to visit our website. Information on our website,
however, is not a part of this report.  
      9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  
 Our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.  
 Our annual and quarterly operating results are affected by a number of factors, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse changes in current macro-economic conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how well we execute on our strategy and operating plans, and the impact of changes in our business model;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the volume and timing of orders placed by our customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the level of capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities and associated fixed costs;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the composition of the costs of revenue among materials, labor and manufacturing overhead;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   price competition;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in demand for our products or services, as well as the volatility of these changes;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in demand in our customers’ end markets, as well as the volatility of these changes;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our exposure to financially-troubled customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   any potential future termination, or substantial winding down, of significant customer relationships;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our level of experience in manufacturing particular products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the degree of automation used in our assembly process;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the efficiencies achieved in managing inventories and property, plant and equipment;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   significant costs incurred in acquisitions and other transactions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in the cost and availability of materials;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse changes in political conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally, including among other things,
adverse changes in tax laws and rates (and government interpretations thereof), adverse changes in trade policies and adverse changes in fiscal and monetary policies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   seasonality in customers’ product demand;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing of expenditures in anticipation of increased sales, customer product delivery requirements and
shortages of components or labor;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in stock-based compensation expense due to changes in the expected vesting of performance-based equity
awards comprising a portion of such stock-based compensation expense; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   failure to comply with foreign laws, which could result in increased costs and/or taxes.  
 Any one or a combination of these factors could adversely affect our annual and quarterly results of operations in the future. See
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Results of Operations.”    If we do not
manage our growth effectively, our profitability could decline.    Our business at times experiences periods of rapid growth which can
place considerable demands upon our management team and our operational, financial and management information systems. Our ability to manage growth effectively requires us to continue to implement and improve these systems; avoid cost overruns;
maintain customer, supplier and other favorable business relationships during transition periods; efficiently and effectively dedicate resources to existing customers as well as new projects; acquire or construct additional facilities; occasionally
transfer operations to different facilities; acquire equipment in anticipation of demand; continue to develop the management skills of our managers and supervisors; adapt relatively quickly to new markets or technologies and continue to hire, train,
motivate and manage our employees. Our failure to effectively manage growth, as well as our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the actions we take to try to manage our growth, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”  
      10  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Because we depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales to any one of those customers
could cause a significant decline in our revenue.    We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend for the foreseeable future,
upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue and upon their growth, viability and financial stability. See “Business – The Company.” In some instances, particular manufacturing services
we provide for a customer represent a significant portion of the overall revenue we receive from that customer. As a result of this concentration, a reduction in business from one or more of our largest customers could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations. In addition, if one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or otherwise become unable to pay us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely
affected.    Consolidation among our customers exposes us to increased risks, including reduced revenue and dependence on a smaller number
of customers. Increasing consolidation in industries that utilize our services may occur as companies combine to achieve further economies of scale and other synergies, which could result in an increase in excess manufacturing capacity as companies
seek to divest manufacturing operations or eliminate duplicative product lines. Excess manufacturing capacity may increase pricing and competitive pressures for our industry as a whole and for us in particular. In addition, if one of our customers
is acquired by another company that does not rely on us to provide services and has its own production facilities or relies on another provider of similar services, we may lose that customer’s business. Such consolidation among our customers
may further reduce the number of customers that generate a significant percentage of our net revenue and expose us to increased risks relating to dependence on a small number of customers.  
 Our customers face numerous competitive challenges, which may materially adversely affect their business and ours.  
 Factors adversely affecting our customers may also adversely affect us. These factors include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   recessionary periods in our customers’ markets;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the inability of our customers to adapt to rapidly changing technology and evolving industry standards, which may
contribute to short product life cycles or shifts in our customers’ strategies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the inability of our customers to develop, market or gain commercial acceptance of their products, some of which
are new and untested;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the potential that our customers’ products become commoditized or obsolete;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   loss of business or a reduction in pricing power experienced by our customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the emergence of new business models or more popular products and shifting patterns of demand; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a highly-competitive consumer products industry, which is often subject to shorter product lifecycles, shifting  end-user  preferences and higher revenue volatility.    If our customers are unsuccessful
in addressing these competitive challenges, their businesses may be materially adversely affected, reducing the demand for our services, decreasing our revenues or altering our production cycles and inventory management, each of which could
adversely affect our ability to cover fixed costs and our gross profit margins and results of operations.    Most of our customers do not commit to
long-term production schedules, and they may cancel their orders, change production quantities, delay production or change their sourcing strategy, which makes it difficult for us to schedule production and manage capital expenditures and to
maximize the efficiency of our manufacturing capacity.    Most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules for more than
one quarter. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules and locations, component procurement commitments, personnel needs and other resource requirements, based on
our estimate of customer requirements. Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. In the past, we have been required to
increase staffing and other expenses in order to meet the anticipated demand. On occasion, customers may require rapid increases in production for one or more of their products or request that we relocate our manufacturing operations or transfer
manufacturing from one facility to another, which can stress our resources and reduce operating margins.    Customers have canceled their
orders, changed production quantities or designs, delayed production, changed their sourcing strategy and terminated their relationships with us. We cannot assure you that present or future customers will not terminate their service arrangements
with us or significantly change, reduce, cancel or delay the amount of services ordered. Such changes, delays and cancellations have led to, and may lead in the future to a decline in our production and our possession of excess or obsolete inventory
that we may not be able to sell to customers or third parties. This may result in write downs of  
      11  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
inventories, reduction in the number of products that we sell, delays in payment for inventory that we purchased, and reductions in the use of our manufacturing facilities. As many of our costs
and operating expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand, particularly a reduction in demand for a product that represents a significant amount of revenue, can harm our gross profit margins and results of operations.  
 In addition, we sometimes experience difficulty forecasting the timing of our receipt of payment from customers. The necessary process to
begin manufacturing can be lengthy. Because we make capital expenditures during this  ramping-up  process and do not receive payment until after we produce and ship the customer’s products, any delays or
unanticipated costs in the  ramping-up  process may have a significant adverse effect on our cash flows and our results of operations. Servicing our largest customers may also require us to increase our capital
expenditures.    Customer relationships with emerging companies may present more risks than with established companies.  
 Customer relationships with emerging companies present special risks because we do not have an extensive product or customer relationship
history. There is less demonstration of market acceptance of their products making it harder for us to anticipate requirements than with established customers. Our credit risk on these customers, especially in trade accounts receivable and
inventories, and the risk that these customers will be unable to fulfill indemnification obligations to us are potentially increased. We sometimes offer these customers extended payment terms, loans and other support and financial accommodations
which may increase our financial exposure.    Exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers may adversely affect our financial results.
   We provide manufacturing services to companies and industries that have in the past, and may in the future, experience financial
difficulty. If our customers experience financial difficulty, we could have difficulty recovering amounts owed to us from these customers, or demand for our products from these customers could decline. Additionally, if our suppliers experience
financial difficulty, we could have difficulty sourcing supplies necessary to fulfill production requirements. If one or more of our customers were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay for the services provided by us on a timely
basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Such adverse effects could include one or more of the following: an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, a charge for inventory writeoffs, a
reduction in revenue, and an increase in our working capital requirements due to higher inventory levels and increases in days our accounts receivable are outstanding. In addition, because we securitize certain of our accounts receivable, our
securitization programs could be negatively affected by customer financial difficulty affecting the recovery of a significant amount of receivables.  
 The success of our business is dependent on our ability to keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in our industry, and our ability
to effectively adapt our services as our customers react to technological changes and competitive conditions in their respective industries.  
 If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost effective, quick response manufacturing services that are differentiated from our
competition and adapt those services as our customers’ requirements change, demand for our services will decline.    Introducing new business models
or programs requiring implementation of new competencies, such as new process technologies and our development of new products or services for customers, could affect our operations and financial results.  
 The introduction of new business models or programs requiring implementation or development of new competencies, such as new process technology
within our operations and our independent development of new products or services for customers, presents challenges in addition to opportunities. The success of new business models or programs depends on a number of factors including, but not
limited to, a sufficient understanding of the new business or markets, timely and successful product development (by us and/or our customer), market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production  ramp-up,  the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, our development or acquisition of appropriate intellectual property, the availability of
supplies in adequate quantities and at appropriate costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, we cannot determine in advance the ultimate
result of new business models or programs.    As a result, we must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual
property and commit significant resources before knowing whether our assumptions will accurately reflect customer demand for our services or for our customer’s products. After the development of a new business model or program, we must be able
to manufacture appropriate volumes quickly and at low cost. To accomplish this, we endeavor to accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations that meet customer requirements; however, we may not succeed at doing so.  
      12  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We compete with numerous other diversified manufacturing service providers, electronic manufacturing
services and design providers and others.    Our business is highly competitive and our manufacturing processes are generally not subject
to significant proprietary protection. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturers, manufacturing service providers and design providers. The significant purchasing power and market power of these large companies could
increase pricing and competitive pressures for us. Most of our competitors have international operations and significant financial resources and some have substantially greater manufacturing, research and development (R&D) and marketing
resources. These competitors may:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have technological expertise, engineering capabilities and/or manufacturing resources that are greater than ours;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have greater name recognition, critical mass and geographic market presence;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their services and execution of their
strategy;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   be better positioned to compete on price for their services;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have excess capacity, and be better able to utilize such excess capacity;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have greater direct buying power from component suppliers, distributors and raw material suppliers;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have lower cost structures as a result of their geographic location or the services they provide;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   be willing or able to make sales or provide services at lower margins than we do;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have increased vertical capabilities providing them greater cost savings.  
 We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits
of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. In the past, some of our customers moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity.  
 The actions of competitors and current and potential customers could cause a decline in our sales and/or compression of our profits.  
 Our business could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased costs, resulting from common carrier or transportation issues.  
 We rely on a variety of common carriers to transport our materials from our suppliers and to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these
common carriers, including natural disaster, labor problems, increased energy prices, or criminal activity, could result in shipping delays for products or materials, increased costs or other supply chain disruptions, and could therefore have a
negative impact on our ability to receive products from suppliers and deliver products to customers, resulting in a material adverse effect on our operations.  
 We may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing expertise.  
 Many of the markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving process
development. The continued success of our business will depend upon our ability to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   hire, retain and expand our pool of qualified engineering and technical personnel;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   maintain and continually improve our technological expertise;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   anticipate and respond to technological changes in manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis.
 
      13  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Although we use the assembly and testing technologies, equipment and processes that are
currently required by our customers, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or develop the capabilities required by our customers in the future. The emergence of new technology, industry standards or customer requirements may render
our equipment, inventory or processes obsolete or noncompetitive. The acquisition and implementation of new technologies and equipment and the offering of new or additional services to our customers may require significant expense or capital
investment, which could reduce our operating margins and our operating results. In facilities that we newly establish or acquire, we may not be able to insert or maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise. Our
failure to anticipate and adapt to our customers’ changing technological needs and requirements or to hire sufficient personnel to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing expertise could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations.    We depend on attracting and retaining officers, managers and skilled personnel.  
 Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our officers, managers and skilled personnel. These employees are not
generally bound by employment or  non-competition  agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain them. To aid in managing our growth and strengthening our pool of management and skilled personnel, we
will need to internally develop, recruit and retain skilled management personnel. If we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed.  
 Efficient component and material purchasing is critical to our manufacturing processes and contractual arrangements. A shortage of components or an
increase in price could interrupt our operations and reduce our profit, increase our inventory carrying costs, increase our risk of exposure to inventory obsolescence and cause us to purchase components of a lesser quality.  
 Strategic and efficient component and materials purchasing is an aspect of our strategy. When prices rise, they may impact our margins and
results of operations if we are not able to pass the increases through to our customers or otherwise offset them. Most of our significant long-term customer contracts permit quarterly or other periodic prospective adjustments to pricing based on
decreases and increases in component prices and other factors; however, we typically bear the risk of component price increases that occur between any such  re-pricings  or, if such  re-pricing  is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to purchase the components and materials needed to
manufacture customer products at favorable prices. Accordingly, certain component price increases could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations.  
 Some of the products we manufacture require one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are
subject to supply shortages from time to time. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component. A supply shortage can also increase our cost of goods sold if we have to pay higher
prices for components in limited supply, or cause us to have to redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate a substitute component. In the past there have been industry wide conditions, natural disasters and global events that have caused
material shortages. Our production of a customer’s product could be negatively impacted by any quality, reliability or availability issues with any of our component suppliers. The financial condition of our suppliers could affect their ability
to supply us with components and their ability to satisfy any warranty obligations they may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  
 If a component shortage is threatened or anticipated, we may purchase such components early to avoid a delay or interruption in our
operations. Purchasing components early may cause us to incur additional inventory carrying costs and may cause us to experience inventory obsolescence, both of which may not be recoverable from our customers and could adversely affect our gross
profit margins and net income. A component shortage may also require us to look to second tier vendors or to procure components through brokers with whom we are not familiar. These components may be of lesser quality than those we have historically
purchased and could cause us to incur costs to bring such components up to our quality levels or to replace defective ones. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business
– Components Procurement.”    We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from our international operations, which may be subject to a
number of different risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations.    Our international
operations are subject to a number of risks, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and attempting to ensure compliance with our policies,
procedures, and applicable local laws;  
      14  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   less flexible employee relationships that can be difficult and expensive to terminate due to, among other things,
labor laws and regulations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   rising labor costs (including the introduction or expansion of certain social programs), in particular within the
lower-cost regions in which we operate, due to, among other things, demographic changes and economic development in those regions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   labor unrest and dissatisfaction, including potential labor strikes or claims;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased scrutiny by the media and other third parties of labor practices within our industry (including working
conditions, compliance with employment and labor laws and compensation) which may result in allegations of violations, more stringent and burdensome labor laws and regulations, higher labor costs and/or loss of revenues if our customers become
dissatisfied with our labor practices and diminish or terminate their relationship with us;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties,
domestic and foreign import and export controls, trade barriers (including tariffs and quotas), environmental policies and privacy issues, and local statutory corporate governance rules;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   risk of  non-compliance  with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
“FCPA”) or similar regulations in other jurisdictions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   less favorable, less predictable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property laws;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   lack of sufficient or available locations from which to operate or inability to renew leases on terms that are
acceptable to us or at all;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws or government or judicial interpretations of such
regulatory requirements and laws and adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse changes in tax rates or accounting rules and the manner in which the U.S. and other countries tax
multinational companies or interpret their tax laws or accounting rules or restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the U.S.;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limitations on imports or exports of components or products, or other trade sanctions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political and economic instability and unsafe working conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   risk of governmental expropriation of our property;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   inadequate infrastructure for our operations (e.g., lack of adequate power, water, transportation and raw
materials);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   health concerns and related government actions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased travel costs and difficulty in coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic
distances and multiple time zones;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade accounts receivable;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   economies that are emerging or developing or that may be subject to greater currency volatility, negative growth,
high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange and other risks; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   international trade disputes could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that could adversely affect
our business. Tariffs could increase the costs of the components and raw materials we use in the manufacturing process as well as import and export costs for finished products. Countries could adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our
ability to manufacture products or provide services. Increased costs to our U.S. customers who use our  non-U.S.  manufacturing sites and components may adversely impact demand for our services and our results
of operation and financial condition. Additionally, international trade disputes may cause our customers to decide to relocate the manufacturing of their products to another location, either within country, or into a new country. Relocations
may require considerable management time as well as expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated, which may negatively affect our margin. Furthermore, there can be no assurance
that all customer manufacturing needs can be met in available locations within the desired timeframe, or at all, which may cause us to lose business, which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operation.
 
      15  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In particular, a significant portion of our manufacturing, design, support and storage
operations are conducted in our facilities in China, and revenues associated with our China operations are important to our success. Therefore, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by
economic, political, legal, regulatory, competitive and other factors in China. International trade disputes with China could result in tariffs and other measures that could adversely affect the Company’s business. The Chinese economy
differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement and control over economic growth. In addition, our operations in China are governed by Chinese laws, rules and regulations, some
of which are relatively new. The Chinese legal system continues to rapidly evolve, which may result in uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations that could have a material adverse effect
on our business. China experiences high turnover of direct labor in the manufacturing sector due to the intensely competitive and fluid market for labor, and the retention of adequate labor is a challenge. If our labor turnover rates are higher than
we expect, or we otherwise fail to adequately manage our labor needs, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are also subject to risks associated with our subsidiaries organized in China. For example, regulatory
and registration requirements and government approvals affect the financing that we can provide to our subsidiaries. If we fail to receive required registrations and approvals to fund our subsidiaries organized in China, or if our ability to remit
currency out of China is limited, then our business and liquidity could be adversely affected.    These factors may harm our results of
operations. Also, any measures that we may implement to reduce risks of our international operations may not be effective, may increase our expenses and may require significant management time and effort. Entry into new international markets
requires considerable management time as well as  start-up  expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a new
market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable.    Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to cause
compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies which
could have a material adverse effect on our operations.    We have on occasion not achieved, and may not in the future achieve, expected profitability
from our acquisitions.    We have in the past and will continue to seek and complete acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to successfully integrate the operations and management of our recent acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify future strategic acquisitions and adequately conduct due diligence, consummate these potential
acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, or if consummated, successfully integrate the operations and management of future acquisitions. Acquisitions involve significant risks, which could have a material adverse effect on us including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Financial risks, such as: (1) overpayment; (2) an increase in our expenses and working capital
requirements; (3) exposure to liabilities of the acquired businesses, with contractually-based time and monetary limitations on a seller’s obligation to indemnify us; (4) integration costs or failure to achieve synergy targets;
(5) incurrence of additional debt; (6) valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets; (7) possible adverse tax and accounting effects; (8) the risk that we acquire manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual
and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue; (9) the risk that, in the future, we may have to close or sell acquired facilities at our cost, which may include substantial employee severance costs and asset write-offs, which have
resulted, and may result, in our incurring significant losses; and (10) costs associated with environmental risks including fines, remediation and  clean-up.   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Operating risks, such as: (1) the diversion of management’s attention and resources to the integration
of the acquired businesses and their employees and to the management of expanding operations; (2) the risk that the acquired businesses will fail to maintain the quality of services that we have historically provided; (3) the need to
implement financial and other systems and add management resources; (4) the need to maintain customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations and restructure or terminate unfavorable relationships;
(5) the potential for deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired operations; (6) the inability to attract and retain the employees necessary to support the acquired businesses; (7) potential inexperience in a line of business
that is either new to us or that has become materially more significant to us as a result of the transaction; (8) unforeseen difficulties (including any unanticipated liabilities) in the acquired operations; (9) the impact on us of any
unionized work force we may acquire or any labor disruptions that might occur; (10) the possibility that the acquired business’s past transactions or practices before our acquisition may lead to future commercial or regulatory risks;
(11) the difficulty of presenting a unified corporate image; (12) the possibility that we will have unutilized capacity due to our acquisition activity; (13) when acquiring an operation from a customer and continuing or entering into
a supply arrangement, our inability to meet the expectations of the customer as to volume, product quality, timeliness and cost reductions.  
      16  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of due diligence regarding the
businesses we purchase, in light of the circumstances of each transaction, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding the actual condition of these businesses. Until we actually assume operating control of such businesses and their assets and
operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired entities and their operations.  
 Most of our acquisitions involve operations outside of the U.S., which are subject to various risks including those described in “Risk
Factors – We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from our international operations, which may be subject to a number of risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations.”  
 We have acquired and may continue to pursue the acquisition of manufacturing and supply chain management operations from our customers (or
potential customers). In these acquisitions, the divesting company will typically enter into a supply arrangement with the acquirer. Therefore, our competitors often also pursue these acquisitions. In addition, certain divesting companies may choose
not to offer to sell their operations to us because of our current supply arrangements with other companies or may require terms and conditions that may impact our profitability. If we are unable to attract and consummate some of these acquisition
opportunities at favorable terms, our growth and profitability could be adversely impacted.    We have expanded the primary scope of our
acquisitions strategy beyond focusing on acquisition opportunities presented by companies divesting internal manufacturing operations. As we continue to pursue acquisitions that diversify our business into new industry sectors with new customers and
services, the amount and scope of the risks associated may extend beyond those that we have traditionally faced in making acquisitions. These risks include greater uncertainties in the financial benefits and potential liabilities associated with
this expanded base of acquisitions.    We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.  
 Over the past several years, we have undertaken initiatives to restructure our business operations with the intention of improving utilization
and realizing cost savings. These initiatives have included changing the number and location of our production facilities, largely to align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand. The process of restructuring
entails, among other activities, moving production between facilities, transferring programs from higher cost geographies to lower cost geographies, closing facilities, reducing the level of staff, realigning our business processes and reorganizing
our management.    Restructurings could adversely affect us, including a decrease in employee morale, delays encountered
in finalizing the scope of, and implementing, the restructurings, failure to achieve targeted cost savings, and failure to meet operational targets and customer requirements due to the restructuring process. These risks are further
complicated by our extensive international operations, which subject us to different legal and regulatory requirements that govern the extent and speed of our ability to reduce our manufacturing capacity and workforce.  
 When financial markets experience significant turmoil, the financial arrangements we may need to enter into, refinance or repay and our customers may be
adversely affected.    Credit market turmoil could negatively impact the counterparties and lenders to our forward foreign exchange
contracts, trade accounts receivable securitization and sale programs, unsecured credit and term loan facilities, commercial paper program, various foreign subsidiary credit facilities and other debt facilities. These potential negative impacts
could limit our ability to borrow under these financing agreements, contracts, facilities and programs or renew or obtain future additional financing. Credit market turmoil could also negatively impact certain of our customers and certain of their
respective customers, which could cause them to reduce or cancel their orders and have a negative effect on our results of operations.    We
can offer no assurance under the uncommitted trade accounts receivable sales programs that if we attempt to sell receivables through such programs in the future that we will receive funding from the associated banks, which would require us to
utilize other available sources of liquidity, including our revolving credit facilities.  
      17  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We are subject to extensive government regulations and industry standards and the terms of complex
contracts; a failure to comply with current and future regulations and standards, or the terms of our contractual arrangements, could have an adverse effect on our business, customer relationships, reputation and profitability.  
 We are subject to extensive government regulation and industry standards relating to the products we design and manufacture as well as how we
conduct our business, including regulations and standards relating to labor and employment practices, workplace health and safety, the environment, sourcing and import/export practices, the market sectors we support, privacy and data protection, the
regulations that apply to government contracts, and many other facets of our operations. The regulatory climate in the U.S. and other countries has become increasingly complex and fragmented, and regulatory activity has increased in recent periods.
Failure or noncompliance with such regulations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, customer relationships, profitability and results of operations. In addition, we regularly enter into a large number of complex contractual
arrangements as well as operate pursuant to the terms of a significant number of ongoing intricate contractual arrangements. Our failure or our customers’ failure to comply with the terms of such arrangements could expose us to claims or other
demands and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, customer relationships, profitability and results of operations.    If we manufacture
products containing design or manufacturing defects, demand for our services may decline, our reputation may be damaged and we may be subject to liability claims.  
 Our customers’ products and the manufacturing processes and design services that we use to produce them often are highly complex. Defects
in the products we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design, manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, may result in delayed shipments to customers or reduced or canceled customer orders.
If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation may also be damaged. The failure of the products that we manufacture or of our manufacturing processes or facilities may subject us to regulatory enforcement, fines or
penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down, temporarily halt operations or incur considerable expense to correct a manufacturing process or facility. In addition, these defects may result in liability claims against us, expose us to
liability to pay for the recall or remanufacture of a product or adversely affect product sales or our reputation. Even if our customers are responsible for the defects or defective specifications, they may not, or may not have resources to, assume
responsibility for any costs or liabilities arising from these defects, which could expose us to additional liability claims. Any of these actions could increase our expenses, reduce our revenue or damage our reputation as a supplier to these
customers.    We may face heightened liability risks specific to our medical device business as a result of additional healthcare regulatory related
compliance requirements and the potential severe consequences (e.g., death or serious injury) that could result from manufacturing defects or malfunctions of the medical devices we manufacture or design.  
 As a service provider engaged in the business of designing and manufacturing medical devices for our customers, we have compliance requirements
in addition to those relating to other industries we serve within our business. We are required to register with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the
FDA’s Quality System Regulation (“QSR”), including current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs). This regulation establishes requirements for manufacturers of medical devices to implement design and process manufacturing controls,
quality control, labeling, handling and documentation procedures. The FDA, through periodic inspections and post-market surveillance, continuously and rigorously monitors compliance with these QSR requirements and other applicable regulatory
requirements. If any FDA inspection reveals noncompliance, and we do not address the FDA’s concerns to its satisfaction, the FDA may elect to take enforcement action against us, including issuing inspection observations or a notice of violation
or a warning letter, imposing fines, bringing an action against the Company and its officers, requiring a recall of the products we manufactured, issuing an import detention on products entering the U.S. from an offshore facility or temporarily
halting operations at or shutting down a manufacturing facility.    Beyond the FDA, our medical device business is also subject to
applicable state and foreign regulatory requirements. Within the European Union (“EU”), we are required to fulfill certain internationally recognized standards and must undergo periodic inspections to obtain and maintain certifications to
these standards. Continued noncompliance to the EU regulations could stop the flow of products into the EU from us or from our customers. In China, the Safe Food and Drug Administration controls and regulates the manufacture and commerce of
healthcare products. We must comply with the regulatory laws applicable to medical device manufactures or our ability to manufacture products in China could be impacted. In Japan, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Laws regulate the manufacture and commerce
of healthcare products. These regulations also require that subcontractors manufacturing products intended for sale in Japan register with authorities and submit to regulatory audits. Other foreign countries where we operate have similar laws
regarding the regulation of medical device manufacturing. In the event of any noncompliance with these requirements, interruption of our operations and/or ability to allow commerce in these markets could occur, which in turn could cause our
reputation and business to suffer.  
      18  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety, product
stewardship and producer responsibility laws or regulations could cause us significant expense.    We are subject to a variety of
federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety, product stewardship and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, generation, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous chemicals used
during our manufacturing process, those governing worker health and safety, those requiring design changes, supply chain investigation or conformity assessments and those relating to the recycling or reuse of products we manufacture. If we fail to
comply with any present or future regulations or timely obtain any needed permits, we could become subject to liabilities, and we could face fines or penalties, the suspension of production, or prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In
addition, such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant expenses, including expenses associated with the recall of any  non-compliant  product or with changes in our operational, procurement and inventory management activities.  
 Certain environmental laws impose liability for the costs of investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on an
owner, occupier or operator of real estate, or on parties who arranged for hazardous substance treatment or disposal, even if such person or company was unaware of, or not responsible for, contamination at the affected site. Soil and groundwater
contamination may have occurred at or near, or may have arisen from, some of our facilities. From time to time we investigate, remediate and monitor soil and groundwater contamination at certain of our operating sites. In certain instances where
contamination existed prior to our ownership or occupation of a site, landlords or former owners have retained some contractual responsibility for contamination and remediation. However, failure of such persons to perform those obligations could
result in us being required to address such contamination. As a result, we may incur  clean-up  costs in such potential removal or remediation efforts. In other instances, we may be responsible for  clean-up  costs and other liabilities, including the possibility of claims due to health risks by both employees and  non-employees,  as well as other third-party claims in
connection with contaminated sites.    In addition, there is an increasing governmental focus around the world on global warming and
environmental impact issues, which may result in new environmental, health and safety regulations that may affect us, our suppliers and our customers. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as increased indirect
costs resulting from our customers, suppliers or both incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. These costs may adversely impact our operations and financial condition.  
 We have limited insurance coverage for potential environmental liabilities associated with current operations and we do not anticipate
increasing such coverage in the future.    Our manufacturing, production and design processes and services may result in exposure to intellectual
property infringement and other claims.    Providing manufacturing services can expose us to potential claims that products, designs or
manufacturing processes we use infringe third party intellectual property rights. Even though many of our manufacturing services contracts require our customers to indemnify us for infringement claims relating to their products, including associated
product specifications and designs, a particular customer may not, or may not have the resources to, assume responsibility for such claims. In addition, we may be responsible for claims that our manufacturing processes or components used in
manufacturing infringe third party intellectual property rights. Providing turnkey design solutions, and design and other services can expose us to different or greater potential liabilities than those we face providing just manufacturing services,
including an increase in exposure to potential claims that products we design or supply, or materials or components we use, infringe third party intellectual property rights. Infringement claims could subject us to significant liability for damages,
potential injunctive action, or hamper our normal operations such as by interfering with the availability of components. Regardless of the merits of any such claim, it could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, and have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial position. In the event of such a claim, we may spend significant amounts of money and effort to develop  non-infringing  alternatives or obtain and maintain
licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining and maintaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all. Our customers may be required to or decide to discontinue products that are alleged to be infringing, and
such discontinuance may result in a significant decrease in our business and/or could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. These risks may be heightened in connection with our customer relationships
with emerging companies.    Components we purchase, products we design and/or manufacture and/or services we provide may infringe the
intellectual property rights of third parties, some of whom may hold key intellectual property rights in areas in which we operate. Our customers or suppliers could also become subject to infringement claims. Patent clearance or licensing
activities, if any, may be inadequate to anticipate and avoid third party claims. Additionally, customers for our services in which we have significant technology contributions, typically require that we indemnify them against the risk of
intellectual property infringement. If any claims are brought against our customers, our suppliers or us for such infringement, regardless of their merits, we could be required to expend significant resources in the defense or settlement of such
claims, or in the defense or  
      19  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
settlement of related indemnification claims. In the event of a claim, we may be required to spend significant amounts of money and effort to develop
 non-infringing  alternatives or obtain and maintain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining or maintaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all. We, our suppliers
or our customers may be required to or decide to discontinue products, and such discontinuance may result in a significant decrease in our business, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.  
 The success of certain aspects of our business depends in part on our ability to obtain, protect and leverage intellectual property rights.  
 In certain circumstances, we strive to obtain and protect certain intellectual property rights related to solutions, designs, processes and
products that we create. We believe that obtaining a significant level of protected proprietary technology may give us a competitive advantage. In addition to selectively relying on patent rights, we rely on unpatented proprietary  know-how  and trade secrets, and employ various methods, including  non-disclosure  agreements with our customers, employees and suppliers and our internal security systems,
policies and procedures to protect our  know-how  and trade secrets. However, we cannot be certain the measures we employ will result in protected intellectual property rights or will result in the prevention of
unauthorized use of our technology. If we are unable to obtain and protect intellectual property rights embodied within our solutions, designs, processes and products, this could reduce or eliminate competitive advantages of our proprietary
technology, which would harm our business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.  
 Even if we take steps to protect certain intellectual property rights, these mechanisms may not afford complete or sufficient protection, and
misappropriation may still occur. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire or enforce our patent or other rights, if any, and that others will not independently develop similar
 know-how  and trade secrets, or develop better solutions, designs, processes and products than us. We have not historically sought patent protection for many of our proprietary processes, designs or other
patentable intellectual property. Further, we may not be able to prevent current and former employees, contractors and other parties from breaching  non-disclosure  agreements and misappropriating proprietary
information. If any of the foregoing occur, it could impair our ability to compete with others in our industry, result in a significant decrease in our business and/or could have material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position.    Any delay in the implementation of our information systems could disrupt our operations and cause unanticipated increases in our costs.
   We are currently in the process of completing the installation of an enterprise resource planning system in certain of our
manufacturing facilities, which will replace the existing planning and financial information systems. Any delay in the implementation of these information systems could result in material adverse consequences, including disruption of operations,
loss of information and unanticipated increases in costs.    Disruptions to our information systems, including security breaches, losses of data or
outages, and other security issues, could adversely affect our operations.    We rely on information systems, some of which are owned and
operated by third parties, to store, process and transmit confidential information, including financial reporting, inventory management, procurement, invoicing and electronic communications, belonging to our customers, our suppliers, our employees
and/or us. We attempt to monitor and mitigate our exposure and modify our systems when warranted and we have implemented certain business continuity items including data backups at alternative sites. Nevertheless, these systems are vulnerable to,
and at times have suffered from, among other things, damage from power loss or natural disasters, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunication services, physical and electronic loss of data, terrorist attacks, security breaches,
cyberattacks and computer viruses. We regularly face attempts by others to access our information systems in an unauthorized manner, to introduce malicious software to such systems or both. The increased use of mobile technologies and the internet
of things can heighten these and other operational risks. If we, or the third parties who own and operate certain of our information systems, are unable to prevent such breaches, losses of data and outages, our operations could be disrupted. Also,
the time and funds spent on monitoring and mitigating our exposure and responding to breaches, including the training of employees, the purchase of protective technologies and the hiring of additional employees and consultants to assist in these
efforts could adversely affect our financial results. The increasing sophistication of cyberattacks requires us to continually evaluate the threat landscape and new technologies and processes intended to detect and prevent these attacks. There can
be no assurance that the security measures and systems configurations we choose to implement will be sufficient to protect the data we manage. Any theft or misuse of information resulting from a security breach could result in, among other things,
loss of significant and/or sensitive information, litigation by affected parties, financial obligations resulting from such theft or misuse, higher insurance premiums, governmental investigations, negative reactions from current and potential future
customers (including potential negative financial  
      20  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
ramifications under certain customer contract provisions) and poor publicity and any of these could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex
regulations intended to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and elsewhere. Compliance with these regulations can be costly and any failure to comply could result in legal and reputational risks as well as penalties, fines and damages that
could adversely affect our financial results.    We are subject to the risk of increased taxes.  
 We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature and conduct of our business and upon our understanding of the tax laws of the various
countries in which we have assets or conduct activities. Our tax position, however, is subject to review and possible challenge by taxing authorities and to possible changes in law (including adverse changes to the manner in which the U.S. and other
countries tax multinational companies or interpret their tax laws). We cannot determine in advance the extent to which some jurisdictions may assess additional tax or interest and penalties on such additional taxes. In addition, our effective tax
rate may be increased by changes in the mix of earnings between jurisdictions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in our cash management strategies, changes in local tax rates or countries adopting more
aggressive interpretations of tax laws, or other legislative changes, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“Tax Act”).  
 Several countries in which we are located allow for tax incentives to attract and retain business. We have obtained incentives where available
and practicable. Our taxes could increase if certain tax incentives are retracted, which could occur if we are unable to satisfy the conditions on which such incentives are based, if they are not renewed upon expiration, or if tax rates applicable
to us in such jurisdictions otherwise increase. It is not anticipated that any material tax incentives will expire within the next year. However, due to the possibility of changes in existing tax law and our operations, we are unable to predict how
any expirations will impact us in the future. In addition, acquisitions may cause our effective tax rate to increase, depending on the jurisdictions in which the acquired operations are located.  
 Certain of our subsidiaries provide financing, products and services to, and may undertake certain significant transactions with, other
subsidiaries in different jurisdictions. Several jurisdictions in which we operate have tax laws with detailed transfer pricing rules that require that all transactions with  non-resident  related parties be
priced using arm’s length pricing principles, and that contemporaneous documentation must exist to support such pricing. There is a risk that the taxing authorities may not deem our transfer pricing documentation acceptable. In addition, the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development continues to issue guidelines and proposals related to Base Erosion and Profit Shifting which may result in legislative changes that could reshape international tax rules in numerous countries
and negatively impact our effective tax rate.    Our credit rating may be downgraded.  
 Our credit is and certain of our financial instruments and our commercial paper are rated by credit rating agencies. Any potential future
negative change in our credit ratings may make it more expensive for us to raise additional capital on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all; negatively impact the price of our common stock; increase our interest payments under existing debt
agreements; cause us to lose the ability to utilize our commercial paper program; and have other negative implications on our business, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the interest rate payable under the 2017 Credit Facility (as
such terms are defined in Note 8 – “Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements) is subject to adjustment from time to time if our credit ratings change. Thus, any potential future negative change in our
credit rating may increase the interest rate payable on the 2017 Credit Facility and certain of our other borrowings.    Our amount of debt could
significantly increase in the future.    The Company has a number of debt facilities. Refer to “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” and Note 8 – “Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.  
 Should we desire to consummate significant additional acquisition opportunities, undertake significant additional expansion activities, or
make substantial investments in our infrastructure or in support of customer opportunities, our capital needs would increase and could result in our need to increase available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities or access public or
private debt and equity markets. There can be no assurance, however, that we would be successful in raising additional debt or equity on terms that we would consider acceptable. An increase in the level of our indebtedness, among other things,
could:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make it difficult for us to obtain any necessary financing in the future for other acquisitions, working capital,
capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes;  
      21  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   impact certain financial covenants that we are subject to in connection with our debt and asset-backed
securitization programs.    There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet future debt service obligations.  
 An adverse change in the interest rates for our borrowings could adversely affect our financial condition.  
 We pay interest on outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and certain other long term debt obligations at interest rates
that fluctuate based upon changes in various base interest rates. An adverse change in the base rates upon which our interest rates are determined could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
If certain economic or fiscal issues occur, interest rates could rise, which would increase our interest costs and reduce our net income. Also, increased interest rates could make any future fixed interest rate debt obligations more expensive.  
 In addition, the U. K.’s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of
2021. The U.S. Federal Reserve has begun publishing a Secured Overnight Funding Rate (“SOFR”), which is intended to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR. Plans for alternative reference rates for other currencies have also been announced. At this
time, we cannot predict how markets will respond to these proposed alternative rates or the effect of any changes to LIBOR or the discontinuation of LIBOR. If LIBOR is no longer available or if our lenders have increased costs due to changes in
LIBOR, we may experience potential increases in interest rates on our variable rate debt, which could adversely impact our interest expense, results of operations and cash flows.  
 We are subject to risks of currency fluctuations and related hedging operations.  
 Although a significant number of our operations are located outside the United States, the majority of our business is conducted in U.S.
dollars. Changes in exchange rates will affect our net revenue, cost of sales, operating margins and net income. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations. We use financial instruments, primarily forward contracts, to hedge
our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that our hedging activities enable us to largely protect ourselves from future exchange rate fluctuations. If, however, these hedging activities are not successful, if the counterparties to
these hedging activities default on their obligations to us or if we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange rates. In addition, certain countries in
which we operate have adopted, or may adopt, currency controls requiring that local transactions be settled only in local currency. Such controls could require us to hedge larger amounts of local currency than we have in the past.  
 Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of
operations.    We prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in these policies can have a significant
effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions that are completed before a change is announced. Changes to those rules or questions as to how we interpret or implement them may have a material adverse effect on our
reported financial results or on the way we conduct business. For example, significant changes to revenue recognition rules have been adopted and first applied to us in fiscal year 2019.  
 Energy price increases may negatively impact our results of operations.  
 Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing activities are petroleum-based. In addition, we, along with our suppliers and
customers, rely on various energy sources (including oil) in our facilities and transportation activities. An increase in energy prices, which have been volatile historically, could cause an increase in our raw material costs and transportation
costs. In addition, increased transportation costs of certain of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. In addition, any increase in our
product prices may reduce our future customer orders and profitability.  
      22  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, climate change and global events.  
 Our operations and those of our customers and suppliers may be subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, or other business
disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. We are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (including in Florida, where our headquarters are located), earthquakes, power
shortages, telecommunications failures, water or other natural resource shortages, tsunamis, floods, typhoons, drought, fire, extreme weather conditions, rising sea level, geopolitical events such as direct or indirect terrorist acts or acts of war,
other natural or manmade disasters, boycotts and sanctions or widespread criminal activities. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or to deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers,
or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business globally or in certain regions. While we maintain similar manufacturing capacities at different locations and coordinate multi-source supplier programs on many of our
materials, which we believe better enables us to respond to these types of events, we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject
to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.  
 While we manufacture our products in a large number of diversified facilities and maintain insurance covering our facilities, including
business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our key manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster or otherwise, whether short- or long-term, could have
a material adverse effect on us.    Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  
 There are no unresolved written comments from the SEC staff regarding our periodic or current reports.  
      23  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 2. Properties  
 We own or lease facilities located primarily in the countries listed below. We believe that our properties are generally in good condition, are
well maintained and are generally suitable and adequate to carry out our business at expected capacity for the foreseeable future. The majority of the square footage is active manufacturing space and are reported in both the EMS and DMS operating
segments, as both use these properties. Our corporate headquarters is located in St. Petersburg, Florida.    The table below lists the
approximate square footage for our facilities as of August 31, 2019 (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 Location 
    
 Approximate Square Footage 


 
 Asia 
    
 32,620 
 
 Americas 
    
 15,425 
 
 Europe 
    
 4,791 
 
 
    
     
 
 Total as of August 31, 2019  (1)(2) 
    
 52,836 
 
 
    
     
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Approximately 11% of our total square footage is not currently used in business operations.
 
 
 
 (2) 
   Consists of 18.1 million square feet in facilities that we own with the remaining 34.7 million square
feet in leased facilities.    Our manufacturing facilities are ISO certified to ISO 9001:2008 standards and most are also
certified to  ISO-14001:2004  environmental standards.    Item 3. Legal Proceedings
   We are party to certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that these proceedings, individually or in the
aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures    Not applicable.  
      24  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART II  
 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
   Market Information and Dividends  
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “JBL.” See discussion of our cash dividends declared to
common shareholders in Note 11—“Stockholders’ Equity” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    We expect to continue
to declare and pay quarterly dividends of an amount similar to our past declarations. However, the declaration and payment of future dividends are discretionary and will be subject to determination by our Board of Directors each quarter following
its review of our financial performance.    On October 14, 2019, the closing sales price for our common stock as reported on the New
York Stock Exchange was $35.64. As of October 14, 2019, there were 1,313 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares are
held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions.    Information regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by
reference to the information set forth in Item 12 of Part III of this report.    Stock Performance Graph  
 The performance graph and table show a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return, assuming the reinvestment of dividends, from a $100
investment in the common stock of Jabil over the five-year period ending August 31, 2019, with the cumulative stockholder return of the (1) S&P MidCap 400 Index and (2) peer group which includes Celestica Inc., Catcher Technology
Co., Ltd, Flex Ltd.,  Hon-Hai  Precision Industry Co. Ltd, Plexus Corp., and Sanmina Corp.  
 Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return      
 


 
      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 August 31 
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   


 
   Jabil Inc. 
    
 $ 
 100 
   
    
 $ 
 91 
   
    
 $ 
 101 
   
    
 $ 
 152 
   
    
 $ 
 145 
   
    
 $ 
 143 
   
 
   S&P MidCap 400 Index – Total Returns 
    
   
 100 
   
    
   
 100 
   
    
   
 112 
   
    
   
 126 
   
    
   
 151 
   
    
   
 142 
   
 
   Peer Group 
    
   
 100 
   
    
   
 88 
   
    
   
 91 
   
    
   
 145 
   
    
   
 110 
   
    
   
 82 
   
 
      25  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of common stock during the three months ended August 31, 2019:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) 
   
    
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in thousands) (2) 
   


 
   June 1, 2019 - June 30, 2019 
    
   
 45 
   
    
 $ 
 26.92 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   July 1, 2019 - July 31, 2019 
    
   
 633 
   
    
 $ 
 30.92 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   August 1, 2019 - August 31, 2019 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 678 
   
    
 $ 
 30.65 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The purchases include amounts that are attributable to shares surrendered to us by employees to satisfy, in
connection with the vesting of restricted stock units and the exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights, their tax withholding obligations.  
 
 
 (2) 
   In September 2019, our Board of Directors (“the Board”) authorized the repurchase of up to
$600.0 million of our common stock as publicly announced in a press release on September 24, 2019 (“the 2020 Share Repurchase Program”). From September 24, 2019 through October 14, 2019, we repurchased 874,475 shares,
utilizing a total of $30.8 million of the $600.0 million authorized by our Board of Directors.  
      26  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 6. Selected Financial Data  
 The following selected data is derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements. This data should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto incorporated into Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and with Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.”      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except for per share data) 
   


 
   Consolidated Statement of Operations Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
   
 $ 
 22,095,416 
   
   
 $ 
 19,063,121 
   
   
 $ 
 18,353,086 
   
   
 $ 
 17,899,196 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 701,356 
   
   
   
 542,153 
   
   
   
 410,230 
   
   
   
 522,833 
   
   
   
 555,411 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before tax 
    
   
 450,704 
   
   
   
 373,401 
   
   
   
 256,233 
   
   
   
 387,045 
   
   
   
 431,646 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations, net of tax 
    
   
 289,474 
   
   
   
 87,541 
   
   
   
 127,167 
   
   
   
 254,896 
   
   
   
 294,185 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Discontinued operations, net of
tax (1) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (8,573 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 289,474 
   
   
   
 87,541 
   
   
   
 127,167 
   
   
   
 254,896 
   
   
   
 285,612 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
    
 $ 
 287,111 
   
   
 $ 
 86,330 
   
   
 $ 
 129,090 
   
   
 $ 
 254,095 
   
   
 $ 
 284,019 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share attributable to the stockholders of Jabil Inc.: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 1.85 
   
   
 $ 
 0.50 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 1.33 
   
   
 $ 
 1.51 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Discontinued operations, net of
tax (1) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 1.85 
   
   
 $ 
 0.50 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 1.33 
   
   
 $ 
 1.47 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 1.81 
   
   
 $ 
 0.49 
   
   
 $ 
 0.69 
   
   
 $ 
 1.32 
   
   
 $ 
 1.49 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Discontinued operations, net of
tax (1) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 1.81 
   
   
 $ 
 0.49 
   
   
 $ 
 0.69 
   
   
 $ 
 1.32 
   
   
 $ 
 1.45 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Working capital (2) 
    
 $ 
 (187,020 
 )  
   
 $ 
 319,050 
   
   
 $ 
 (243,910 
 )  
   
 $ 
 280,325 
   
   
 $ 
 191,168 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 12,970,475 
   
   
 $ 
 12,045,641 
   
   
 $ 
 11,095,995 
   
   
 $ 
 10,322,677 
   
   
 $ 
 9,591,600 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Current installments of notes payable and long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 375,181 
   
   
 $ 
 25,197 
   
   
 $ 
 444,255 
   
   
 $ 
 44,689 
   
   
 $ 
 321,964 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Notes payable and long-term debt, less current installments 
    
 $ 
 2,121,284 
   
   
 $ 
 2,493,502 
   
   
 $ 
 1,606,017 
   
   
 $ 
 2,046,655 
   
   
 $ 
 1,308,663 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Jabil Inc. stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 1,887,443 
   
   
 $ 
 1,950,257 
   
   
 $ 
 2,353,514 
   
   
 $ 
 2,438,171 
   
   
 $ 
 2,314,856 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common stock shares outstanding 
    
   
 153,520 
   
   
   
 164,588 
   
   
   
 177,728 
   
   
   
 186,998 
   
   
   
 192,068 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
 
   Consolidated Cash Flow Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 (1,005,480 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,036,651 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (716,485 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (924,239 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (963,145 
 )  
 
   Proceeds and advances from sale of property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 218,708 
   
   
 $ 
 350,291 
   
   
 $ 
 175,000 
   
   
 $ 
 26,031 
   
   
 $ 
 15,784 
   
 
   Financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments to acquire treasury stock 
    
 $ 
 (350,323 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (450,319 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (306,640 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (148,340 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (85,576 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
   During fiscal year 2014, we sold our Aftermarket Services business for consideration of $725.0 million.
 
 
 
 (2) 
   Working capital is defined as current assets minus current liabilities.  
      27  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations    Overview  
 We are one of the leading providers of worldwide manufacturing services and solutions. We provide comprehensive electronics design, production
and product management services to companies in various industries and end markets. We derive substantially all of our revenue from production and product management services (collectively referred to as “manufacturing services”), which
encompass the act of producing tangible components that are built to customer specifications and are then provided to the customer.    We
have two reporting segments: Electronics Manufacturing Services (“EMS”) and Diversified Manufacturing Services (“DMS”), which are organized based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing
capabilities, market strategy, margins, return on capital and risk profiles. Our EMS segment is focused around leveraging IT, supply chain design and engineering, technologies largely centered on core electronics, utilizing our large scale
manufacturing infrastructure and our ability to serve a broad range of end markets. Our EMS segment is a high volume business that produces product at a quicker rate (i.e. cycle time) and in larger quantities and includes customers primarily in the
automotive and transportation, capital equipment, cloud, computing and storage, defense and aerospace, industrial and energy, networking and telecommunications, print and retail, and smart home and appliances industries. Our DMS segment is focused
on providing engineering solutions, with an emphasis on material sciences, technologies and healthcare. Our DMS segment includes customers primarily in the edge devices and accessories, healthcare, mobility and packaging industries.  
 Our cost of revenue includes the cost of electronic components and other materials that comprise the products we manufacture; the cost of
labor and manufacturing overhead; and adjustments for excess and obsolete inventory. As a provider of turnkey manufacturing services, we are responsible for procuring components and other materials. This requires us to commit significant working
capital to our operations and to manage the purchasing, receiving, inspecting and stocking of materials. Although we bear the risk of fluctuations in the cost of materials and excess scrap, our ability to purchase components and materials
efficiently may contribute significantly to our operating results. While we periodically negotiate cost of materials adjustments with our customers, rising component and material prices may negatively affect our margins. Net revenue from each
product that we manufacture consists of an element based on the costs of materials in that product and an element based on the labor and manufacturing overhead costs allocated to that product. Our gross margin for any product depends on the mix
between the cost of materials in the product and the cost of labor and manufacturing overhead allocated to the product.    Our operating
results are impacted by the level of capacity utilization of manufacturing facilities; indirect labor costs; and selling, general and administrative expenses. Operating income margins have generally improved during periods of high production volume
and high capacity utilization. During periods of low production volume, we generally have reduced operating income margins.    We monitor
the current economic environment and its potential impact on both the customers we serve as well as our end markets and closely manage our costs and capital resources so that we can try to respond appropriately as circumstances change.  
 We have consistently utilized advanced circuit design, production design and manufacturing technologies to meet the needs of our customers. To
support this effort, our engineering staff focuses on developing and refining design and manufacturing technologies to meet specific needs of specific customers. Most of the expenses associated with these customer-specific efforts are reflected in
our cost of revenue. In addition, our engineers engage in research and development (“R&D”) of new technologies that apply generally to our operations. The expenses of these R&D activities are reflected in the research and
development line item within our Consolidated Statement of Operations.    An important element of our strategy is the expansion of our
global production facilities. The majority of our revenue and materials costs worldwide are denominated in U.S. dollars, while our labor and utility costs in operations outside the U.S. are denominated in local currencies. We economically hedge
certain of these local currency costs, based on our evaluation of the potential exposure as compared to the cost of the hedge, through the purchase of foreign currency exchange contracts. Changes in the fair market value of such hedging instruments
are reflected within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.    See Note 12 –
“Concentration of Risk and Segment Data” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      28  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Summary of Results  
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain key operating results and other financial information (in thousands, except
per share data):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
    
 $ 
 22,095,416 
   
    
 $ 
 19,063,121 
   
 
   Gross profit 
    
 $ 
 1,913,401 
   
    
 $ 
 1,706,792 
   
    
 $ 
 1,545,643 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 701,356 
   
    
 $ 
 542,153 
   
    
 $ 
 410,230 
   
 
   Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
    
 $ 
 287,111 
   
    
 $ 
 86,330 
   
    
 $ 
 129,090 
   
 
   Earnings per share – basic 
    
 $ 
 1.85 
   
    
 $ 
 0.50 
   
    
 $ 
 0.71 
   
 
   Earnings per share – diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.81 
   
    
 $ 
 0.49 
   
    
 $ 
 0.69 
   
   Key Performance Indicators  
 Management regularly reviews financial and  non-financial  performance indicators to assess the
Company’s operating results. The following table sets forth, for the quarterly periods indicated, certain of management’s key financial performance indicators:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 May 31, 2019 
   
    
 February 28, 2019 
   
    
 November 30, 2018 
   


 
   Sales cycle (1) 
    
   
 19 days 
   
    
   
 27 days 
   
    
   
 25 days 
   
    
   
 16 days 
   
 
   Inventory turns (annualized) (2) 
    
   
 6 turns 
   
    
   
 6 turns 
   
    
   
 6 turns 
   
    
   
 6 turns 
   
 
   Days in accounts receivable (3) 
    
   
 38 days 
   
    
   
 39 days 
   
    
   
 38 days 
   
    
   
 38 days 
   
 
   Days in inventory (4) 
    
   
 58 days 
   
    
   
 64 days 
   
    
   
 65 days 
   
    
   
 60 days 
   
 
   Days in accounts payable (5) 
    
   
 77 days 
   
    
   
 76 days 
   
    
   
 78 days 
   
    
   
 82 days 
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   
    
 May 31, 2018 
   
    
 February 28, 2018 
   
    
 November 30, 2017 
   
 
   Sales cycle (1) 
    
   
 1 day 
   
    
   
 9 days 
   
    
   
 3 days 
   
    
   
 (2) days 
   
 
   Inventory turns (annualized) 
    
   
 6 turns 
   
    
   
 6 turns 
   
    
   
 6 turns 
   
    
   
 6 turns 
   
 
   Days in accounts receivable 
    
   
 26 days 
   
    
   
 26 days 
   
    
   
 26 days 
   
    
   
 25 days 
   
 
   Days in inventory (4) 
    
   
 58 days 
   
    
   
 60 days 
   
    
   
 62 days 
   
    
   
 58 days 
   
 
   Days in accounts payable (5) 
    
   
 83 days 
   
    
   
 77 days 
   
    
   
 85 days 
   
    
   
 85 days 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The sales cycle is calculated as the sum of days in accounts receivable and days in inventory, less the days in
accounts payable; accordingly, the variance in the sales cycle quarter over quarter is a direct result of changes in these indicators.  
 
 
 (2) 
   In connection with the adoption of Accounting Standards Update
 No. 2014-09  (“ASU  2014-09”),  Revenue Recognition (Topic 606), inventory turns are calculated based on inventory and contract asset balances for the three
months ended August 31, 2019, May 31, 2019, February 28, 2019 and November 30, 2018.  
 
 
 (3) 
   During the three months ended November 30, 2018, the increase in days in accounts receivable from the
prior sequential quarter was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable, primarily driven by the amended and new securitization programs and higher sales and timing of collections.  
 
 
 (4) 
   In connection with the adoption of ASU  2014-09,  days in inventory are
calculated based on inventory and contract asset balances for the three months ended August 31, 2019, May 31, 2019, February 28, 2019 and November 30, 2018. During the three months ended August 31, 2019, the decrease in days
in inventory from prior sequential quarter was primarily due to increased sales activity during the quarter. During the three months ended February 28, 2019, days in inventory increased from the prior sequential quarter to support anticipated
ramps and expected sales levels in the second half of fiscal year 2019 and due to the acquisition of certain assets of Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies (“JJMD”) facilities at the end of February. During the three months
ended November 30, 2018, days in inventory increased from the prior sequential quarter to support expected sales levels in the second quarter of fiscal year 2019. During each of the three months ended August 31, 2018 and May 31, 2018,
the decrease in days in inventory from the prior sequential quarter was primarily due to increased sales activity during the quarter. During the three months ended February 28, 2018, the increase in days in inventory from the prior sequential
quarter was primarily due to the increase in inventories to support expected sales levels in the third quarter of fiscal year 2018 along with overall increased demand.  
      29  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 (5) 
   During the three months ended May 31, 2019, the decrease in days in accounts payable from the prior
sequential quarter was primarily due to timing of purchases and cash payments for purchases during the quarter. During the three months ended February 28, 2019, the decrease in days in accounts payable from the prior sequential quarter was
primarily due to lower materials purchases during the quarter and timing of purchases and cash payments for purchases during the quarter. During the three months ended August 31, 2018, the increase in days in accounts payable from the prior
sequential quarter was primarily due to higher materials purchases during the quarter and the timing of purchases and cash payments for purchases during the quarter. During the three months ended May 31, 2018, the decrease in days in accounts
payable from the prior sequential quarter was primarily due to the timing of purchases and cash payments for purchases during the quarter.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an  on-going  basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances. Management believes that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the
circumstances; however, actual results may vary from these estimates and assumptions under different future circumstances. We have identified the following critical accounting policies that affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in
the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. For further discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 1 – “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.    Revenue Recognition  
 Effective September 1, 2018, our revenue recognition accounting policies changed in conjunction with the adoption of the new revenue
recognition standard. For further discussion, refer to Note 18—“Revenue” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We derive substantially all of our revenue from production and product management services (collectively referred to as
“manufacturing services”), which encompasses the act of producing tangible products that are built to customer specifications, which are then provided to the customer.  
 We generally enter into manufacturing service contracts with our customers that provide the framework under which business will be conducted
and customer purchase orders will be received for specific quantities and with predominantly fixed pricing. As a result, we consider our contract with a customer to be the combination of the manufacturing service contract and the purchase order, or
any agreements or other similar documents.    The majority of our manufacturing service contracts relate to manufactured products which have
no alternative use and for which we have an enforceable right to payment for the work completed to date. As a result, revenue is recognized over time when or as we transfer control of the promised products or services (known as performance
obligations) to our customers. For certain other contracts with customers that do not meet the over time revenue recognition criteria, transfer of control occurs at a point in time which generally occurs upon delivery and transfer of risk and title
to the customer.    Most of our contracts have a single performance obligation as the promise to transfer the individual manufactured
product or service is capable of being distinct and is distinct within the context of the contract. For the majority of customers, performance obligations are satisfied over time based on the continuous transfer of control as manufacturing services
are performed and are generally completed in less than one year.    We also derive revenue to a lesser extent from electronic design
services to certain customers. Revenue from electronic design services is generally recognized over time as the services are performed.  
 For our over time customers, we believe the measure of progress which best depicts the transfer of control is based on costs incurred to date,
relative to total estimated cost at completion (i.e., an input method). This method is a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods or services because it results in the recognition of revenue on the basis of our
 to-date  efforts in the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected efforts in the satisfaction of the performance obligation. We believe that the use of an input method best depicts
the transfer of control to the customer, which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. The transaction price of each performance obligation is generally based upon the contractual stand-alone selling price of the product or service.  
 Certain contracts with customers include variable consideration, such as rebates, discounts, or returns. We recognize estimates of this
variable consideration that are not expected to result in a significant revenue reversal in the future, primarily based on the most likely level of consideration to be paid to the customer under the specific terms of the underlying programs.  
      30  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts related to receivables not expected to be collected from our customers. This allowance is based
on management’s assessment of specific customer balances after considering the age of receivables and financial stability of the customer. If there is an adverse change in the financial condition and circumstances of our customers, or if actual
defaults are higher than provided for, an addition to the allowance may be necessary.    Inventory Valuation  
 We purchase inventory based on forecasted demand and record inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Management regularly
assesses inventory valuation based on current and forecasted usage, customer inventory-related contractual obligations and other lower of cost and net realizable value considerations. If actual market conditions or our customers’ product
demands are less favorable than those projected, additional valuation adjustments may be necessary.    Long-Lived Assets  
 We review property, plant and equipment and amortizable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of property, plant and equipment is measured by comparing its carrying value to the undiscounted projected cash flows that the asset(s) or asset group(s) are expected to
generate. If the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its respective fair value, which is generally
determined as either the present value of estimated future cash flows or the appraised value. The impairment analysis is based on significant assumptions of future results made by management, including revenue and cash flow projections.
Circumstances that may lead to impairment of property, plant and equipment include unforeseen decreases in future performance or industry demand and the restructuring of our operations resulting from a change in our business strategy or adverse
economic conditions.    We have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, in connection with business acquisitions. Estimated useful
lives of amortizable intangible assets are determined by management based on an assessment of the period over which the asset is expected to contribute to future cash flows. The fair value of acquired amortizable intangible assets impacts the
amounts recorded as goodwill.    We perform a goodwill impairment analysis using the  two-step  method
on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The recoverability of goodwill is measured at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit’s carrying
amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. We determine the fair value of our reporting units based on an average weighting of both projected discounted future results and the use of comparative market multiples. If the
carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and a second test is performed to measure the amount of loss, if any.  
 We perform an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment analysis on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the fair value. We determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets
principally based on a variation of the income approach, known as the relief from royalty method. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, the indefinite-lived intangible asset is considered impaired.
   We completed our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019
and determined that the fair values of our reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets are in excess of the carrying values and that no impairment existed as of the date of the impairment test. Significant judgments inherent in this
analysis included assumptions regarding appropriate revenue and operating income growth rates, discount rates and royalty rates.    Income Taxes  
 We estimate our income tax provision in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, a process that includes estimating exposures related to
examinations by taxing authorities. We must also make judgments regarding the ability to realize deferred tax assets. The carrying value of our net deferred tax assets is based on our belief that it is more likely than not that we will generate
sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions to realize these deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance has been established for deferred tax assets that we do not believe meet the “more likely than not” criteria. We assess
whether an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return meets the threshold for recognition and measurement in the  
      31  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Consolidated Financial Statements. Our judgments regarding future taxable income as well as tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return may change due to changes in market
conditions, changes in tax laws or other factors. If our assumptions and consequently our estimates change in the future, the valuation allowances and/or tax reserves established may be increased or decreased, resulting in a respective increase or
decrease in income tax expense. For further discussion related to our income taxes, refer to Note 4 — “Income Taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements    See
Note 17 – “New Accounting Guidance” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting guidance.    Results of
Operations    Refer to Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
section contained in our Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 for the results of operations discussion for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 compared to the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2017.    Net Revenue  
 Generally, we assess revenue on a global customer basis regardless of whether the growth is associated with organic growth or as a result of an
acquisition. Accordingly, we do not differentiate or separately report revenue increases generated by acquisitions as opposed to existing business. In addition, the added cost structures associated with our acquisitions have historically been
relatively insignificant when compared to our overall cost structure.    The distribution of revenue across our segments has fluctuated, and
will continue to fluctuate, as a result of numerous factors, including the following: fluctuations in customer demand; efforts to diversify certain portions of our business; business growth from new and existing customers; specific product
performance; and any potential termination, or substantial winding down, of significant customer relationships.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 25,282.3 
   
    
 $ 
 22,095.4 
   
    
 $ 
 19,063.1 
   
    
   
 14.4 
 %  
   
   
 15.9 
 %  
   2019 vs. 2018  
 Net revenue increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018. Specifically,
the EMS segment revenues increased 26% primarily due to (i) a 10% increase in revenues from new customers within our cloud business, (ii) an 8% increase in revenues from existing customers within our industrial and energy business,
(iii) a 6% increase in revenues from existing customers within our networking and telecommunications business, (iv) a 5% increase in revenues from existing customers within our print and retail business and (v) a 1% increase in
revenues spread across various industries within the EMS segment. The increase is partially offset by a 4% decrease from existing customers within our computing and storage business and our capital equipment business, which we expect to remain weak
into the second half of calendar year 2020. DMS segment revenues remained consistent due to a 7% increase in revenues from new and existing customers in our healthcare and packaging businesses. The increase is offset by a 7% decrease in revenue from
customers within our mobility business as a result of decreased end user product demand.    Effective September 1, 2018, our revenue
recognition accounting policies changed in conjunction with the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. Subsequent to adoption, we recognize revenue over time as manufacturing services are performed for the majority of our contracts with
customers, which results in revenue being recognized earlier than under the previous guidance. Revenue for all other contracts with customers will be recognized at a point in time, upon transfer of control of the product to the customer, which is
effectively no change to our historical accounting. For further discussion of the new revenue recognition standard, refer to Note 18—“Revenue” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      32  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, revenue by segment expressed as a
percentage of net revenue:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   EMS 
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 56 
 %  
   
   
 58 
 %  
 
   DMS 
    
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 44 
 %  
   
   
 42 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, foreign source revenue expressed as a percentage of
net revenue:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Foreign source revenue 
    
   
 87.7 
 %  
   
   
 91.7 
 %  
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   Gross Profit      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Gross profit 
    
 $ 
 1,913.4 
   
   
 $ 
 1,706.8 
   
   
 $ 
 1,545.6 
   
 
   Percent of net revenue 
    
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   2019 vs. 2018  
 For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, gross profit for our DMS segment increased as a percentage of net revenue due to improved
profitability across the various businesses. This increase was offset by a decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net revenue in our EMS segment due to continued weakness in the capital equipment business and ramp costs associated with new
business awards. As a result, gross profit remained relatively consistent as a percentage of net revenue during the fiscal year end August 31, 2019, compared to the fiscal year end August 31, 2018.  
 Selling, General and Administrative      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
    
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Selling, general and administrative 
    
 $ 
 1,111.3 
   
    
 $ 
 1,050.7 
   
    
 $ 
 907.7 
   
    
 $ 
 60.6 
   
    
 $ 
 143.0 
   
   2019 vs. 2018  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2018. The increase is predominantly due to (i) a $48.4 million increase in salary and salary related expenses and other costs primarily to support new business growth and development and our strategic collaboration with a
healthcare company and (ii) a $44.6 million increase in acquisition and integration charges related to our strategic collaboration with a healthcare company. The increase is partially offset by an additional $32.4 million of
stock-based compensation expense recognized during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 as a result of the  one-time  modification of certain performance-based restricted stock unit awards and a  one-time  cash-settled award.    Research and Development  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Research and development 
    
 $ 
 42.9 
   
   
 $ 
 38.5 
   
   
 $ 
 29.7 
   
 
   Percent of net revenue 
    
   
 0.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.2 
 %  
 
      33  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2019 vs. 2018  
 Research and development expenses remained consistent as a percent of net revenue during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared
to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018.    Amortization of Intangibles  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
 $ 
 31.9 
   
    
 $ 
 38.5 
   
    
 $ 
 35.5 
   
    
 $ 
 (6.6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3.0 
   
   2019 vs. 2018  
 Amortization of intangibles decreased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018
primarily due to intangible assets related to the Nypro acquisition, which were fully amortized during fiscal year 2018.    In the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2019, we made a strategic decision that the indefinite-lived trade name of $72.5 million acquired during the acquisition of Nypro would be phased out over the next four years. In connection with a strategic shift to
further diversify our portfolio, focus on innovation and technology within our healthcare business and as a result of the strategic collaboration with a certain medical device company, we decided to implement a rebranding initiative to Jabil
Healthcare. Management believes the name change better leverages the Jabil brand and the full range of services available to our customers.  
 As a result of our decision to rebrand, we determined the indefinite-lived trade name should no longer be classified as an indefinite-lived
intangible asset. As such, this trade name was assigned a four-year estimated useful life and will be amortized on an accelerated basis. See Note 6 – “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further discussion.    Restructuring and Related Charges  
 Following is a summary of our restructuring and related charges:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
    
 2017 (2) 
   


 
   Employee severance and benefit costs 
    
 $ 
 16.0 
   
   
 $ 
 16.3 
   
    
 $ 
 56.8 
   
 
   Lease costs 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1.6 
   
    
   
 4.0 
   
 
   Asset  write-off  costs 
    
   
 (3.6 
 )  
   
   
 16.2 
   
    
   
 94.3 
   
 
   Other costs 
    
   
 13.5 
   
   
   
 2.8 
   
    
   
 5.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total restructuring and related
charges (1) 
    
 $ 
 25.9 
   
   
 $ 
 36.9 
   
    
 $ 
 160.4 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes $21.5 million, $16.3 million and $51.3 million recorded in the EMS segment,
$2.6 million, $16.6 million and $82.4 million recorded in the DMS segment and $1.8 million, $4.0 million and $26.7 million of  non-allocated  charges for the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Except for asset  write-off  costs, all restructuring and related charges are cash settled.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, includes expenses related to the 2017 and 2013 Restructuring Plans.
   2017 Restructuring Plan  
 On September 15, 2016, our Board of Directors formally approved a restructuring plan to better align our global capacity and
administrative support infrastructure to further optimize organizational effectiveness. This action included headcount reductions across our selling, general and administrative cost base and capacity realignment in higher cost locations (the
“2017 Restructuring Plan”).    The 2017 Restructuring Plan, totaling $195.0 million in restructuring and related costs, is
complete as of August 31, 2019.  
      34  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2020 Restructuring Plan  
 On September 20, 2019, our Board of Directors formally approved a restructuring plan to realign our global capacity support
infrastructure, particularly in our mobility footprint in China, in order to optimize organizational effectiveness. This action includes headcount reductions and capacity realignment (the “2020 Restructuring Plan”). The 2020 Restructuring
Plan reflects our intention only and restructuring decisions, and the timing of such decisions, at certain locations are still subject to consultation with our employees and their representatives.  
 We currently expect to recognize approximately $85.0 million in  pre-tax  restructuring and other
related costs primarily over the course of our fiscal year 2020. The charges relating to the 2020 Restructuring Plan are currently expected to result in cash expenditures in the range of approximately $30.0 million to $40.0 million that
will be payable over the course of our fiscal years 2020 and 2021. The exact timing of these charges and cash outflows, as well as the estimated cost ranges by category type, have not been finalized. This information will be subject to the
finalization of timetables for the transition of functions, consultation with employees and their representatives as well as the statutory severance requirements of the particular jurisdictions impacted, and the amount and timing of the actual
charges may vary due to a variety of factors. Our estimates for the charges discussed above exclude any potential income tax effects.    See
Note 14 – “Restructuring and Related Charges” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of restructuring and related charges for the 2017 and 2020 Restructuring Plans.  
 Restructuring of Securities      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
    
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Restructuring of securities loss 
    
 $ 
 29.6 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 29.6 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   2019 vs. 2018  
 Restructuring of securities loss increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31,
2018, due to the exchange of preferred stock of iQor Holdings, Inc. (“iQor”) during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 in association with iQor’s previously announced sale of its international logistics and product service assets.
As a result of the restructuring, the Company recognized a restructuring of securities loss, which primarily consisted of a credit loss. See Note 16 – “Fair Value Measurements” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
discussion.    Other Expense      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
    
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Other expense 
    
 $ 
 53.8 
   
    
 $ 
 37.6 
   
    
 $ 
 28.4 
   
    
 $ 
 16.2 
   
    
 $ 
 9.2 
   
   2019 vs. 2018  
 Other expense increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, primarily due
to: (i) $23.8 million related to an increase in fees associated with the utilization of the trade accounts receivable sales programs and additional fees incurred for the amendment of the foreign asset-backed securitization program and the new
North American asset-backed securitization program. The increase was partially offset by (i) $5.0 million of other expense and (ii) $2.6 million of costs incurred during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, as a result of the early
redemption of the 8.250% Senior Notes due 2018.    Interest Income      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
    
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 21.5 
   
    
 $ 
 17.8 
   
    
 $ 
 12.5 
   
    
 $ 
 3.7 
   
    
 $ 
 5.3 
   
 
      35  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2019 vs. 2018  
 Interest income increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 due to
increased cash equivalents (investments that are readily convertible to cash with maturity dates of 90 days or less).    Interest Expense  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
    
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Interest expense 
    
 $ 
 188.7 
   
    
 $ 
 149.0 
   
    
 $ 
 138.1 
   
    
 $ 
 39.7 
   
    
 $ 
 10.9 
   
   2019 vs. 2018  
 Interest expense increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, due to
additional borrowings on our credit facilities and higher interest rates. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, additional borrowings were driven by the timing and scale of our ongoing new business ramps.  
 Income Tax Expense      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
   
 Change 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2019 vs. 2018 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   


 
   Effective income tax rate 
    
   
 35.8 
 %  
   
   
 76.6 
 %  
   
   
 50.4 
 %  
   
   
 (40.8 
 )%  
   
   
 26.2 
 %  
   2019 vs. 2018  
 The effective income tax rate decreased for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018,
primarily due to: (i) $142.3 million of tax expense from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“Tax Act”) for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, (ii) $19.1 million of tax benefit for the fiscal year ended August 31,
2019 related to Tax Act adjustments and (iii) $17.5 million of tax benefit for the reversal of a U.S. valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. The decrease was partially offset by $16.1 million of tax benefit
from the lapse of statute in a  non-U.S.  jurisdiction and $14.8 million of tax benefit related to the release of stranded tax effects previously classified as accumulated other comprehensive income
(“AOCI”) for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018. Refer to Note 4 – “Income Taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Tax Act.  
      36  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Non-GAAP  (Core) Financial Measures  
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations include certain
 non-GAAP  financial measures as identified in the reconciliation below. The  non-GAAP  financial measures disclosed herein do not have standard meaning and may vary from
the  non-GAAP  financial measures used by other companies or how we may calculate those measures in other instances from time to time.  Non-GAAP  financial measures should
not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Also, our “core” financial measures should not be construed as an inference by us that our future results
will be unaffected by those items that are excluded from our “core” financial measures.    Management believes that the  non-GAAP  “core” financial measures set forth below are useful to facilitate evaluating the past and future performance of our ongoing manufacturing operations over multiple periods on a comparable basis by
excluding the effects of the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and related charges, restructuring and related charges, distressed customer charges, acquisition and integration charges, loss on disposal of subsidiaries,
settlement of receivables and related charges, impairment of notes receivable and related charges, goodwill impairment charges, business interruption and impairment charges, net, other than temporary impairment on securities, restructuring of
securities loss, income (loss) from discontinued operations, gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations and certain other expenses, net of tax and certain deferred tax valuation allowance charges. Among other uses, management uses  non-GAAP  “core” financial measures to make operating decisions, assess business performance and as a factor in determining certain employee performance when evaluating incentive compensation.  
 We determine the tax effect of the items excluded from “core” earnings and “core” diluted earnings per share based upon
evaluation of the statutory tax treatment and the applicable tax rate of the jurisdiction in which the  pre-tax  items were incurred, and for which realization of the resulting tax benefit, if any, is expected.
In certain jurisdictions where we do not expect to realize a tax benefit (due to existing tax incentives or a history of operating losses or other factors resulting in a valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets), a reduced or 0% tax rate
is applied.    We are reporting “core” operating income, “core” earnings and “core” return on invested capital
to provide investors with an additional method for assessing operating income and earnings, by presenting what we believe are our “core” manufacturing operations. A significant portion (based on the respective values) of the items that are
excluded for purposes of calculating “core” operating income and “core” earnings also impacted certain balance sheet assets, resulting in a portion of an asset being written off without a corresponding recovery of cash we may
have previously spent with respect to the asset. In the case of restructuring and related charges, we may make associated cash payments in the future. In addition, although, for purposes of calculating “core” operating income and
“core” earnings, we exclude stock-based compensation expense (which we anticipate continuing to incur in the future) because it is a  non-cash  expense, the associated stock issued may result in an
increase in our outstanding shares of stock, which may result in the dilution of our stockholders’ ownership interest. We encourage you to consider these matters when evaluating the utility of these
 non-GAAP  financial measures.  
      37  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Included in the tables below are a reconciliation of the
 non-GAAP  financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures as provided in our Consolidated Financial Statements:  
 Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP Financial Results to  Non-GAAP  Measures  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
 (in thousands, except for per share data) 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Operating income (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 701,356 
   
   
 $ 
 542,153 
   
    
 $ 
 410,230 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 31,923 
   
   
   
 38,490 
   
    
   
 35,524 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation expense and related charges 
    
   
 61,346 
   
   
   
 98,511 
   
    
   
 48,544 
   
 
   Restructuring and related charges 
    
   
 25,914 
   
   
   
 36,902 
   
    
   
 160,395 
   
 
   Distressed customer charges (1) 
    
   
 6,235 
   
   
   
 32,710 
   
    
   
 10,198 
   
 
   Business interruption and impairment charges,
net (2) 
    
   
 (2,860 
 )  
   
   
 11,299 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Acquisition and integration
charges (3) 
    
   
 52,697 
   
   
   
 8,082 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,112 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjustments to operating income 
    
   
 175,255 
   
   
   
 225,994 
   
    
   
 256,773 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Core operating income  (Non-GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 876,611 
   
   
 $ 
 768,147 
   
    
 $ 
 667,003 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 287,111 
   
   
 $ 
 86,330 
   
    
 $ 
 129,090 
   
 
   Adjustments to operating income 
    
   
 175,255 
   
   
   
 225,994 
   
    
   
 256,773 
   
 
   Other than temporary impairment on securities 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,539 
   
 
   Restructuring of securities loss (4) 
    
   
 29,632 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Adjustment for taxes (5) 
    
   
 (18,633 
 )  
   
   
 146,206 
   
    
   
 (4,726 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Core earnings  (Non-GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 473,365 
   
   
 $ 
 458,530 
   
    
 $ 
 392,676 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted earnings per share (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 1.81 
   
   
 $ 
 0.49 
   
    
 $ 
 0.69 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted core earnings per share  (Non-GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 2.98 
   
   
 $ 
 2.62 
   
    
 $ 
 2.11 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted weighted average shares outstanding used in the calculation of earnings per share (U.S.
GAAP and  Non-GAAP) 
    
   
 158,647 
   
   
   
 175,044 
   
    
   
 185,838 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Charges during fiscal years 2019 and 2018 relate to inventory and other assets charges for certain distressed
customers in the networking and consumer wearables sectors. Charges during fiscal year 2017 relate to inventory and other assets charges for the disengagement with an energy customer.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Charges, net of insurance proceeds of $2.9 million and $24.9 million, for the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, relate to business interruption and asset impairment costs associated with damage from Hurricane Maria, which impacted our operations in Cayey, Puerto Rico.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Charges related to our strategic collaboration with Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies
(“JJMD”).  
 
 
 (4) 
   Relates to a restructuring of securities loss on available for sale securities during fiscal year 2019. See
Note 16 – “Fair Value Measurements” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  
 
 
 (5) 
   The fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 includes a $13.3 million income tax benefit for the effects of
the Tax Act recorded during the three months ended November 30, 2018. The fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 includes a $142.3 million provisional estimate to account for the effects of the Tax Act.  
      38  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  ROIC & Core ROIC  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
 (in thousands) 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Numerator: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating income (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 701,356 
   
   
 $ 
 542,153 
   
   
 $ 
 410,230 
   
 
   Tax effect  (1) 
    
   
 (183,381 
 )  
   
   
 (300,979 
 )  
   
   
 (137,087 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   After-tax  operating income 
    
   
 517,975 
   
   
   
 241,174 
   
   
   
 273,143 
   
 
 
    
   
 x1 
   
   
   
 x1 
   
   
   
 x1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Annualized  after-tax  operating income 
    
 $ 
 517,975 
   
   
 $ 
 241,174 
   
   
 $ 
 273,143 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Core operating income  (Non-GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 876,611 
   
   
 $ 
 768,147 
   
   
 $ 
 667,003 
   
 
   Tax effect  (2) 
    
   
 (188,722 
 )  
   
   
 (144,261 
 )  
   
   
 (134,930 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   After-tax  core operating income 
    
   
 687,889 
   
   
   
 623,886 
   
   
   
 532,073 
   
 
 
    
   
 x1 
   
   
   
 x1 
   
   
   
 x1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Annualized  after-tax  core operating income 

    
 $ 
 687,889 
   
   
 $ 
 623,886 
   
   
 $ 
 532,073 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Denominator: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Average total Jabil Inc. stockholders’ equity 
(3) 
    
 $ 
 1,918,850 
   
   
 $ 
 2,151,886 
   
   
 $ 
 2,395,843 
   
 
   Average notes payable and long-term debt, less current installments  (3) 
    
   
 2,307,393 
   
   
   
 2,063,047 
   
   
   
 1,853,302 
   
 
   Average current installments of notes payable and long-term debt  (3) 
    
   
 200,189 
   
   
   
 235,348 
   
   
   
 245,654 
   
 
   Average cash and cash equivalents 
(3) 
    
   
 (1,210,646 
 )  
   
   
 (1,223,934 
 )  
   
   
 (1,050,989 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net invested capital base 
    
 $ 
 3,215,786 
   
   
 $ 
 3,226,347 
   
   
 $ 
 3,443,810 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Return on Invested Capital (U.S. GAAP) 
    
   
 16.1 
 %  
   
   
 7.5 
 %  
   
   
 7.9 
 %  
 
   Adjustments noted above 
    
   
 5.3 
 %  
   
   
 11.8 
 %  
   
   
 7.6 
 %  
 
   Core Return on Invested Capital
 (Non-GAAP) 
    
   
 21.4 
 %  
   
   
 19.3 
 %  
   
   
 15.5 
 %  
     
 
 
 (1)   
   The tax effect is calculated by applying the U.S. GAAP effective tax rate for the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 to U.S. GAAP operating income less interest expense.  
 
 
 (2)   
   The tax effect is calculated by applying the core effective tax rate for the fiscal years ended August 31,
2019, 2018 and 2017 to core operating income less interest expense.  
 
 
 (3)   
   The average is based on the addition of the account balance at the end of the most recently-ended fiscal year
to the account balance at the end of the prior fiscal year for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and dividing by two.  
 Quarterly Results (Unaudited)    The
following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly financial information for the 2019 and 2018 fiscal years. In the opinion of management, this information has been presented on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements
appearing elsewhere, and all necessary adjustments (consisting primarily of normal recurring accruals) have been included in the amounts stated below to present fairly the unaudited quarterly results when read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.  
      39  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fiscal Year 2019      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
 (in thousands, except for per share data) 
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 May 31, 2019 
   
    
 February 28, 2019 
   
    
 November 30, 2018 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 6,573,453 
   
    
 $ 
 6,135,602 
   
    
 $ 
 6,066,990 
   
    
 $ 
 6,506,275 
   
 
   Gross profit (4) 
    
   
 495,078 
   
    
   
 443,799 
   
    
   
 454,874 
   
    
   
 519,650 
   
 
   Operating income (1)(4) 
    
   
 189,745 
   
    
   
 140,918 
   
    
   
 153,983 
   
    
   
 216,710 
   
 
   Net income (2)(3)(4) 
    
   
 53,761 
   
    
   
 44,032 
   
    
   
 67,607 
   
    
   
 124,074 
   
 
   Net income attributable to Jabil
Inc. (2)(3)(4) 
    
 $ 
 52,675 
   
    
 $ 
 43,482 
   
    
 $ 
 67,354 
   
    
 $ 
 123,600 
   
 
   Earnings per share attributable to the stockholders of Jabil Inc. 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.34 
   
    
 $ 
 0.28 
   
    
 $ 
 0.44 
   
    
 $ 
 0.77 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.34 
   
    
 $ 
 0.28 
   
    
 $ 
 0.43 
   
    
 $ 
 0.76 
   
   Fiscal Year 2018      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
 (in thousands, except for per share data) 
    
 August 31, 2018 
   
   
 May 31, 2018 
   
    
 February 28, 2018 
   
    
 November 30, 2017 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,771,831 
   
   
 $ 
 5,436,952 
   
    
 $ 
 5,301,101 
   
    
 $ 
 5,585,532 
   
 
   Gross profit (4) 
    
   
 442,147 
   
   
   
 398,227 
   
    
   
 397,133 
   
    
   
 469,285 
   
 
   Operating income (1)(4)(5) 
    
   
 153,896 
   
   
   
 112,971 
   
    
   
 129,532 
   
    
   
 145,754 
   
 
   Net (loss) income (2)(4)(5) 
    
   
 (56,608 
 )  
   
   
 42,702 
   
    
   
 37,528 
   
    
   
 63,919 
   
 
   Net (loss) income attributable to Jabil
Inc. (2)(4)(5) 
    
 $ 
 (57,314 
 )  
   
 $ 
 42,541 
   
    
 $ 
 37,308 
   
    
 $ 
 63,795 
   
 
   (Loss) earnings per share attributable to the stockholders of Jabil Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 (0.34 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.25 
   
    
 $ 
 0.21 
   
    
 $ 
 0.36 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 (0.34 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.25 
   
    
 $ 
 0.21 
   
    
 $ 
 0.35 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes acquisition and integration charges related to our strategic collaboration with JJMD of
$17.6 million, $13.4 million, $12.8 million, $8.9 million and $8.1 million for the three months ended August 31, 2019, May 31, 2019, February 28, 2019, November 30, 2018 and August 31, 2018,
respectively.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes ($13.3 million), $111.4 million and $30.9 million of income tax (benefit) expense for the
three months ended November 30, 2018, August 31, 2018 and February 28, 2018, respectively, related to the Tax Act.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Includes a restructuring of securities loss of $29.6 million for the three months ended August 31,
2019.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Includes a distressed customer charge of $6.2 million, $18.0 million and $14.7 million during
the three months ended August 31, 2019, August 31, 2018 and February 28, 2018, respectively.  
 
 
 (5) 
   Includes $32.4 million of stock-based compensation expense for the modification of certain
performance-based restricted stock units and a  one-time  cash settled award during the three months ended November 30, 2017.  
      40  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Acquisitions and Expansion  
 During fiscal year 2018, the Company and JJMD entered into a Framework Agreement to form a strategic collaboration and expand our existing
relationship. The strategic collaboration expands our medical device manufacturing portfolio, diversification and capabilities.    On
February 25, 2019 and April 29, 2019, under the terms of the Framework Agreement, we completed the initial closing and second closing, respectively, of our acquisition of certain assets of JJMD. The preliminary aggregate purchase price
paid for both the initial closing and second closing was approximately $153.2 million in cash, which remains subject to certain post-closing adjustments. The acquisition of the JJMD assets has been accounted for as a business combination using
the acquisition method of accounting. Total assets acquired of $167.6 million and total liabilities assumed of $14.4 million were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition dates. The final closing, which is subject to
customary closing conditions, is expected to occur during fiscal year 2020.    We are currently evaluating the fair values of the assets and
liabilities related to this business combination. The preliminary estimates and measurements are, therefore, subject to change during the measurement period for assets acquired, liabilities assumed and tax adjustments. The results of operations were
included in our consolidated financial results beginning on February 25, 2019 for the initial closing and April 29, 2019 for the second closing. We believe it is impracticable to provide pro forma information for the acquisition of JJMD
assets.    On September 30, 2019 we completed the third closing of our acquisition of certain assets of JJMD for a cash payment of
$117.1 million, primarily for inventory and the assumption of certain employee liabilities. The purchase price for the third closing is subject to certain post-closing adjustments based on conditions within the Framework Agreement.  
 Refer to Note 15 – “Business Acquisitions” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    We
believe that our level of liquidity sources, which includes available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program, additional proceeds available under our asset-backed securitization programs and under our
uncommitted trade accounts receivable sale programs, cash on hand, funds provided by operations and the access to the capital markets, will be adequate to fund our capital expenditures, the payment of any declared quarterly dividends, approved share
repurchase programs, any potential acquisitions and our working capital requirements for the next 12 months. We continue to assess our capital structure and evaluate the merits of redeploying available cash to reduce existing debt or repurchase
common stock.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 As of August 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. As our growth remains predominantly outside of
the United States, a significant portion of such cash and cash equivalents are held by our foreign subsidiaries.    As a result of the Tax
Act and after the  one-time  transition tax on our historically untaxed foreign earnings, the cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries will no longer be subject to U.S. federal income tax
consequences upon subsequent repatriation to the United States. As a result, most of our cash and cash equivalents as of August 31, 2019 could be repatriated to the United States without potential tax consequences.  
      41  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Notes Payable and Credit Facilities  
 Following is a summary of principal debt payments and debt issuance for our notes payable and credit facilities:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (in thousands) 
    
 8.250% Senior Notes (1) 
   
   
 5.625% Senior Notes 
   
    
 4.700% Senior Notes 
   
    
 4.900% Senior Notes 
   
    
 3.950% Senior Notes (1) 
   
   
 Borrowings under revolving credit facilities (2)(3)(4) 
   
   
 Borrowings under loans (2)(3) 
   
   
 Total notes payable and credit facilities 
   


 
   Balance as of August 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 399,506 
   
   
 $ 
 397,104 
   
    
 $ 
 496,696 
   
    
 $ 
 298,571 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 458,395 
   
   
 $ 
 2,050,272 
   
 
   Borrowings 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 498,659 
   
   
   
 8,778,855 
   
   
   
 400,000 
   
   
   
 9,677,514 
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (400,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (8,778,855 
 )  
   
   
 (25,907 
 )  
   
   
 (9,204,762 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 494 
   
   
   
 891 
   
    
   
 654 
   
    
   
 243 
   
    
   
 (4,451 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,156 
 )  
   
   
 (4,325 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2018 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 397,995 
   
    
   
 497,350 
   
    
   
 298,814 
   
    
   
 494,208 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 830,332 
   
   
   
 2,518,699 
   
 
   Borrowings 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,985,978 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,985,978 
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (11,985,259 
 )  
   
   
 (25,134 
 )  
   
   
 (12,010,393 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 891 
   
    
   
 654 
   
    
   
 243 
   
    
   
 617 
   
   
   
 (719 
 )  
   
   
 495 
   
   
   
 2,181 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 398,886 
   
    
 $ 
 498,004 
   
    
 $ 
 299,057 
   
    
 $ 
 494,825 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 805,693 
   
   
 $ 
 2,496,465 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Maturity Date 
    
 Mar 15, 2018 
   
   
 Dec 15, 2020 
   
    
 Sep 15, 2022 
   
    
 Jul 14, 2023 
   
    
 Jan 12, 2028 
   
   
   Nov 8, 
 2022 and Aug 24, 2020 (2)(3) 
   
   
   Nov 8, 
 2022 and Aug 24, 2020 (2)(3) 
   
   
   
   
 
   Original Facility/ Maximum Capacity 
    
 $   
 400.0 million 
     
   
 $   
 400.0 million 
     
    
 $   
 500.0 million 
     
    
 $   
 300.0 million 
     
    
 $   
 500.0 million 
     
   
 $     
 2.6       
 billion (2)(3) 
       
   
 $     
 851.7       
 million (2)(3) 
       
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
   During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, we issued $500.0 million of publicly registered 3.950%
Senior Notes due 2028 (the “3.950% Senior Notes”). The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes, including to redeem $400.0 million of our outstanding 8.250% Senior Notes due 2018 and pay related costs
and a “make-whole” premium.  
 
 
 (2) 
   On November 8, 2017, we entered into an amended and restated senior unsecured five-year credit agreement
to support the continued growth of the business. In addition, the revolving credit facility supports commercial paper outstanding, if any. The credit agreement provides for: (i) a Revolving Credit Facility in the initial amount of
$1.8 billion, which may, subject to the lenders’ discretion, be increased to $2.3 billion (“the 2017 Revolving Credit Facility”) and (ii) a $500.0 million Term Loan Facility (“the 2017 Term Loan
Facility”), collectively “the 2017 Credit Facility.” The 2017 Credit Facility expires on November 8, 2022. The 2017 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to two whole or partial  one-year 
extensions, at the lenders’ discretion. Interest and fees on the 2017 Credit Facility advances are based on the Company’s  non-credit  enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt rating as determined by
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, Moody’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings.  
 
 
 (3) 
   On August 24, 2018, the Company entered into a senior unsecured
 two-year  credit agreement to support the continued growth of the business. The credit agreement provides for: (i) a Revolving Credit Facility in the initial amount of $150.0 million (“the 2018
Revolving Credit Facility”) and (ii) a $350.0 million Term Loan Facility (“the 2018 Term Loan Facility”), collectively “the 2018 Credit Facility.” The 2018 Credit Facility expires on August 24, 2020.
   The interest rates on the 2017 Revolving Credit Facility borrowings ranged from 3.1% to 5.7% and the 2017 Term Loan
Facility ranged from 3.5% to 3.9% during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. The interest rate on the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility borrowings ranged from 3.1% to 3.4% and the 2018 Term Loan Facility ranged from 3.3% to 3.8% during the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2019.    Additionally, our foreign subsidiaries have various additional credit facilities that finance
their future growth and any corresponding working capital needs.  
 
 
 (4) 
   On August 15, 2019, we entered into a commercial paper program with a borrowing capacity of up to
$1.8 billion. We intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper to support more efficient financing terms. The revolving credit facility supports commercial paper outstanding, if any. As of August 31, 2019, no commercial paper
had been issued.    In the ordinary course of business, we have letters of credit and surety bonds with banks and
insurance companies outstanding of $119.1 million as of August 31, 2019. Unused letters of credit were $74.7 million as of August 31, 2019. Letters of credit and surety bonds are generally available for draw down in the event we
do not perform.  
      42  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We have a shelf registration statement with the SEC registering the potential sale of an
indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities in the future to augment our liquidity and capital resources.    Our Senior Notes and our
2017 and 2018 Credit Facilities contain various financial and nonfinancial covenants. A violation of these covenants could negatively impact our liquidity by restricting our ability to borrow under the notes payable and credit facilities and
potentially causing acceleration of amounts due under these notes payable and credit facilities. As of August 31, 2019 and 2018, we were in compliance with all covenants under our Senior Notes and the 2017 and 2018 Credit Facilities. Refer to
Note 8 – “Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.    Asset-Backed
Securitization and Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs    Asset-Backed Securitization Programs  
 We continuously sell designated pools of trade accounts receivable, at a discount, under our foreign asset-backed securitization program to a
special purpose entity, which in turn sells certain of the receivables to an unaffiliated financial institution and a conduit administered by an unaffiliated financial institution on a monthly basis. Effective October 1, 2018, the foreign
asset-backed securitization program terms were amended and the program was extended to September 30, 2021. In connection with this amendment, there is no longer a deferred purchase price receivable for the foreign asset-backed securitization
program as the entire purchase price is paid in cash when the receivables are sold.    As of October 1, 2018, approximately
$734.2 million of accounts receivable sold under the foreign asset-backed securitization program was exchanged for the outstanding deferred purchase price receivable of $335.5 million. The remaining amount due to the financial institution
of $398.7 million was subsequently settled for $25.2 million of cash and $373.5 million of trade accounts receivable sold to the financial institution. Prior to the amendment, any portion of the purchase price for the receivables not
paid in cash upon the sale occurring was recorded as a deferred purchase price receivable, which was paid from available cash as payments on the receivables were collected. The amended foreign asset-backed securitization program contains a guarantee
of payment by the special purpose entity, in an amount equal to approximately the net cash proceeds under the program. No liability has been recorded for obligations under the guarantee as of August 31, 2019.  
 The North American asset-backed securitization program was terminated on October 9, 2018 and as of this date approximately
$500.0 million of accounts receivable sold under the program was exchanged for the outstanding deferred purchase price receivable of $300.0 million and $200.0 million of cash. The previously sold trade accounts receivable were
recorded at fair market value.    On November 27, 2018, we entered into a new North American asset-backed securitization program. We
continuously sell designated pools of trade accounts receivable, at a discount, under our new North American asset-backed securitization program to a special purpose entity, which in turn sells certain of the receivables to conduits
administered by unaffiliated financial institutions on a monthly basis. There is no longer a deferred purchase price receivable for the North American asset-backed securitization program as the entire purchase price is paid in cash when the
receivables are sold. Additionally, certain unsold receivables covering the maximum amount of net cash proceeds available under the program are pledged as collateral to the unaffiliated financial institution as of August 31, 2019.  
 Following is a summary of our asset-backed securitization programs and key terms:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Maximum Amount of Net Cash Proceeds (in 
millions) (1) 
   
    
 Expiration Date 
   


 
   North American 
    
 $ 
 390.0 
   
    
   
 November 22, 2021 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
 $ 
 400.0 
   
    
   
 September 30, 2021 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Maximum amount available at any one time.  
 In connection with our asset-backed securitization programs, during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, we sold $4.1 billion of
trade accounts receivable and we received cash proceeds of $4.0 billion. As of August 31, 2019, we had up to $27.8 million in available liquidity under our asset-backed securitization programs.  
 Our asset-backed securitization programs contain various financial and nonfinancial covenants. As of August 31, 2019 and 2018, we were in
compliance with all covenants under our asset-backed securitization programs. Refer to Note 2 – “Trade Accounts Receivable Securitization and Sale Programs” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on the programs.
 
      43  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs  
 Following is a summary of the trade accounts receivable sale programs with unaffiliated financial institutions. Under the programs we may elect
to sell receivables and the unaffiliated financial institutions may elect to purchase, at a discount, on an ongoing basis:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Program 
    
 Maximum Amount (in millions) (1) 
   
   
 Type of Facility 
   
    
 Expiration Date 
   


 
   A 
    
 $ 
 800.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 August 31, 2022  
 (2)   
 
   B 
    
 $ 
 150.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 November 30, 2019  
 (3)   
 
   C 
    
   
 800.0 
  CNY  
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 June 30, 2020 
   
 
   D 
    
 $ 
 100.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 May 4, 2023  
 (4)   
 
   E 
    
 $ 
 50.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 August 25, 2020 
   
 
   F 
    
 $ 
 150.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 January 25, 2020  
 (5)   
 
   G 
    
 $ 
 50.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 February 23, 2023  
 (2)   
 
   H 
    
 $ 
 100.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 August 10, 2020  
 (6)   
 
   I 
    
 $ 
 100.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 July 21, 2020  
 (7)   
 
   J 
    
 $ 
 740.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 February 28, 2020  
 (8)   
 
   K 
    
 $ 
 110.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 April 11, 2020  
 (9)   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Maximum amount available at any one time.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon 15 days prior notice.  
 
 
 (3) 
   The program will automatically extend for one year at each expiration date unless either party provides 10 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon 30 days prior notice.  
 
 
 (5) 
   The program will be automatically extended through January 25, 2023 unless either party provides 30 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (6) 
   The program will be automatically extended through August 10, 2023 unless either party provides 30 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (7) 
   The program will be automatically extended through August 21, 2023 unless either party provides 30 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (8) 
   The program will be automatically extended through February 28, 2024 unless either party provides 90 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (9) 
   The program will be automatically extended each year through April 11, 2025 unless either party provides
30 days notice of termination.    During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, we sold $6.8 billion of trade
accounts receivable under these programs and we received cash proceeds of $6.7 billion. As of August 31, 2019, we had up to $1.5 billion in available liquidity under our trade accounts receivable sale programs.  
 Capital Expenditures    For fiscal
year 2020, we anticipate our net capital expenditures will be approximately $800.0 million. Our capital expenditures will support ongoing maintenance in our DMS and EMS segments and investments in new markets. The amount of actual capital
expenditures may be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, among other things.  
      44  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Cash Flows  
 The following table sets forth selected consolidated cash flow information (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
    
 $ 
 1,193,066 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,105,448 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,464,085 
 )  
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
    
   
 (872,454 
 )  
   
   
 1,240,914 
   
   
   
 2,141,263 
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (415,772 
 )  
   
   
 (47,044 
 )  
   
   
 (404,546 
 )  
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 554 
   
   
   
 (20,392 
 )  
   
   
 5,228 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 (94,606 
 )  
   
 $ 
 68,030 
   
   
 $ 
 277,860 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Operating Activities  
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 was primarily due to increased accounts payable,
accrued expenses and other liabilities, decreased inventories and  non-cash  expenses, partially offset by increased contract assets and accounts receivable. The increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses
and other liabilities is primarily due to the timing of collections on accounts receivable sold under the securitization programs and the timing of purchases and cash payments. The decrease in inventories is primarily due to the adoption of ASU  2014-09  and the reclassification to contract assets for revenue recognized for over time customers, partially offset by an increase in inventories to support expected sales levels in the first quarter of fiscal year
2020. The increase in contract assets is due to the adoption of ASU  2014-09  and the timing of revenue recognition for over time customers. The increase in accounts receivable is primarily driven by the amended
and new securitization programs and higher sales and timing of collections.    Investing Activities  
 Net cash used in investing activities during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 consisted primarily of capital expenditures principally
to support ongoing business in the DMS and EMS segments and expenditures for assets acquired in connection with the initial and second closings of the acquisition of certain assets of JJMD, partially offset by proceeds and advances from the sale of
property, plant and equipment and cash receipts on sold receivables under the asset-backed securitization programs.    Financing Activities  
 Net cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 was primarily due to: (i) payments for debt
agreements, (ii) the repurchase of our common stock, (iii) dividend payments and (iv) treasury stock minimum tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock. Net cash used in financing activities was partially offset by:
(i) borrowings under debt agreements and (ii) net proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan.  
 Dividends and Share Repurchases  
 Following is a summary of the dividends and share repurchases for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016 (in
thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Dividends Paid (1) 
   
    
 Share Repurchases (2) 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Fiscal year 2016 
    
 $ 
 62,436 
   
    
 $ 
 148,185 
   
    
 $ 
 210,621 
   
 
   Fiscal year 2017 
    
 $ 
 59,959 
   
    
 $ 
 306,397 
   
    
 $ 
 366,356 
   
 
   Fiscal year 2018 
    
 $ 
 57,833 
   
    
 $ 
 450,000 
   
    
 $ 
 507,833 
   
 
   Fiscal year 2019 
    
 $ 
 52,004 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 402,004 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 232,232 
   
    
 $ 
 1,254,582 
   
    
 $ 
 1,486,814 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The difference between dividends declared and dividends paid is due to dividend equivalents for unvested
restricted stock units that are paid at the time the awards vest.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Excludes commissions.  
 We currently expect to continue to declare and pay regular quarterly dividends of an amount similar to our past declarations. However, the
declaration and payment of future dividends are discretionary and will be subject to determination by our Board each quarter following its review of our financial performance.  
      45  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In June 2018, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $350.0 million of our common
stock. As of August 31, 2019, the total amount authorized by the Board of Directors had been repurchased.    In September 2019, the
Board authorized the repurchase of up to $600.0 million of our common stock as part of a  two-year  capital allocation framework. From September 24, 2019 through October 14, 2019, we repurchased
874,475 shares, utilizing a total of $30.8 million of the $600.0 million authorized by the Board.    Contractual Obligations  
 Our contractual obligations as of August 31, 2019 are summarized below. As disclosed below, while we have certain  non-cancelable  purchase order obligations for property, plant and equipment, we generally do not enter into  non-cancelable  purchase orders for materials until we receive a
corresponding purchase commitment from our customer.  Non-cancelable  purchase orders do not typically extend beyond the normal lead time of several weeks, at most. Purchase orders beyond this time frame are
typically cancelable.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments due by period (in thousands) 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1-3  years 
   
    
 3-5  years 
   
    
 After 5 years 
   


 
   Notes payable and long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 2,496,465 
   
    
 $ 
 375,181 
   
    
 $ 
 491,655 
   
    
 $ 
 1,134,733 
   
    
 $ 
 494,896 
   
 
   Future interest on notes payable and long-term
debt (1) 
    
   
 373,762 
   
    
   
 109,506 
   
    
   
 142,082 
   
    
   
 55,463 
   
    
   
 66,711 
   
 
   Operating lease obligations 
    
   
 603,185 
   
    
   
 118,312 
   
    
   
 187,644 
   
    
   
 114,297 
   
    
   
 182,932 
   
 
   Capital lease obligations 
    
   
 77,829 
   
    
   
 6,038 
   
    
   
 11,726 
   
    
   
 10,928 
   
    
   
 49,137 
   
 
   Non-cancelable  purchase order obligations (2) 
    
   
 351,230 
   
    
   
 289,516 
   
    
   
 61,537 
   
    
   
 177 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Pension and postretirement contributions and
payments (3) 
    
   
 14,618 
   
    
   
 1,135 
   
    
   
 1,904 
   
    
   
 2,396 
   
    
   
 9,183 
   
 
   Other (4) 
    
   
 77,669 
   
    
   
 17,922 
   
    
   
 27,863 
   
    
   
 14,214 
   
    
   
 17,670 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total contractual obligations (5) 
    
 $ 
 3,994,758 
   
    
 $ 
 917,610 
   
    
 $ 
 924,411 
   
    
 $ 
 1,332,208 
   
    
 $ 
 820,529 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Consists of interest on notes payable and long-term debt outstanding as of August 31, 2019. Certain of our
notes payable and long-term debt pay interest at variable rates. We have applied estimated interest rates to determine the value of these expected future interest payments.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Consists of purchase commitments entered into as of August 31, 2019 primarily for property, plant and
equipment and software pursuant to legally enforceable and binding agreements.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Includes the estimated company contributions to funded pension plans during fiscal year 2020 and the expected
benefit payments for unfunded pension and postretirement plans from fiscal years 2020 through 2029. These future payments are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets but will be recorded as incurred.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Includes (i) a $28.5 million capital commitment, (ii) a $16.2 million obligation related to
a new human resource system and (iii) $33.0 million related to the  one-time  transition tax as a result of the Tax Act that will be paid in annual installments through fiscal year 2026.
 
 
 
 (5) 
   As of August 31, 2019, we have $1.5 million and $103.7 million recorded as a current and a
long-term liability, respectively, for uncertain tax positions. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of payments, or the amount by which our liability for these uncertain tax positions will increase or decrease over time, and
accordingly, this liability has been excluded from the above table.  
      46  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
   Foreign Currency Exchange Risks  
 We transact business in various foreign countries and are, therefore, subject to risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We enter
into forward contracts to economically hedge transactional exposure associated with commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, intercompany transactions and fixed purchase obligations denominated in a currency other
than the functional currency of the respective operating entity. We do not, and do not intend to use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. All derivative instruments are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at
their respective fair values.    The forward contracts (both those that are designated and not designated as accounting hedging instruments)
will generally expire in less than three months, with 12 months being the maximum term of the contracts outstanding as of August 31, 2019. The change in fair value related to contracts designated as accounting hedging instruments is initially
reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassified to the revenue or expense line in which the underlying transaction occurs within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The change in fair value related to contracts not designated as
accounting hedging instruments will be reflected in cost of revenue within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The forward contracts are primarily denominated in Chinese yuan renminbi, Euros and Mexican pesos.  
 Based on our overall currency rate exposures as of August 31, 2019, including the derivative financial instruments intended to hedge the
nonfunctional currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, an immediate 10% hypothetical change of foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 13 —
“Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.    Interest Rate
Risk    Our exposure to market risk includes changes in interest rates that could affect the Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated
Statement of Operations, and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily on variable rate borrowings under the 2017 Credit Facility and 2018 Credit Facility. There were $804.9 million in borrowings
outstanding under debt facilities with variable interest rates as of August 31, 2019. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” and
Note 8 — “Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our outstanding debt obligations.  
 To manage our exposure to market risk, we use derivative financial instruments when deemed appropriate. In connection with our variable
interest rate debt, we have interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of $200.0 million and $350.0 million, which expire on August 31, 2020 and August 24, 2020, respectively. See Note 13 — “Derivative
Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our interest rate swap transactions. We do not, and do not intend to, use derivative financial instruments for
speculative or trading purposes.    We utilize valuation models to estimate the effects of sudden interest rate changes. The impact of a
hypothetical change of 10.0% in variable interest rates would result in an increase or decrease in interest expense of approximately $4.2 million for fiscal year 2020.  
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
 Certain information required by this item is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Report under the heading “Quarterly Results”
and is incorporated into this item by reference. All other information required by this item is included in Item 15 of Part IV of this Report and is incorporated into this item by reference.  
      47  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure    There have been no changes in or disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure.  
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We carried out an evaluation required by  Rules 13a-15  and
 15d-15  under the Exchange Act (the “Evaluation”), under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in  Rules 13a-15  and  15d-15  under the Exchange Act as of August 31, 2019. Based on the
Evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our senior management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
   (b) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019. Management’s report on internal
control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019 is incorporated herein at Item 15. Ernst & Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019, which is incorporated herein at Item 15.    Our management, including our CEO and
CFO, does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls may be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the
control.    The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and
there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations on the effectiveness of controls, we have reached the conclusions set forth in Management’s
report on internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019.    The SEC’s general guidance permits the exclusion of
an assessment of the effectiveness of a registrant’s controls and procedures as they relate to its internal control over financial reporting for an acquired business during the first year following such acquisition if, among other circumstances
and factors, there is not an adequate amount of time between the acquisition date and the date of assessment. On February 25, 2019 and April 29, 2019, we completed the initial closing and second closing, respectively, of our acquisition of
certain assets of Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies (“JJMD”). In accordance with the SEC guidance, the scope of our evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019 did not include the
internal control over financial reporting of these acquired operations. Assets acquired from JJMD represent 1.8% of our total consolidated assets at August 31, 2019. Net revenue generated by JJMD subsequent to the dates of acquisition
represents 1.3% of our consolidated net revenue for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. We continue to evaluate internal controls over financial reporting for these acquired operations. From the acquisition dates to August 31, 2019, the
processes and systems of the acquired operations did not significantly impact our internal control over financial reporting.    (c) Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting    For our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2019, we did not identify any modifications to our
internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      48  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 9B. Other Information  
 None.  
      49  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART III  
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
 Information regarding our executive officers is included in Item 1 of Part I of this Report under the heading “Information about our
Executive Officers.”    The other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the
captions “Election of Directors”, “Beneficial Ownership – Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” and “Corporate Governance” and “Board of Directors” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended August 
31, 2019 (“Proxy Statement”).    Item 11. Executive Compensation  
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Compensation Matters
– Compensation Discussion and Analysis”, “Board of Directors – Director Compensation”, “Corporate Governance – Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in our Proxy Statement.  
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Beneficial Ownership
– Share Ownership by Principal Stockholders and Management” and “Compensation Matters – Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement.  
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Corporate Governance
– Related Party Transactions – Certain Related Party Transactions”, “Corporate Governance –Determinations of Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement.  
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Audit Committee
Matters – Principal Accounting Fees and Services”, “– Policy on Audit Committee  Pre-Approval  of Audit, Audit-Related and Permissible  Non-Audit 
Services” and ”– Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement.  
      50  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART IV  
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
   
 
 
   
 (a) 
   The following documents are filed as part of this Report:  
   
 
 
 1 
   Financial Statements.  Our consolidated financial statements, and related notes thereto, with the
independent registered public accounting firm reports thereon are included in Part IV of this report on the pages indicated by the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule.  
   
 
 
 2 
   Financial Statement Schedule.  Our financial statement schedule is included in Part IV of this report on
the page indicated by the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule. This financial statement schedule should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, and related notes thereto.  
 Schedules not listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule have been omitted because they are not applicable, not
required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.      
 
 
 3 
   Exhibits.  See Item 15(b) below.  
   
 
 
   
 (b) 
   Exhibits . The following exhibits are included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this
Report.    EXHIBIT LIST      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference Herein 
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Description 
    
 Form 
    
 Exhibit 
    
 Filing Date/ Period End 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1 
    
 Registrant’s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended.  
    
 10-Q 
    
 3.1 
    
   
 5/31/2017 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
    
 Registrant’s Bylaws, as amended.  
    
 10-Q 
    
 3.2 
    
   
 5/31/2017 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
    
 Form of Certificate for Shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock. (P) 
    
 S-1 
    
 1 
    
   
 3/17/1993 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2 
    
 Indenture, dated January 
16, 2008, with respect to Senior Debt Securities of the Registrant, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee.  
    
 8-K 
    
 4.2 
    
   
 1/17/2008 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3 
    
 Form of 5.625% Registered Senior Notes issued on November 2, 2010  
    
 8-K 
    
 4.1 
    
   
 11/2/2010 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.4 
    
 Form of 4.700% Registered Senior Notes issued on August 3, 2012  
    
 8-K 
    
 4.1 
    
   
 8/6/2012 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.5 
    
 Officers’ Certificate of the Registrant pursuant to the Indenture, dated November 2, 2010  
    
 8-K 
    
 4.3 
    
   
 11/2/2010 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.6 
    
 Officers’ Certificate of the Registrant pursuant to the Indenture, dated August 3, 2012.  
    
 8-K 
    
 4.3 
    
   
 8/6/2012 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.7 
    
 Officers’ Certificate, dated as of January 17, 2018, establishing the 3.950% Senior Notes due 2028.  
    
 8-K 
    
 4.1 
    
   
 1/17/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.8* 
    
 Description of Jabil Securities  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.1† 
    
 Restated cash or deferred profit sharing plan under section 401(k). (P) 
    
 S-1 
    
 
    
   
 3/3/1993 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2† 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its Officers and Directors. (P) 
    
 S-1 
    
 
    
   
 3/3/1993 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3† 
    
 Jabil 2002 Stock Incentive Plan.  
    
 10-K 
    
 10.5 
    
   
 8/31/2010 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3a 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan Stock Option Agreement (prior form).  
    
 10-K 
    
 10.6.1 
    
   
 8/31/2004 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3b 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan-French Subplan Stock Option Agreement (prior form).  
    
 10-K 
    
 10.6.2 
    
   
 8/31/2004 
   
 
      51  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3c 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive  Plan-UK  Subplan CSOP Option Certificate (prior form).
  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6.3 
   
    
   
 8/31/2004 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3d 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive  Plan-UK  Subplan Stock Option Agreement (prior form).
  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6.4 
   
    
   
 8/31/2004 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3e 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement (prior form).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.5f 
   
    
   
 8/31/2009 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3f 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. Time-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (prior form).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.5f 
   
    
   
 8/31/2010 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3g 
    
 Form of Jabil Circuit, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (prior form).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.5g 
   
    
   
 8/31/2010 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3h 
    
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (prior form).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6.6 
   
    
   
 8/31/2005 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3i† 
    
 Addendum to the Terms and Conditions of the Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan for Grantees Resident in France.  
    
   
 S-8 
   
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
   
 6/13/2003 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3j† 
    
 Schedule to the Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan for Grantees Resident in the United Kingdom.  
    
   
 S-8 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 8/16/2002 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4† 
    
 Jabil 2011 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated.  
    
   
 14A 
   
    
   
 A 
   
    
   
 12/9/2016 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4a 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS Officer – EU5).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6m 
   
    
   
 8/31/2016 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4b 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS Officer –  Non-EU5). 
 
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6n 
   
    
   
 8/31/2016 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4c 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS  Non-Officer5). 
 
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6o 
   
    
   
 8/31/2016 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4d 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR Officer – EU).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6m 
   
    
   
 8/31/2015 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4e 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR Officer –  Non-EU). 
 
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.6n 
   
    
   
 8/31/2015 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4f 
    
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU DIR).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.4 
   
    
   
 5/31/2011 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4g 
    
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU NON).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.5 
   
    
   
 5/31/2011 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4h 
    
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU OEU).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.6 
   
    
   
 5/31/2011 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4i 
    
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU ONEU).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.7 
   
    
   
 5/31/2011 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4j 
    
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (ACQ TBRSU).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 5/31/2015 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4k 
    
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement (SAR Officer – Non EU).  
    
   
 10-K 
   
    
   
 10.7q 
   
    
   
 8/31/2014 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5† 
    
 Jabil Inc. 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.8 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5a 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS – Executive – EU)  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5b 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS – Executive –  Non-EU) 
 
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5c 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR – ONEU).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5d 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR – OEU).  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.4 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5e 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU-ONEU)  
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.5 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5f 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement  (TBRSU-OEU)   
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.6 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5g 
    
 Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement  (TBRSU-DIR)   
    
   
 10-Q 
   
    
   
 10.7 
   
    
   
 11/30/2018 
   
 
      52  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6† 
    
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.  
    
 S-8 
    
 4.1 
    
   
 2/25/2011 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of July 
6, 2015, amoung the Registraint; the intial lenders named therein; Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as  co-syndication  agents; BNP Paribas, Mizuho Bank,
 Ltd., and The Bank of Nova Scotia as documentation agents; and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and The Bank of Nova
Scotia.  
    
 10-K 
    
 10.8 
    
   
 8/31/2015 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 Credit Agreement dated as of August 
24, 2018 among Jabil Inc.; the initial lenders named in the Agreement; Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent; and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., MUFG Bank, Ltd. and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
 
    
 8-K 
    
 10.1 
    
   
 8/27/2018 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 21.1* 
    
 List of Subsidiaries.  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 23.1* 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 24.1* 
    
 Power of Attorney (See Signature page).  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.1* 
    
 Rule  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant.  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.2* 
    
 Rule  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant.  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.1* 
    
 Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant.  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.2* 
    
 Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant.  
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101** 
    
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T:  (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2019 and August 31, 2018; (ii) Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 † 
   Indicates management compensatory plan, contract of arrangement.  
 
 
 * 
   Filed or furnished herewith.  
 
 
 ** 
   XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) Filed Electronically with this report.  
 Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are not filed herewith pursuant to
Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation  S-K  since the total amount of securities authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request.      
 
 
   
 (c) 
   Financial Statement Schedules.  See Item 15(a) above.  
      53  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 


 
   Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 
    
   
 55 
   
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst 
& Young LLP) 
    
   
 56 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets – August 31, 2019 and
2018 
    
   
 59 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations – Fiscal years ended August 
31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 
    
   
 60 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income – Fiscal years ended August 31,
 2019, 2018, and 2017 
    
   
 61 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity – Fiscal years ended
 August 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 
    
   
 62 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows – Fiscal years ended August 
31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
    
   
 63 
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 64 
   
 
 
 
 
   Financial Statement Schedule: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
    
   
 102 
   
 
      54  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING    Management of Jabil Inc. (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting as defined in  Rule13a-15(f)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company’s
management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019. Management based this assessment on the framework as established in  Internal Control –
Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management’s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
and testing of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting.    Based on this assessment, management has concluded
that, as of August 31, 2019, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.    Ernst & Young LLP,
the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting which follows this report.  
 October 22, 2019  
      55  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Jabil Inc.  
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    We
have audited Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019, based on 
 the COSO criteria.    As indicated in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management’s
assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the operations acquired from Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies (JJMD), which are included in
the 2019 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 1.8% of consolidated total assets as of August 31, 2019 and 1.3% of consolidated net revenue for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the operations acquired from JJMD.    We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company   as of August 31,
2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement
schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a), and our report dated October 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    Basis for Opinion
   The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.    Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP    Tampa, Florida  
 October 22, 2019  
      56  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Jabil Inc.  
 Opinion on the Financial Statements    We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended August 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
August 31, 2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework),   and our report dated October 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 Adoption of New Accounting Standards    As discussed in
Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and certain fulfillment costs in 2019 due to the adoption of ASU
 No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). See below for discussion of our related critical audit matter.  
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its classification of cash receipts on the deferred purchase price
receivable on asset-backed securitization transactions in 2019 due to the adoption of ASU  No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  
 Basis for Opinion    These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 Critical Audit Matters    The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.  
      57  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 

 

 
 


 
 
    
 Adoption of ASU  No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 
 
 
 Description of the Matter 
    
   As more fully described above and in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, effective September 1, 2018, the Company adopted  ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers , on a modified retrospective basis, which resulted in a $43 million transition adjustment to increase retained earnings. 
     Auditing the Company’s implementation of the new revenue standard was challenging
due to the judgment in applying the new standard regarding whether performance obligations within the Company’s contracts with customers are satisfied over time or at a point in time. More specifically, applying the criteria within the new
standard for determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, such as whether an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date exists, was complex. 
 
 
 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
    
   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s implementation
of the new revenue standard. We tested controls over management’s contract reviews, including controls over the application of the new standard to contracts to assess whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in
time.       To test the Company’s implementation of the new revenue standard, our
audit procedures included, among others, assessing whether the Company’s new accounting policy complies with the new standard, evaluating the terms of the Company’s contracts with customers and evaluating management’s application of
the new standard to the Company’s contracts. More specifically, we inspected the terms of a sample of the Company’s contracts and evaluated management’s determination of whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a
point in time based on the criteria within the new standard. We also tested the data and assumptions used in the computation of the Company’s transition adjustment. 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 
 
 
 Description of the Matter 
    
   As disclosed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company operates in a complex multinational tax environment and is
subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding intercompany transactions. Uncertain tax positions may arise from interpretations and judgments made by the Company in the application of the relevant laws, regulations and tax
rulings. The Company uses significant judgment in (1) determining whether the technical merits of tax positions for certain intercompany transactions are  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained and
(2) measuring the related amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition.     
 Auditing the tax positions related to certain intercompany transactions was challenging because the recognition and measurement of the tax positions is highly
judgmental and is based on interpretations of laws, regulations and tax rulings. 
 
 
 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
    
   We tested controls over the Company’s process to assess the technical merits of tax positions related to certain intercompany
transactions and also tested controls over the Company’s process to determine the application of the relevant laws, regulations and tax rulings, including management’s process to recognize and measure the related tax positions. 
     In testing the recognition and measurement criteria, we involved tax professionals to
assist in assessing the technical merits of the Company’s tax positions. In addition, we used our knowledge of and experience with the application of domestic and international income tax laws by the relevant tax authorities to evaluate the
Company’s accounting for those tax positions. We also assessed the Company’s assumptions and data used to measure the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition, and tested the accuracy of the calculations. Lastly, we evaluated
the Company’s income tax disclosures included in Note 4 in relation to the Company’s uncertain tax positions. 
   /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP  
 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2010.  
 Tampa, Florida    October 22, 2019  
      58  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (in thousands, except for share data)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   


 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,163,343 
   
   
 $ 
 1,257,949 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 2,745,226 
   
   
   
 1,693,268 
   
 
   Contract assets 
    
   
 911,940 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Inventories, net of reserve for excess and obsolete inventory 
    
   
 3,023,003 
   
   
   
 3,457,706 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 501,573 
   
   
   
 1,141,000 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 8,345,085 
   
   
   
 7,549,923 
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 3,333,750 
   
   
   
 3,198,016 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 622,255 
   
   
   
 627,745 
   
 
   Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 
    
   
 256,853 
   
   
   
 279,131 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 198,827 
   
   
   
 218,252 
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 213,705 
   
   
   
 172,574 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 12,970,475 
   
   
 $ 
 12,045,641 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current installments of notes payable and long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 375,181 
   
   
 $ 
 25,197 
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 5,166,780 
   
   
   
 4,942,932 
   
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
   
 2,990,144 
   
   
   
 2,262,744 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 8,532,105 
   
   
   
 7,230,873 
   
 
   Notes payable and long-term debt, less current installments 
    
   
 2,121,284 
   
   
   
 2,493,502 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 163,821 
   
   
   
 94,617 
   
 
   Income tax liabilities 
    
   
 136,689 
   
   
   
 148,884 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 115,818 
   
   
   
 114,385 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 11,069,717 
   
   
   
 10,082,261 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Jabil Inc. stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, authorized 10,000,000 shares; no shares issued and
outstanding 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Common stock, $0.001 par value, authorized 500,000,000 shares; 260,406,796 and 257,130,145 shares
issued and 153,520,380 and 164,588,172 shares outstanding at August 31, 2019 and August 31, 2018, respectively 
    
   
 260 
   
   
   
 257 
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 2,304,552 
   
   
   
 2,218,673 
   
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 2,037,037 
   
   
   
 1,760,097 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (82,794 
 )  
   
   
 (19,399 
 )  
 
   Treasury stock at cost, 106,886,416 and 92,541,973 shares as of August 31, 2019 and
August 31, 2018, respectively 
    
   
 (2,371,612 
 )  
   
   
 (2,009,371 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Jabil Inc. stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 1,887,443 
   
   
   
 1,950,257 
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 13,315 
   
   
   
 13,123 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total equity 
    
   
 1,900,758 
   
   
   
 1,963,380 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and equity 
    
 $ 
 12,970,475 
   
   
 $ 
 12,045,641 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      59  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (in thousands, except for per share data)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
   
 $ 
 22,095,416 
   
   
 $ 
 19,063,121 
   
 
   Cost of revenue 
    
   
 23,368,919 
   
   
   
 20,388,624 
   
   
   
 17,517,478 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross profit 
    
   
 1,913,401 
   
   
   
 1,706,792 
   
   
   
 1,545,643 
   
 
   Operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
    
   
 1,111,347 
   
   
   
 1,050,716 
   
   
   
 907,702 
   
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 42,861 
   
   
   
 38,531 
   
   
   
 29,680 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 31,923 
   
   
   
 38,490 
   
   
   
 35,524 
   
 
   Restructuring and related charges 
    
   
 25,914 
   
   
   
 36,902 
   
   
   
 160,395 
   
 
   Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,112 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 701,356 
   
   
   
 542,153 
   
   
   
 410,230 
   
 
   Restructuring of securities loss 
    
   
 29,632 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 53,750 
   
   
   
 37,563 
   
   
   
 28,448 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (21,460 
 )  
   
   
 (17,813 
 )  
   
   
 (12,525 
 )  
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 188,730 
   
   
   
 149,002 
   
   
   
 138,074 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income tax 
    
   
 450,704 
   
   
   
 373,401 
   
   
   
 256,233 
   
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 161,230 
   
   
   
 285,860 
   
   
   
 129,066 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 289,474 
   
   
   
 87,541 
   
   
   
 127,167 
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax 
    
   
 2,363 
   
   
   
 1,211 
   
   
   
 (1,923 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
    
 $ 
 287,111 
   
   
 $ 
 86,330 
   
   
 $ 
 129,090 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share attributable to the stockholders of Jabil Inc.: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.85 
   
   
 $ 
 0.50 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.81 
   
   
 $ 
 0.49 
   
   
 $ 
 0.69 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 155,613 
   
   
   
 172,237 
   
   
   
 181,902 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 158,647 
   
   
   
 175,044 
   
   
   
 185,838 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      60  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (in thousands)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 289,474 
   
   
 $ 
 87,541 
   
   
 $ 
 127,167 
   
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in foreign currency translation 
    
   
 (21,729 
 )  
   
   
 (50,151 
 )  
   
   
 41,244 
   
 
   Change in derivative instruments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in fair value of derivatives 
    
   
 (67,773 
 )  
   
   
 1,225 
   
   
   
 13,434 
   
 
   Adjustment for net losses (gains) realized and included in net income 
    
   
 20,259 
   
   
   
 (23,076 
 )  
   
   
 8,749 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total change in derivative instruments 
    
   
 (47,514 
 )  
   
   
 (21,851 
 )  
   
   
 22,183 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized (loss) gain on available for sale securities 
    
   
 (24,508 
 )  
   
   
 (8,679 
 )  
   
   
 10,611 
   
 
   Adjustment for net losses realized and included in net income 
    
   
 33,333 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 10,139 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total change in available for sale securities 
    
   
 8,825 
   
   
   
 (8,679 
 )  
   
   
 20,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Actuarial (loss) gain 
    
   
 (3,012 
 )  
   
   
 8,194 
   
   
   
 10,372 
   
 
   Prior service credit (cost) 
    
   
 35 
   
   
   
 (1,532 
 )  
   
   
 (52 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
   
 (63,395 
 )  
   
   
 (74,019 
 )  
   
   
 94,497 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 226,079 
   
   
 $ 
 13,522 
   
   
 $ 
 221,664 
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 2,363 
   
   
   
 1,211 
   
   
   
 (1,923 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
    
 $ 
 223,716 
   
   
 $ 
 12,311 
   
   
 $ 
 223,587 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      61  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
 (in thousands, except for share data)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Total stockholders’ equity, beginning balances 
    
 $ 
 1,963,380 
   
   
 $ 
 2,368,344 
   
   
 $ 
 2,457,497 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common stock: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 257 
   
   
   
 253 
   
   
   
 250 
   
 
   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
   Vesting of restricted stock 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 260 
   
   
   
 257 
   
   
   
 253 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 2,218,673 
   
   
   
 2,104,203 
   
   
   
 2,034,525 
   
 
   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 26,999 
   
   
   
 24,865 
   
   
   
 21,791 
   
 
   Vesting of restricted stock 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Recognition of stock-based compensation 
    
   
 58,882 
   
   
   
 89,608 
   
   
   
 47,889 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 2,304,552 
   
   
   
 2,218,673 
   
   
   
 2,104,203 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Retained earnings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 1,760,097 
   
   
   
 1,730,893 
   
   
   
 1,660,820 
   
 
   Declared dividends 
    
   
 (51,026 
 )  
   
   
 (57,126 
 )  
   
   
 (59,017 
 )  
 
   Cumulative effect adjustment for adoption of new accounting standards 
    
   
 40,855 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
    
   
 287,111 
   
   
   
 86,330 
   
   
   
 129,090 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 2,037,037 
   
   
   
 1,760,097 
   
   
   
 1,730,893 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 (19,399 
 )  
   
   
 54,620 
   
   
   
 (39,877 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
   
 (63,395 
 )  
   
   
 (74,019 
 )  
   
   
 94,497 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 (82,794 
 )  
   
   
 (19,399 
 )  
   
   
 54,620 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Treasury stock: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 (2,009,371 
 )  
   
   
 (1,536,455 
 )  
   
   
 (1,217,547 
 )  
 
   Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans 
    
   
 (11,918 
 )  
   
   
 (22,597 
 )  
   
   
 (12,268 
 )  
 
   Treasury shares purchased 
    
   
 (350,323 
 )  
   
   
 (450,319 
 )  
   
   
 (306,640 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 (2,371,612 
 )  
   
   
 (2,009,371 
 )  
   
   
 (1,536,455 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 13,123 
   
   
   
 14,830 
   
   
   
 19,326 
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 2,363 
   
   
   
 1,211 
   
   
   
 (1,923 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 1,112 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchase of noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (134 
 )  
 
   Disposition of noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (1,785 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Declared dividends to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (1,500 
 )  
   
   
 (2,920 
 )  
   
   
 (2,293 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (146 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 13,315 
   
   
   
 13,123 
   
   
   
 14,830 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity, ending balances 
    
 $ 
 1,900,758 
   
   
 $ 
 1,963,380 
   
   
 $ 
 2,368,344 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      62  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (in thousands)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 289,474 
   
   
 $ 
 87,541 
   
   
 $ 
 127,167 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating
activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 771,833 
   
   
   
 773,704 
   
   
   
 760,405 
   
 
   Restructuring and related charges 
    
   
 (3,566 
 )  
   
   
 16,264 
   
   
   
 94,346 
   
 
   Recognition of stock-based compensation expense and related charges 
    
   
 61,346 
   
   
   
 90,664 
   
   
   
 48,544 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 20,998 
   
   
   
 52,705 
   
   
   
 (63,001 
 )  
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 15,867 
   
   
   
 38,030 
   
   
   
 10,112 
   
 
   Restructuring of securities loss 
    
   
 29,632 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 37,017 
   
   
   
 (13,600 
 )  
   
   
 22,109 
   
 
   Change in operating assets and liabilities, exclusive of net assets acquired: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 (586,511 
 )  
   
   
 (2,334,367 
 )  
   
   
 (2,828,328 
 )  
 
   Contract assets 
    
   
 (878,469 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 483,074 
   
   
   
 (499,105 
 )  
   
   
 (445,089 
 )  
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 28,897 
   
   
   
 (97,795 
 )  
   
   
 95,593 
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 (38,188 
 )  
   
   
 (34,747 
 )  
   
   
 (30,413 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
   
 961,662 
   
   
   
 815,258 
   
   
   
 744,470 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
    
   
 1,193,066 
   
   
   
 (1,105,448 
 )  
   
   
 (1,464,085 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (1,005,480 
 )  
   
   
 (1,036,651 
 )  
   
   
 (716,485 
 )  
 
   Proceeds and advances from sale of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 218,708 
   
   
   
 350,291 
   
   
   
 175,000 
   
 
   Cash paid for business and intangible asset acquisitions, net of cash 
    
   
 (153,239 
 )  
   
   
 (109,664 
 )  
   
   
 (36,620 
 )  
 
   Cash receipts on sold receivables 
    
   
 96,846 
   
   
   
 2,039,298 
   
   
   
 2,720,728 
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (29,289 
 )  
   
   
 (2,360 
 )  
   
   
 (1,360 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
    
   
 (872,454 
 )  
   
   
 1,240,914 
   
   
   
 2,141,263 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows used in financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Borrowings under debt agreements 
    
   
 11,985,978 
   
   
   
 9,677,424 
   
   
   
 7,434,107 
   
 
   Payments toward debt agreements 
    
   
 (12,013,004 
 )  
   
   
 (9,206,016 
 )  
   
   
 (7,479,150 
 )  
 
   Payments to acquire treasury stock 
    
   
 (350,323 
 )  
   
   
 (450,319 
 )  
   
   
 (306,640 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid to stockholders 
    
   
 (52,004 
 )  
   
   
 (57,833 
 )  
   
   
 (59,959 
 )  
 
   Net proceeds from exercise of stock options and issuance of common stock under employee stock
purchase plan 
    
   
 26,999 
   
   
   
 24,865 
   
   
   
 21,791 
   
 
   Treasury stock minimum tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock 
    
   
 (11,918 
 )  
   
   
 (22,597 
 )  
   
   
 (12,268 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (1,500 
 )  
   
   
 (12,568 
 )  
   
   
 (2,427 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (415,772 
 )  
   
   
 (47,044 
 )  
   
   
 (404,546 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 554 
   
   
   
 (20,392 
 )  
   
   
 5,228 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (94,606 
 )  
   
   
 68,030 
   
   
   
 277,860 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 1,257,949 
   
   
   
 1,189,919 
   
   
   
 912,059 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 $ 
 1,163,343 
   
   
 $ 
 1,257,949 
   
   
 $ 
 1,189,919 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental disclosure information: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid, net of capitalized interest 
    
 $ 
 185,696 
   
   
 $ 
 167,278 
   
   
 $ 
 130,635 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes paid, net of refunds received 
    
 $ 
 168,053 
   
   
 $ 
 180,423 
   
   
 $ 
 187,871 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      63  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Jabil Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, herein referred to as the “Company”) is one of the leading providers of manufacturing
services and solutions. The Company provides comprehensive electronics design, production and product management services to companies in various industries and end markets. The Company’s services combine a highly automated, continuous flow
manufacturing approach with advanced electronic design and design for manufacturability technologies. The Company is headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida and has manufacturing operations principally in the Americas, Europe and Asia.  
 Significant accounting policies followed by the Company are as follows:  
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation  
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and operations of the Company, and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. The Company has made certain reclassification adjustments to conform prior periods’ Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements to the current presentation.    Use of Accounting Estimates  
 Management is required to make estimates and assumptions during the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates and assumptions.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash
equivalents consist of investments that are readily convertible to cash with original maturities of 90 days or less.    Accounts Receivable
   Accounts receivable consist of trade receivables and other miscellaneous receivables. The Company maintains an allowance for
doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Bad debts are charged to this allowance after all attempts to collect the balance are exhausted. Allowances of $17.2 million and
$15.2 million were recorded as of August 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. As the financial condition and circumstances of the Company’s customers change, adjustments to the allowance for doubtful accounts are made as necessary.  
 Contract Balances    Timing of
revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. The Company records an asset when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing a customer (“contract assets”) while a liability is recognized when a customer pays an
invoice prior to the Company transferring control of the goods or services (“contract liabilities”). Amounts recognized as contract assets are generally transferred to receivables in the succeeding quarter due to the short-term nature of
the manufacturing cycle. Contract assets are classified separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and transferred to receivables when right to payment becomes unconditional.  
 The Company reviews contract assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset
may not be recoverable after considering factors such as the age of the balances and the financial stability of the customer.    Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis) and net realizable value. Inventory is valued
based on current and forecasted usage, customer inventory-related contractual obligations and other lower of cost and net realizable value considerations. If actual market conditions or customer product demands are less favorable than those
projected, additional valuation adjustments may be necessary.  
      64  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fulfillment Costs  
 The Company capitalizes costs incurred to fulfill its contracts that i) relate directly to the contract or anticipated contracts, ii) are
expected to generate or enhance the Company’s resources that will be used to satisfy the performance obligation under the contract, and iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated from the contract. Capitalized fulfillment costs
are amortized to cost of revenue as the Company satisfies the related performance obligations under the contract with approximate lives ranging from  1-3  years. These costs, which are included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, generally represent upfront costs incurred to prepare for manufacturing activities.  
 The Company assesses the capitalized fulfillment costs for impairment at the end of each reporting period. The Company will recognize an
impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount of the capitalized costs exceeds the recoverable amount. Recoverability is assessed by considering the capitalized fulfillment costs in relation to the forecasted profitability of the related
manufacturing performance obligations.    Property, Plant and Equipment, net  
 Property, plant and equipment is capitalized at cost and depreciated using the straight-line depreciation method over the estimated useful
lives of the respective assets. Estimated useful lives for major classes of depreciable assets are as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
   Asset Class 
    
   Estimated Useful Life 


 
   Buildings 
    
   Up to 35 years 
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   Shorter of lease term or useful life of the improvement 
 
   Machinery and equipment 
    
   2 to 10 years 
 
   Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 
    
   5 years 
 
   Computer hardware and software 
    
   3 to 7 years 
 
   Transportation equipment 
    
   3 years 
   Certain equipment held under capital leases is classified as property, plant and equipment and the related
obligation is recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization of assets held under capital leases is included in depreciation expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Maintenance and
repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired is removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of
operating income.    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
 The Company accounts for goodwill in a business combination as the excess of the cost over the fair value of net assets acquired and is
assigned to the reporting unit in which the acquired business will operate. The Company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable.    The recoverability of goodwill is measured at the reporting unit level by comparing
the reporting unit’s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units based on an average weighting of both projected discounted future results and the
use of comparative market multiples. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and a second step is performed to measure the amount of loss, if any.  
 The recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the fair value. The Company
determines the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets principally based on a variation of the income approach, known as the relief from royalty method. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair
value, the indefinite-lived intangible asset is considered impaired.    Business combinations can also result in other intangible assets
being recognized. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on either a straight-line or accelerated basis over their estimated useful life and include contractual agreements and customer relationships, tradenames and intellectual property. No
significant residual values are estimated for the amortizable intangible assets.  
      65  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Long-lived Assets  
 Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, and finite-lived intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the asset or asset group is measured by comparing its carrying amount to the undiscounted future net cash flows the asset
is expected to generate. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group is not recoverable, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its respective fair
value, which is generally determined as the present value of estimated future cash flows or as the appraised value.    Derivative Instruments
   All derivative instruments are recorded gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values. The accounting
for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on the intended use and designation of the derivative instrument. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative
and the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in current earnings. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the
derivative instrument is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”), net of tax, and is subsequently reclassified into the line item within the Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the
hedged items are recorded in the same period in which the hedged item affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss is recognized immediately in current earnings. For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedging
instruments, gains and losses from changes in fair values are recognized in earnings. Cash receipts and cash payments related to derivative instruments are recorded in the same category as the cash flows from the items being hedged on the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
 The following table sets forth the changes in AOCI, net of tax, by component during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 (in thousands):
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 Derivative Instruments 
   
   
 Actuarial (Loss) Gain 
   
   
 Prior Service (Cost) Credit 
   
   
 Available for Sale Securities 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance as of August 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
 7,431 
   
   
 $ 
 8,116 
   
   
 $ 
 (25,021 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (643 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9,282 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (19,399 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
    
   
 (21,729 
 )  
   
   
 (67,773 
 )  
   
   
 (3,753 
 )  
   
   
 79 
   
   
   
 (24,508 
 )  
   
   
 (117,684 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 20,259 
   
   
   
 741 
   
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 33,333 
   
   
   
 54,289 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive (loss)
income (1) 
    
   
 (21,729 
 )  
   
   
 (47,514 
 )  
   
   
 (3,012 
 )  
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
 8,825 
   
   
   
 (63,395 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 (14,298 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (39,398 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (28,033 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (608 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (457 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (82,794 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Amounts are net of tax, which are immaterial.  
      66  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table sets forth the amounts reclassified from AOCI into the Consolidated
Statements of Operations, and the associated financial statement line item, net of tax, for the periods indicated (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Components 
    
 Financial Statement Line Item 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 Operating income 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 5,947 
   
 
   Realized losses (gains) on derivative
instruments: (3) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
   
 Cost of revenue 
   
   
   
 21,982 
   
   
   
 (9,379 
 )  
   
   
 4,799 
   
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 Interest expense 
   
   
   
 (1,723 
 )  
   
   
 (13,697 
 )  
   
   
 3,950 
   
 
   Actuarial loss 
    
   
 (1)   
   
   
   
 741 
   
   
   
 1,127 
   
   
   
 1,929 
   
 
   Prior service credit 
    
   
 (1)   
   
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (88 
 )  
   
   
 (138 
 )  
 
   Available for sale securities 
    
   
 (2)   
   
   
   
 33,333 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 10,139 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total amounts reclassified from
AOCI (4) 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 54,289 
   
   
 $ 
 (22,037 
 )  
   
 $ 
 26,626 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Amounts are included in the computation of net periodic benefit pension cost. Refer to Note 9 –
“Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits” for additional information.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The portions of AOCI reclassified into earnings during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2017 for
available for sale securities were due to a restructuring of securities loss and an other than temporary impairments on securities, respectively, and were recorded to restructuring of securities loss and other expense, respectively.
 
 
 
 (3) 
   The Company expects to reclassify $17.0 million into earnings during the next twelve months, which will
primarily be classified as a component of cost of revenue.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Amounts are net of tax, which are immaterial for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2017. The
amount for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 includes a reduction to income tax expense related to derivative instruments of $14.8 million.  
 Foreign Currency Transactions    For
the Company’s foreign subsidiaries that use a currency other than the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, the assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses are
translated at the average exchange rate for the period. The effects of these translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. Gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the entity involved are included in operating income.    Revenue Recognition  
 Effective September 1, 2018, the Company’s revenue recognition accounting policies changed in conjunction with the adoption of ASU  2014-09,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 606). For further discussion, refer to Note 18—“Revenue” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The Company provides comprehensive electronics design, production and product management services to companies in various industries and end
markets. The Company derives substantially all of its revenue from production and product management services (collectively referred to as “manufacturing services”), which encompasses the act of producing tangible products that are built
to customer specifications, which are then provided to the customer.    The Company generally enters into manufacturing service contracts
with its customers that provide the framework under which business will be conducted and customer purchase orders will be received for specific quantities and with predominantly fixed pricing. As a result, the Company considers its contract with a
customer to be the combination of the manufacturing service contract and the purchase order, or any agreements or other similar documents.  
 The majority of the Company’s manufacturing service contracts relate to manufactured products which have no alternative use and for which
the Company has an enforceable right to payment for the work completed to date. As a result, revenue is recognized over time when or as the Company transfers control of the promised products or services (known as performance obligations) to its
customers. For certain other contracts with customers that do not meet the over time revenue recognition criteria, transfer of control occurs at a point in time which generally occurs upon delivery and transfer of risk and title to the customer.
   Most of the Company’s contracts have a single performance obligation as the promise to transfer the individual manufactured product
or service is capable of being distinct and is distinct within the context of the contract. For the majority of customers, performance obligations are satisfied over time based on the continuous transfer of control as manufacturing services are
performed and are generally completed in less than one year.  
      67  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Company also derives revenue to a lesser extent from electronic design services to
certain customers. Revenue from electronic design services is generally recognized over time as the services are performed.    For the
Company’s over time customers, it believes the measure of progress which best depicts the transfer of control is based on costs incurred to date, relative to total estimated cost at completion (i.e., an input method). This method is a faithful
depiction of the transfer of goods or services because it results in the recognition of revenue on the basis of the Company’s  to-date  efforts in the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to
the total expected efforts in the satisfaction of the performance obligation. The Company believes that the use of an input method best depicts the transfer of control to the customer, which occurs as the Company incurs costs on its contracts. The
transaction price of each performance obligation is generally based upon the contractual stand-alone selling price of the product or service.  
 Certain contracts with customers include variable consideration, such as rebates, discounts, or returns. The Company recognizes estimates of
this variable consideration that are not expected to result in a significant revenue reversal in the future, primarily based on the most likely level of consideration to be paid to the customer under the specific terms of the underlying programs.
   Taxes collected from the Company’s customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented within the Company’s
Consolidated Statement of Operations on a net basis and are excluded from the transaction price. The Company has elected to account for shipping and handling activities related to contracts with customers as costs to fulfill the promise to transfer
the goods. Accordingly, the Company records customer payments of shipping and handling costs as a component of net revenue, and classifies such costs as a component of cost of revenue.  
 Stock-Based Compensation    The
Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense, reduced for estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting period for outstanding stock awards.  
 The stock-based compensation expense for time-based and performance-based restricted stock unit awards (“restricted stock units”) is
measured at fair value on the date of grant based on the number of shares expected to vest and the quoted market price of the Company’s common stock. For restricted stock units with performance conditions, stock-based compensation expense is
originally based on the number of shares that would vest if the Company achieved 100% of the performance goal, which is the intended outcome at the grant date. Throughout the requisite service period, management monitors the probability of
achievement of the performance condition. If it becomes probable, based on the Company’s performance, that more or less than the current estimate of the awarded shares will vest, an adjustment to stock-based compensation expense will be
recognized as a change in accounting estimate in the period that such probability changes.    The stock-based compensation expense for
market-based restricted stock units is measured at fair value on the date of grant. The market conditions are considered in the grant date fair value using a Monte Carlo valuation model, which utilizes multiple input variables to determine the
probability of the Company achieving the specified market conditions. Stock-based compensation expense related to an award with a market condition will be recognized over the requisite service period regardless of whether the market condition is
satisfied, provided that the requisite service period has been completed.    The Company currently expects to satisfy share-based awards
with registered shares available to be issued.    See Note 11 – “Stockholders’ Equity” for further discussion of
stock-based compensation expense.    Income Taxes  
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in the tax rate is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date of the rate change. The Company records a valuation allowance
to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company considers future taxable income and ongoing feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance.  
      68  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Earnings Per Share  
 The Company calculates its basic earnings per share by dividing net income attributable to Jabil Inc. by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company’s diluted earnings per share is calculated in a similar manner, but includes the effect of dilutive securities. The difference between the weighted average number of basic shares
outstanding and the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding is primarily due to dilutive unvested restricted stock units and dilutive stock appreciation rights.  
 Potential shares of common stock are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share when their effect would be antidilutive.
Performance-based restricted stock units are considered dilutive when the related performance criterion have been met assuming the end of the reporting period represents the end of the performance period. All potential shares of common stock are
antidilutive in periods of net loss. Potential shares of common stock not included in the computation of earnings per share because their effect would have been antidilutive or because the performance criterion was not met were as follows (in
thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Stock appreciation rights 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 265 
   
 
   Restricted stock units 
    
   
 796 
   
    
   
 2,426 
   
    
   
 4,539 
   
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 Fair value is categorized in one of three levels based on the lowest level of significant input used. Level 1 – quoted market prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities; Level 2 – inputs other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and Level 3 –
unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.    2. Trade Accounts Receivable Securitization and Sale Programs  
 The Company regularly sells designated pools of trade accounts receivable under a foreign asset-backed securitization program, a North American
asset-backed securitization program and uncommitted trade accounts receivable sale programs (collectively referred to herein as the “programs”). The Company continues servicing the receivables sold and in exchange receives a servicing fee
under each of the programs. Servicing fees related to each of the programs recognized during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were not material. The Company does not record a servicing asset or liability on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets as the Company estimates that the fee it receives to service these receivables approximates the fair market compensation to provide the servicing activities.  
 Transfers of the receivables under the programs are accounted for as sales and, accordingly, net receivables sold under the programs are
excluded from accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are reflected as cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The adoption of Accounting Standards Update
 No. 2016-15  (“ASU  2016-15”)  described in Note 17, New Accounting Guidance, resulted in a reclassification of cash flows from operating activities to
investing activities for all periods presented in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for cash receipts related to collections on the deferred purchase price receivable (i.e. beneficial interest) on asset-backed securitization
transactions. In addition, the beneficial interest of $162.2 million, $2.0 billion, and $2.8 billion for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, obtained in exchange for securitized receivables are
reported as  non-cash  investing activities.    Asset-Backed Securitization Programs  
 The Company continuously sells designated pools of trade accounts receivable, at a discount, under its foreign asset-backed securitization
program to a special purpose entity, which in turn sells certain of the receivables to an unaffiliated financial institution and a conduit administered by an unaffiliated financial institution on a monthly basis. Effective October 1, 2018, the
foreign asset-backed securitization program terms were amended and the program was extended to September 30, 2021. In connection with this amendment, there is no longer a deferred purchase price receivable for the foreign asset-backed
securitization program as the entire purchase price is paid in cash when the receivables are sold.  
      69  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  As of October 1, 2018, approximately $734.2 million of accounts receivable sold
under the foreign asset-backed securitization program was exchanged for the outstanding deferred purchase price receivable of $335.5 million. The remaining amount due to the financial institution of $398.7 million was subsequently settled
for $25.2 million of cash and $373.5 million of trade accounts receivable sold to the financial institution. The previously sold trade accounts receivable were recorded at fair market value. Prior to the amendment, any portion of the
purchase price for the receivables not paid in cash upon the sale occurring was recorded as a deferred purchase price receivable, which was paid from available cash as payments on the receivables were collected. The amended foreign asset-backed
securitization program contains a guarantee of payment by the special purpose entity, in an amount equal to approximately the net cash proceeds under the program. No liability has been recorded for obligations under the guarantee as of
August 31, 2019.    The special purpose entity in the foreign asset-backed securitization program is a separate bankruptcy-remote
entity whose assets would be first available to satisfy the creditor claims of the unaffiliated financial institution. The Company is deemed the primary beneficiary of this special purpose entity as the Company has both the power to direct the
activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive the benefits that could potentially be significant to the entity from the transfer of the
trade accounts receivable into the special purpose entity. Accordingly, the special purpose entity associated with the foreign asset-backed securitization program is included in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The North American asset-backed securitization program was terminated on October 9, 2018 and as of this date approximately
$500.0 million of accounts receivable sold under the program was exchanged for the outstanding deferred purchase price receivable of $300.0 million and $200.0 million of cash. The previously sold trade accounts receivable were
recorded at fair market value.    On November 27, 2018, the Company entered into a new North American asset-backed securitization
program. The Company continuously sells designated pools of trade accounts receivable, at a discount, under its new North American asset-backed securitization program to a special purpose entity, which in turn sells certain of the receivables
to conduits administered by unaffiliated financial institutions on a monthly basis. The special purpose entity in the North American asset-backed securitization program is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and is included in the
Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. There is no longer a deferred purchase price receivable for the North American asset-backed securitization program as the entire purchase price is paid in cash when the receivables are sold.
Additionally, certain unsold receivables covering the maximum amount of net cash proceeds available under the program are pledged as collateral to the unaffiliated financial institution as of August 31, 2019.  
 Following is a summary of the asset-backed securitization programs and key terms:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Maximum Amount of Net Cash Proceeds (in 
millions) (1) 
   
    
 Expiration Date 
   


 
   North American 
    
 $ 
 390.0 
   
    
   
 November 22, 2021 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
 $ 
 400.0 
   
    
   
 September 30, 2021 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Maximum amount available at any one time.  
 In connection with the asset-backed securitization programs, the Company recognized the following (in millions):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 (3) 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Trade accounts receivable sold 
    
 $ 
 4,057 
   
    
 $ 
 8,386 
   
    
 $ 
 8,878 
   
 
   Cash proceeds received (1) 
    
 $ 
 4,031 
   
    
 $ 
 7,838 
   
    
 $ 
 8,300 
   
 
   Pre-tax  losses on sale of receivables (2) 
    
 $ 
 26 
   
    
 $ 
 15 
   
    
 $ 
 9 
   
 
   Deferred purchase price receivables as of August 31 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 533 
   
    
 $ 
 569 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The amounts primarily represent proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving-period transfers.
 
 
 
 (2) 
   Recorded to other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Excludes $650.3 million of trade accounts receivable sold, $488.1 million of cash and
$13.9 million of net cash received prior to the amendment of the foreign asset-backed securitization program and under the previous North American asset-backed securitization program.  
 The asset-backed securitization programs require compliance with several covenants. The North American asset-backed securitization program
covenants include compliance with the interest ratio and debt to EBITDA ratio of the five-year unsecured credit facility amended as of November 8, 2017 (“the 2017 Credit Facility”). The foreign asset-backed securitization program
covenants include limitations on certain corporate actions such as mergers and consolidations. As of August 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the asset-backed securitization programs.  
      70  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs  
 Following is a summary of the trade accounts receivable sale programs with unaffiliated financial institutions where the Company may elect to
sell receivables and the unaffiliated financial institution may elect to purchase, at a discount, on an ongoing basis:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 Program 
    
 Maximum Amount (in millions) (1) 
   
   
 Type of Facility 
   
    
 Expiration Date 
   


 
   A 
    
 $ 
 800.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 August 31, 2022 
 (2)   
 
   B 
    
 $ 
 150.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 November 30, 2019 
 (3)   
 
   C 
    
   
 800.0 
  CNY  
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 June 30, 2020 
   
 
   D 
    
 $ 
 100.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 May 4, 2023 
 (4)   
 
   E 
    
 $ 
 50.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 August 25, 2020 
   
 
   F 
    
 $ 
 150.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 January 25, 2020 
 (5)   
 
   G 
    
 $ 
 50.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 February 23, 2023 
 (2)   
 
   H 
    
 $ 
 100.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 August 10, 2020 
 (6)   
 
   I 
    
 $ 
 100.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 July 21, 2020 
 (7)   
 
   J 
    
 $ 
 740.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 February 28, 2020 
 (8)   
 
   K 
    
 $ 
 110.0 
   
   
   
 Uncommitted 
   
    
   
 April 11, 2020 
 (9)   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Maximum amount available at any one time.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon 15 days prior notice.  
 
 
 (3) 
   The program will automatically extend for one year at each expiration date unless either party provides 10 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon 30 days prior notice.  
 
 
 (5) 
   The program will be automatically extended through January 25, 2023 unless either party provides 30 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (6) 
   The program will be automatically extended through August 10, 2023 unless either party provides 30 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (7) 
   The program will be automatically extended through August 21, 2023 unless either party provides 30 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (8) 
   The program will be automatically extended through February 28, 2024 unless either party provides 90 days
notice of termination.  
 
 
 (9) 
   The program will be automatically extended each year through April 11, 2025 unless either party provides
30 days notice of termination.    In connection with the trade accounts receivable sale programs, the Company recognized
the following (in millions):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Trade accounts receivable sold 
    
 $ 
 6,751 
   
    
 $ 
 5,480 
   
    
 $ 
 2,968 
   
 
   Cash proceeds received 
    
 $ 
 6,723 
   
    
 $ 
 5,463 
   
    
 $ 
 2,962 
   
 
   Pre-tax  losses on sale of receivables (1) 
    
 $ 
 28 
   
    
 $ 
 17 
   
    
 $ 
 6 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Recorded to other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      71  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  3. Inventories  
 Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
   
 August 31, 2018 
   


 
   Raw materials 
    
 $ 
 2,310,081 
   
   
 $ 
 2,070,569 
   
 
   Work in process 
    
   
 468,217 
   
   
   
 788,742 
   
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 314,258 
   
   
   
 659,335 
   
 
   Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory 
    
   
 (69,553 
 )  
   
   
 (60,940 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Inventories, net 
    
 $ 
 3,023,003 
   
   
 $ 
 3,457,706 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   4. Income Taxes  
 Provision for Income Taxes    Income
(loss) before income tax expense is summarized below (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Domestic (1) 
    
 $ 
 (415,707 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (426,897 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (373,690 
 )  
 
   Foreign (1) 
    
   
 866,411 
   
   
   
 800,298 
   
   
   
 629,923 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 450,704 
   
   
 $ 
 373,401 
   
   
 $ 
 256,233 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes the elimination of intercompany foreign dividends paid to the U.S.  
 Income tax expense (benefit) is summarized below (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic – federal 
    
 $ 
 (23,675 
 )  
   
 $ 
 69,080 
   
   
 $ 
 2,436 
   
 
   Domestic – state 
    
   
 1,383 
   
   
   
 134 
   
   
   
 12 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 175,993 
   
   
   
 178,790 
   
   
   
 188,872 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current 
    
   
 153,701 
   
   
   
 248,004 
   
   
   
 191,320 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic – federal 
    
   
 (8,000 
 )  
   
   
 (24,342 
 )  
   
   
 253 
   
 
   Domestic – state 
    
   
 (2,202 
 )  
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
 30 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 17,731 
   
   
   
 62,105 
   
   
   
 (62,537 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred 
    
   
 7,529 
   
   
   
 37,856 
   
   
   
 (62,254 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 161,230 
   
   
 $ 
 285,860 
   
   
 $ 
 129,066 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      72  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to the Company’s effective
income tax rate is summarized below:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 
    
   
 21.0 
 %  
   
   
 25.7 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
    
   
 (1.7 
 )  
   
   
 (1.5 
 )  
   
   
 (3.3 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign tax rates (1)(2) 
    
   
 (9.9 
 )  
   
   
 (19.3 
 )  
   
   
 (42.7 
 )  
 
   Permanent impact of  non-deductible  cost 
    
   
 1.8 
   
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
   
 2.9 
   
 
   Income tax credits (1) 
    
   
 (3.1 
 )  
   
   
 (2.8 
 )  
   
   
 (6.3 
 )  
 
   Changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities (3) 
    
   
 0.2 
   
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
   One-time  transition tax related to the Tax Act (4) 
    
   
 (0.5 
 )  
   
   
 62.2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Indefinite reinvestment assertion
impact (4) 
    
   
 0.9 
   
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Valuation allowance (5) 
    
   
 1.3 
   
   
   
 (16.4 
 )  
   
   
 14.8 
   
 
   Non-deductible  equity compensation 
    
   
 1.4 
   
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
   
 4.5 
   
 
   Impact of intercompany charges and
dividends (6) 
    
   
 10.4 
   
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
   
 38.3 
   
 
   Reclassification of stranded tax effects in AOCI 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4.0 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Global Intangible  Low-Taxed  Income (7) 
    
   
 10.4 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 3.6 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 6.9 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective income tax rate 
    
   
 35.8 
 %  
   
   
 76.6 
 %  
   
   
 50.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The Company has been granted tax incentives for various subsidiaries in Brazil, China, Malaysia, Poland,
Singapore and Vietnam, which expire at various dates through fiscal year 2031 and are subject to certain conditions with which the Company expects to comply. These tax incentives resulted in a tax benefit of approximately $67.3 million ($0.43
per basic share), $52.1 million ($0.30 per basic share) and $38.6 million ($0.22 per basic share) during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 
 
 (2) 
   For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2018, the decrease in the impact of foreign tax rates was
primarily due to a decrease in the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate due to the Tax Act.  
 
 
 (3) 
   For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, the increase in the changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets
and liabilities was primarily due to the Tax Act, excluding the impact of the enacted rate change on the U.S. valuation allowance.  
 
 
 (4) 
   The indefinite reinvestment assertion impact for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 is related to the
Tax Act as further discussed below.  
 
 
 (5) 
   The valuation allowance change for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2018 was primarily due to
utilization of domestic federal net operating losses and tax credits against the  one-time  transition tax and the change in enacted tax rate applied to U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities for the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2018. The increase for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 was partially offset by an income tax benefit of $17.5 million for the reversal of a U.S. valuation allowance due to an intangible asset
reclassification from indefinite-life to finite-life.  
 
 
 (6) 
   For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, the decrease in the impact of intercompany charges and
dividends was due to a change in the U.S. taxation of foreign dividends as a result of the Tax Act.  
 
 
 (7) 
   GILTI applied beginning in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 and primarily related to the utilization
of current year U.S. federal operating losses.    Tax Act  
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
(“Tax Act”). The Tax Act reduced the corporate tax rate, limited or eliminated certain tax deductions, introduced Global Intangible  Low-Taxed  Income (“GILTI”) as a newly defined category of
foreign subsidiary income which is taxable to U.S. shareholders each year, and changed the taxation of foreign earnings of U.S. multinational companies. The enacted changes included a mandatory income inclusion of the historically untaxed foreign
earnings of a U.S. company’s foreign subsidiaries and effectively taxed such income at reduced tax rates (“transition tax”). As a result of the  one-time  transition tax, the Company has a
substantial amount of previously taxed earnings that can be distributed to the U.S. without additional U.S. taxation. Additionally, the Tax Act provides for a 100% dividends received deduction for dividends received by U.S. corporations from  10-percent  or more owned foreign corporations. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, the Company made reasonable estimates related to certain impacts of the Tax Act and, in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 118,  Income Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act  (“SAB 118”), recorded a net provisional income tax expense (benefit). During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, the Company
completed its accounting for the effects of the Tax Act under SAB 118 based on the analysis, interpretations and guidance available at that time. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, the Company elected to record the GILTI effects as a
period cost.  
      73  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table summarizes the tax expense (benefit) related to the Tax Act recognized
during the SAB 118 measurement period (in millions):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 One-time transition tax, inclusive of unrecognized tax benefits  (1) 
   
   
 Re-measurement of the Company’s U.S. deferred tax attributes 
   
   
 Change in indefinite reinvestment assertion  (2) 
   
    
 Other 
   
   
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
   


 
   Provisional income tax expense (benefit) – recognized in fiscal year 2018 
    
 $ 
 65.9 
   
   
 $ 
 (10.5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 85.0 
   
    
 $ 
 1.9 
   
   
 $ 
 142.3 
   
 
   Income tax (benefit) expense adjustment – recognized in fiscal year 2019 
    
 $ 
 (19.7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1.6 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (0.3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (18.4 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) related to the Tax Act 
    
 $ 
 46.2 
   
   
 $ 
 (8.9 
 )  
   
 $ 
 85.0 
   
    
 $ 
 1.6 
   
   
 $ 
 123.9 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The calculation of the  one-time  transition tax is based upon post-1986
earnings and profits, applicable foreign tax credits and relevant limitations, utilization of U.S. federal net operating losses and tax credits and the amount of foreign earnings held in cash and  non-cash 
assets. The adjustments during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 were primarily related to further analysis of the Company’s utilization of foreign tax credits and applicable limitations.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The liability recorded for a change in the indefinite reinvestment assertion on certain earnings from the
Company’s foreign subsidiaries is primarily associated with foreign withholding taxes that would be incurred upon such future remittances of cash.  
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities  
 Significant components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized below (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net operating loss carry forward 
    
 $ 
 183,297 
   
   
 $ 
 119,259 
   
 
   Receivables 
    
   
 6,165 
   
   
   
 7,111 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 9,590 
   
   
   
 7,634 
   
 
   Compensated absences 
    
   
 10,401 
   
   
   
 8,266 
   
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
   
 81,731 
   
   
   
 81,912 
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation and
amortization 
    
   
 66,268 
   
   
   
 97,420 
   
 
   Domestic federal and state tax credits 
    
   
 42,464 
   
   
   
 70,153 
   
 
   Foreign jurisdiction tax credits 
    
   
 15,345 
   
   
   
 25,887 
   
 
   Equity compensation – Domestic 
    
   
 7,617 
   
   
   
 7,566 
   
 
   Equity compensation – Foreign 
    
   
 2,179 
   
   
   
 2,401 
   
 
   Domestic federal interest carry forward 
    
   
 5,853 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Cash flow hedges 
    
   
 9,878 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Unrecognized capital loss carry forward 
    
   
 7,799 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Revenue recognition 
    
   
 19,195 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 21,907 
   
   
   
 18,176 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowances 
    
   
 489,689 
   
   
   
 445,785 
   
 
   Less valuation allowances 
    
   
 (287,604 
 )  
   
   
 (223,487 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 202,085 
   
   
 $ 
 222,298 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
    
   
 75,387 
   
   
   
 74,654 
   
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 39,242 
   
   
   
 39,122 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 4,447 
   
   
   
 4,655 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
    
 $ 
 119,076 
   
   
 $ 
 118,431 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 83,009 
   
   
 $ 
 103,867 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      74  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Based on the Company’s historical operating income, projection of future taxable
income, scheduled reversal of taxable temporary differences, and tax planning strategies, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances recorded.
The net increase in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 is primarily related to the increase of a net operating loss carry forward due to a release of a  non-U.S. 
unrecognized tax benefit and the increase of deferred tax assets in sites with existing valuation allowances. The decrease in domestic federal and state tax credits is primarily related to the utilization of tax credits against the  one-time  transition tax.    As of August 31, 2019, the Company intends to indefinitely reinvest the
remaining earnings from its foreign subsidiaries for which a deferred tax liability has not already been recorded. The accumulated earnings are the most significant component of the basis difference which is indefinitely reinvested. As of
August 31, 2019, the indefinitely reinvested earnings in foreign subsidiaries upon which taxes had not been provided were approximately $1.9 billion. The estimated amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these reinvested
earnings was approximately $0.2 billion.    Tax Carryforwards  
 The amount and expiration dates of income tax net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, which are available to reduce
future taxes, if any, as of August 31, 2019 are as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
    
 Last Fiscal Year of Expiration 
   
    
 Amount 
   


 
   Income tax net operating loss
carryforwards: (1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Domestic – state 
    
   
 2039 
   
    
 $ 
 57,299 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 2039 or indefinite 
   
    
 $ 
 565,609 
   
 
   Tax credit carryforwards: (1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Domestic – federal 
    
   
 2029 
   
    
 $ 
 39,784 
   
 
   Domestic – state 
    
   
 2027 
   
    
 $ 
 3,313 
   
 
   Foreign (2) 
    
   
 2027 or indefinite 
   
    
 $ 
 15,345 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Net of unrecognized tax benefits.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Calculated based on the deferral method and includes foreign investment tax credits.  
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits  
 Reconciliation of the unrecognized tax benefits is summarized below (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 256,705 
   
   
 $ 
 201,355 
   
   
 $ 
 149,898 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 20,158 
   
   
   
 14,465 
   
   
   
 2,155 
   
 
   Reductions for tax positions of prior
years (1) 
    
   
 (106,252 
 )  
   
   
 (21,045 
 )  
   
   
 (12,233 
 )  
 
   Additions for tax positions related to current
year (2) 
    
   
 35,769 
   
   
   
 81,866 
   
   
   
 77,807 
   
 
   Cash settlements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,659 
 )  
   
   
 (2,298 
 )  
 
   Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations 
    
   
 (2,570 
 )  
   
   
 (7,496 
 )  
   
   
 (10,446 
 )  
 
   Reductions from settlements with taxing
authorities (3) 
    
   
 (35,582 
 )  
   
   
 (5,928 
 )  
   
   
 (6,061 
 )  
 
   Foreign exchange rate adjustment 
    
   
 (3,845 
 )  
   
   
 (4,853 
 )  
   
   
 2,533 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 164,383 
   
   
 $ 
 256,705 
   
   
 $ 
 201,355 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate (if recognized) 
    
 $ 
 93,237 
   
   
 $ 
 117,455 
   
   
 $ 
 75,223 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The reductions for tax positions of prior years for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 are primarily
related to a  non-U.S.  taxing authority ruling related to certain  non-U.S.  net operating loss carry forwards, offset with a valuation allowance and the impacts of the Tax
Act.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The additions for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2018 are primarily related to the impacts of
the Tax Act and taxation of certain intercompany transactions. The additions for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 are primarily related to certain  non-U.S.  net operating loss carry forwards,
previously offset with a valuation allowance, that can no longer be recognized due to an internal restructuring.  
 
 
 (3) 
   The reductions from settlements with taxing authorities for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 are
primarily related to the settlement of a U.S. audit.  
      75  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income
tax expense. The Company’s accrued interest and penalties were approximately $18.9 million and $20.4 million as of August 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The Company recognized interest and penalties of approximately $(1.5)
million, $(6.7) million and $5.2 million during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.    It is
reasonably possible that the August 31, 2019 unrecognized tax benefits could decrease during the next 12 months by $5.8 million, primarily related to a state settlement.  
 The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examinations for fiscal years before August 31, 2015. In major  non-U.S.  and state jurisdictions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations for fiscal years before August 31, 2009.  
 The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) completed its field examination of the Company’s tax returns for fiscal years 2009 through
2011 and issued a Revenue Agent’s Report (“RAR”) on May 27, 2015, which was updated on June 22, 2016. The IRS completed its field examination of the Company’s tax returns for fiscal years 2012 through 2014 and issued an
RAR on April 19, 2017. The proposed adjustments in the RAR from both examination periods relate primarily to U.S. taxation of certain intercompany transactions. On May 8, 2019, the tax return audits for fiscal years 2009 through 2014 were
effectively settled when the Company agreed to the IRS Office of Appeals’ Form  870-AD  (Offer to Waive Restrictions on Assessment and Collection of Tax Deficiency and to Accept Overassessment) adjustments,
which were substantially lower than the initial RAR proposed adjustments. The settlement did not have a material effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows and no additional tax liabilities were recorded.
   5. Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   


 
   Land and improvements 
    
 $ 
 146,719 
   
    
 $ 
 144,136 
   
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 962,559 
   
    
   
 849,975 
   
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 1,092,787 
   
    
   
 1,013,428 
   
 
   Machinery and equipment 
    
   
 4,262,015 
   
    
   
 3,983,025 
   
 
   Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 
    
   
 209,257 
   
    
   
 192,243 
   
 
   Computer hardware and software 
    
   
 671,252 
   
    
   
 601,955 
   
 
   Transportation equipment 
    
   
 16,423 
   
    
   
 17,215 
   
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 83,234 
   
    
   
 42,984 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 7,444,246 
   
    
   
 6,844,961 
   
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 4,110,496 
   
    
   
 3,646,945 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,333,750 
   
    
 $ 
 3,198,016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Depreciation and maintenance and repair expenses were as follows for the periods indicated (in thousands):
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Depreciation expense 
    
 $ 
 739,910 
   
    
 $ 
 735,213 
   
    
 $ 
 724,856 
   
 
   Maintenance and repair expense 
    
 $ 
 288,309 
   
    
 $ 
 266,691 
   
    
 $ 
 234,332 
   
   As of August 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had $235.2 million and $253.6 million,
respectively, included in accounts payable for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, which is considered a  non-cash  investing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  
      76  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
 The Company completed its annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of fiscal year
2019 and determined the fair values of the reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets were in excess of the carrying values and that no impairment existed as of the date of the impairment test.  
 The following table presents the changes in goodwill allocated to the Company’s reportable segments, Electronics Manufacturing Services
(“EMS”) and Diversified Manufacturing Services (“DMS”), during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 EMS 
   
   
 DMS 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance as of August 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 52,574 
   
   
 $ 
 555,610 
   
   
 $ 
 608,184 
   
 
   Acquisitions and adjustments (1) 
    
   
 30,763 
   
   
   
 (8,186 
 )  
   
   
 22,577 
   
 
   Change in foreign currency exchange rates 
    
   
 (667 
 )  
   
   
 (2,349 
 )  
   
   
 (3,016 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2018 
    
   
 82,670 
   
   
   
 545,075 
   
   
   
 627,745 
   
 
   Change in foreign currency exchange rates 
    
   
 (702 
 )  
   
   
 (4,788 
 )  
   
   
 (5,490 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 81,968 
   
   
 $ 
 540,287 
   
   
 $ 
 622,255 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes $8.2 million of goodwill reallocated between DMS and EMS during fiscal year 2018.
   The following table is a summary of the Company’s gross goodwill balances and accumulated impairments as of the
periods indicated (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Impairment 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Impairment 
   


 
   Goodwill 
    
 $ 
 1,642,077 
   
    
 $ 
 1,019,822 
   
    
 $ 
 1,647,567 
   
    
 $ 
 1,019,822 
   
   The following table presents the Company’s total purchased intangible assets as of August 31, 2019
and 2018 (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Weighted Average Amortization Period (in years) 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net Carrying Amount 
   


 
   Contractual agreements and customer relationships 
    
   
 12 
   
    
 $ 
 292,797 
   
    
 $ 
 (175,199 
 )  
   
 $ 
 117,598 
   
    
 $ 
 289,947 
   
    
 $ 
 (153,415 
 )  
   
 $ 
 136,532 
   
 
   Intellectual property 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 173,771 
   
    
   
 (157,606 
 )  
   
   
 16,165 
   
    
   
 168,181 
   
    
   
 (148,672 
 )  
   
   
 19,509 
   
 
   Finite-lived trade names 
    
   
 Not applicable 
   
    
   
 77,536 
   
    
   
 (5,036 
 )  
   
   
 72,500 
   
    
   
 5,091 
   
    
   
 (5,091 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 Indefinite 
   
    
   
 50,590 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 50,590 
   
    
   
 123,090 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 123,090 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
   
 11 
   
    
 $ 
 594,694 
   
    
 $ 
 (337,841 
 )  
   
 $ 
 256,853 
   
    
 $ 
 586,309 
   
    
 $ 
 (307,178 
 )  
   
 $ 
 279,131 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, the Company made a strategic decision that the indefinite-lived
trade name of $72.5 million acquired during the acquisition of Nypro would be phased out over the next four years. In connection with a strategic shift to further diversify our portfolio, focus on innovation and technology within the
Company’s healthcare business and as a result of the strategic collaboration with a certain medical device company, management decided to implement a rebranding initiative to Jabil Healthcare. Management believes the name change better
leverages the Jabil brand and the full range of services available to its customers.    As a result of the decision to rebrand, the Company
determined the indefinite-lived trade name should no longer be classified as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. Accordingly, prior to reclassifying the trade name to a finite-lived intangible asset, the Company tested it for impairment and
determined the fair value of the asset exceeded the carrying value. As such, this trade name was assigned a four-year estimated useful life and will be amortized on an accelerated basis.  
      77  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Intangible asset amortization for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 was approximately
$31.9 million, $38.5 million and $35.5 million, respectively. The estimated future amortization expense is as follows (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
    
   
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 54,165 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 43,780 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 28,291 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 25,877 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 10,976 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 43,174 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 206,263 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   7. Accrued Expenses  
 Accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   


 
   Contract liabilities 
    
 $ 
 511,329 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Deferred income 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 691,365 
   
 
   Accrued compensation and employee benefits 
    
   
 600,907 
   
    
   
 570,400 
   
 
   Obligation associated with securitization programs 
    
   
 475,251 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other accrued expenses 
    
   
 1,402,657 
   
    
   
 1,000,979 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 2,990,144 
   
    
 $ 
 2,262,744 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   8. Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt  
 Notes payable and long-term debt outstanding as of August 31, 2019 and 2018 are summarized below (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Maturity Date 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   


 
   5.625% Senior Notes (1)(2) 
    
   
 Dec 15, 2020 
   
    
   
 398,886 
   
    
   
 397,995 
   
 
   4.700% Senior Notes (1)(2) 
    
   
 Sep 15, 2022 
   
    
   
 498,004 
   
    
   
 497,350 
   
 
   4.900% Senior Notes (1) 
    
   
 Jul 14, 2023 
   
    
   
 299,057 
   
    
   
 298,814 
   
 
   3.950% Senior Notes (1)(2)(3) 
    
   
 Jan 12, 2028 
   
    
   
 494,825 
   
    
   
 494,208 
   
 
   Borrowings under credit
facilities (4)(5)(6) 
    
   
 Nov 8, 2022 and Aug 24, 2020 
     
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Borrowings under loans (4)(5) 
    
   
 Nov 8, 2022 and Aug 24, 2020 
     
    
   
 805,693 
   
    
   
 830,332 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total notes payable and long-term debt 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,496,465 
   
    
   
 2,518,699 
   
 
   Less current installments of notes payable and long-term debt 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 375,181 
   
    
   
 25,197 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Notes payable and long-term debt, less current installments 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,121,284 
   
    
 $ 
 2,493,502 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The notes are carried at the principal amount of each note, less any unamortized discount and unamortized debt
issuance costs.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The Senior Notes are the Company’s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all other existing
and future senior unsecured debt obligations.  
 
 
 (3) 
   During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, the Company issued $500.0 million of publicly
registered 3.950% Senior Notes due 2028 (the “3.950% Senior Notes”). The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes, including to redeem $400.0 million of the Company’s outstanding 8.250% Senior Notes
due 2018 and pay related costs and a “make-whole” premium.  
 
 
 (4) 
   On November 8, 2017, the Company entered into an amended and restated senior unsecured five-year credit
agreement to support the continued growth of the business. In addition, the revolving credit facility supports commercial paper outstanding, if any. The credit agreement provides for: (i) a Revolving Credit Facility in the initial amount of
$1.8 billion, which may, subject to the lenders’ discretion, potentially be increased up to $2.3 billion (“the 2017 Revolving Credit Facility”) and (ii) a $500.0 million Term Loan Facility (“the 2017 Term Loan
Facility”), collectively “the 2017 Credit Facility.” The 2017 Credit Facility expires on November 8, 2022. The 2017 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to two whole or partial  one-year 
extensions, at the lender’s discretion. Interest and fees on the 2017 Credit Facility advances are based on the Company’s  non-credit  enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt rating as determined by
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, Moody’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings.  
      78  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, the interest rates on the 2017 Revolving
Credit Facility ranged from 3.1% to 5.7% and the 2017 Term Loan Facility ranged from 3.5% to 3.9%. Interest is charged at a rate equal to (a) for the 2017 Revolving Credit Facility, either 0.000% to 0.575% above the base rate or 0.975% to
1.575% above the Eurocurrency rate and (b) for the 2017 Term Loan Facility, either 0.125% to 0.875% above the base rate or 1.125% to 1.875% above the Eurocurrency rate. The base rate represents the greatest of: (i) Citibank, N.A.’s
prime rate, (ii) 0.50% above the federal funds rate, and (iii) 1.0% above  one-month  LIBOR, but not less than zero. The Eurocurrency rate represents adjusted LIBOR or adjusted CDOR, as applicable, for
the applicable interest period, but not less than zero. Fees include a facility fee based on the revolving credit commitments of the lenders and a letter of credit fee based on the amount of outstanding letters of credit.  
 
 
 (5) 
   On August 24, 2018, the Company entered into a senior unsecured
 two-year  credit agreement to support the continued growth of the business. The credit agreement provides for: (i) a Revolving Credit Facility in the initial amount of $150.0 million (“the 2018
Revolving Credit Facility”) and (ii) a $350.0 million Term Loan Facility (“the 2018 Term Loan Facility”), collectively “the 2018 Credit Facility.” The 2018 Credit Facility expires on August 24, 2020.
   During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, the interest rates on the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility ranged from
3.1% to 3.4% and the 2018 Term Loan Facility ranged from 3.3% to 3.8%. Interest is charged at a rate equal to (a) for the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility, either the base rate or 0.9750% above the Eurocurrency rate and (b) for the 2018 Term
Loan Facility, either 0.125% above the base rate or 1.125% above the Eurocurrency rate. The base rate represents the greatest of: (i) Mizuho Bank, Ltd.’s prime rate, (ii) 0.50% above the federal funds rate, and (iii) 1.0% above  one-month  LIBOR, but not less than zero. The Eurocurrency rate represents adjusted LIBOR for the applicable interest period, but not less than zero. Fees include a facility fee based on the revolving credit
commitments of the lenders.    Additionally, the Company’s foreign subsidiaries had various additional credit facilities that finance
their future growth and any corresponding working capital needs.    As of August 31, 2019, the Company has $2.6 billion, in
available unused borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facilities.  
 
 
 (6) 
   On August 15, 2019, the Company entered into a commercial paper program with a borrowing capacity of up to
$1.8 billion. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper to support more efficient financing terms. The revolving credit facility supports commercial paper outstanding, if any. As of August 31, 2019, no
commercial paper had been issued.    In the ordinary course of business, the Company has letters of credit and surety
bonds with banks and insurance companies outstanding of $119.1 million as of August 31, 2019. Unused letters of credit were $74.7 million as of August 31, 2019. Letters of credit and surety bonds are generally available for draw
down in the event the Company does not perform.    Debt Maturities  
 Debt maturities as of August 31, 2019 are as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
    
   
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 375,181 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 441,858 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 49,797 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 1,134,613 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 120 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 494,896 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,496,465 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Debt Covenants  
 Borrowings under the Company’s debt agreements are subject to various covenants that limit the Company’s ability to: incur additional
indebtedness, sell assets, effect mergers and certain transactions, and effect certain transactions with subsidiaries and affiliates. In addition, the 2017 and 2018 Revolving Credit Facilities and the 4.900% Senior Notes contain debt leverage and
interest coverage covenants. The Company is also subject to certain covenants requiring the Company to offer to repurchase the 5.625%, 4.700%, 4.900% or 3.950% Senior Notes upon a change of control. As of August 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company
was in compliance with its debt covenants.    Fair Value  
 Refer to Note 16 – “Fair Value Measurements” for the estimated fair values of the Company’s notes payable and long-term
debt.  
      79  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  9. Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits  
 Postretirement Benefits    The
Company has a qualified defined benefit pension plan for employees of Jabil Circuit UK Limited (the “UK plan”). The UK plan, which is closed to new participants, provides benefits based on average employee earnings over a three-year
service period preceding retirement and length of employee service. The Company’s policy is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements as set forth in UK employee benefit and tax laws plus such additional amounts as
are deemed appropriate by the Company.    Additionally, as a result of acquiring various other operations in Europe, Asia and Mexico the
Company assumed both qualified and unfunded nonqualified retirement benefits covering eligible employees who meet age and service requirements (the “other plans”).  
 The UK plan and other plans are collectively referred to herein as the “plans.”  
 Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets  
 The benefit obligations and plan assets, changes to the benefit obligation and plan assets and the funded status of the plans as of and for the
fiscal years ended August 31 are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   


 
   Change in projected benefit obligation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning projected benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 161,104 
   
   
 $ 
 167,714 
   
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 1,437 
   
   
   
 1,063 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 3,715 
   
   
   
 3,807 
   
 
   Actuarial loss (gain) 
    
   
 19,060 
   
   
   
 (6,019 
 )  
 
   Curtailments gain 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (998 
 )  
 
   Total benefits paid 
    
   
 (6,568 
 )  
   
   
 (6,211 
 )  
 
   Plan participants’ contributions 
    
   
 35 
   
   
   
 31 
   
 
   Amendments 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,864 
   
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 6,040 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Effect of conversion to U.S. dollars 
    
   
 (10,133 
 )  
   
   
 (147 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending projected benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 174,690 
   
   
 $ 
 161,104 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in plan assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 151,715 
   
   
   
 146,698 
   
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 19,784 
   
   
   
 8,146 
   
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 1,717 
   
   
   
 1,811 
   
 
   Benefits paid from plan assets 
    
   
 (5,435 
 )  
   
   
 (4,758 
 )  
 
   Plan participants’ contributions 
    
   
 35 
   
   
   
 31 
   
 
   Effect of conversion to U.S. dollars 
    
   
 (9,715 
 )  
   
   
 (213 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending fair value of plan assets 
    
 $ 
 158,101 
   
   
 $ 
 151,715 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unfunded status 
    
 $ 
 (16,589 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9,389 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accrued benefit liability, current 
    
 $ 
 368 
   
   
 $ 
 428 
   
 
   Accrued benefit liability, noncurrent 
    
 $ 
 16,221 
   
   
 $ 
 8,961 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive
loss (1) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Actuarial loss, before tax 
    
 $ 
 24,343 
   
   
 $ 
 22,387 
   
 
   Prior service cost, before tax 
    
 $ 
 690 
   
   
 $ 
 719 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The Company anticipates amortizing $0.8 million and $0.0 million, before tax, of net actuarial loss
and prior service costs balances, respectively, to net periodic cost in fiscal year 2020.  
      80  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Net Periodic Benefit Cost  
 The following table provides information about the net periodic benefit cost for the plans for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands):
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 1,437 
   
   
 $ 
 1,063 
   
   
 $ 
 1,068 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 3,715 
   
   
   
 3,807 
   
   
   
 2,942 
   
 
   Expected long-term return on plan assets 
    
   
 (5,291 
 )  
   
   
 (5,954 
 )  
   
   
 (4,206 
 )  
 
   Recognized actuarial loss 
    
   
 741 
   
   
   
 1,127 
   
   
   
 1,929 
   
 
   Amortization of prior service credit 
    
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (88 
 )  
   
   
 (138 
 )  
 
   Net settlement loss 
    
   
 634 
   
   
   
 116 
   
   
   
 1,472 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 1,192 
   
   
 $ 
 71 
   
   
 $ 
 3,067 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   On September 1, 2018, the Company adopted a new accounting standard, which changes the presentation of
net periodic benefit cost in the Consolidated Statements of Operation. The Company adopted the standard on a retrospective basis which results in reclassifications for the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost from selling, general and
administrative expense to cost of revenue and for the other components from selling, general and administrative expense to other expense. Prior periods have not been reclassified due to immateriality.  
 Assumptions    Weighted-average
actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost and projected benefit obligation for the plans for the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Net periodic benefit cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected long-term return on plan
assets (1) 
    
   
 3.6 
 %  
   
   
 3.8 
 %  
   
   
 3.3 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
    
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
   
 3.3 
 %  
   
   
 2.7 
 %  
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 2.2 
 %  
   
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 1.9 
 %  
 
   Projected benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected long-term return on plan assets 
    
   
 2.0 
 %  
   
   
 3.6 
 %  
   
   
 4.0 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
    
   
 4.3 
 %  
   
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
   
 4.4 
 %  
 
   Discount rate (2) 
    
   
 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 2.2 
 %  
   
   
 2.3 
 %  
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The expected return on plan assets assumption used in calculating net periodic benefit cost is based on
historical return experience and estimates of future long-term performance with consideration to the expected investment mix of the plan.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The discount rate is used to state expected cash flows relating to future benefits at a present value on the
measurement date. This rate represents the market rate for high-quality fixed income investments whose timing would match the cash outflow of retirement benefits. Other assumptions include demographic factors such as retirement, mortality and
turnover.    Plan Assets  
 The Company has adopted an investment policy for a majority of plan assets, which was set by plan trustees who have the responsibility for
making investment decisions related to the plan assets. The plan trustees oversee the investment allocation, including selecting professional investment managers and setting strategic targets. The investment objectives for the assets are (1) to
acquire suitable assets that hold the appropriate liquidity in order to generate income and capital growth that, along with new contributions, will meet the cost of current and future benefits under the plan, (2) to limit the risk of the plan
assets from failing to meet the plan liabilities over the long-term and (3) to minimize the long-term costs under the plan by maximizing the return on the plan assets.  
      81  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Investment policies and strategies governing the assets of the plans are designed to achieve
investment objectives with prudent risk parameters. Risk management practices include the use of external investment managers; the maintenance of a portfolio diversified by asset class, investment approach and security holdings; and the maintenance
of sufficient liquidity to meet benefit obligations as they come due. Within the equity securities class, the investment policy provides for investments in a broad range of publicly traded securities including both domestic and international stocks.
Within the debt securities class, the investment policy provides for investments in corporate bonds as well as fixed and variable interest debt instruments. The Company currently expects to achieve a target mix of 35% equity and 65% debt securities
in fiscal year 2020.    Fair Value  
 The fair values of the plan assets held by the Company by asset category are as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
   
 August 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Asset Allocation 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Asset Allocation 
   


 
   Asset Category 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
    
   
 Level 1 
   
    
 $ 
 7,705 
   
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 6,682 
   
    
   
 4 
 %  
 
   Equity Securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Global equity securities (2)(3) 
    
   
 Level 2 
   
    
   
 20,215 
   
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 35,932 
   
    
   
 24 
 %  
 
   Debt Securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate bonds (3) 
    
   
 Level 2 
   
    
   
 42,522 
   
    
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 41,088 
   
    
   
 27 
 %  
 
   Government bonds (3) 
    
   
 Level 2 
   
    
   
 69,880 
   
    
   
 44 
 %  
   
   
 51,597 
   
    
   
 34 
 %  
 
   Other Investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Insurance contracts (4) 
    
   
 Level 3 
   
    
   
 17,779 
   
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 16,416 
   
    
   
 11 
 %  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 158,101 
   
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 151,715 
   
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Carrying value approximates fair value.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Investments in equity securities by companies incorporated, listed or domiciled in developed and/or emerging
market countries.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Investments in global equity securities, corporate bonds, government securities and government bonds are valued
using the quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Consist of an insurance contract that guarantees the payment of the funded pension entitlements, as well as
provides a profit share to the Company. The profit share in this contract is not based on actual investments, but, instead on a notional investment portfolio that is expected to return a  pre-defined  rate.
Insurance contract assets are recorded at fair value and is determined based on the cash surrender value of the insured benefits which is the present value of the guaranteed funded benefits. Insurance contracts are valued using unobservable inputs
(Level 3 inputs), primarily by discounting expected future cash flows relating to benefits paid from a notional investment portfolio in order to determine the cash surrender value of the policy. The unobservable inputs consist of estimated future
benefits to be paid throughout the duration of the policy and estimated discount rates, which both have an immaterial impact on the fair value estimate of the contract.  
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation  
 The following table provides information for the plans with an accumulated benefit obligation for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 (in thousands):
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   


 
   Projected benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 174,690 
   
    
 $ 
 161,104 
   
 
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 161,729 
   
    
 $ 
 152,380 
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
 $ 
 158,101 
   
    
 $ 
 151,715 
   
 
      82  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Cash Flows  
 The Company expects to make cash contributions between $0.4 million and $0.6 million to its funded pension plans during fiscal year
2020. The estimated future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
    
 Amount 
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 5,017 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 4,788 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 5,365 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 5,877 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 6,274 
   
 
   2025 through 2029 
    
   
 40,828 
   
   Profit Sharing, 401(k) Plan and Defined Contribution Plans  
 The Company provides retirement benefits to its domestic employees who have completed a  30-day  period
of service through a 401(k) plan that provides a matching contribution by the Company. The Company also has defined contribution benefit plans for certain of its international employees. The Company contributed approximately $49.0 million,
$40.5 million and $33.6 million for defined contribution plans for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 10. Commitments and Contingencies    Lease Agreements
   The Company leases certain facilities under  non-cancelable  operating leases. Lease
agreements may contain lease escalation clauses and purchase or renewal options. The Company recognizes scheduled lease escalation clauses over the course of the applicable lease term on a straight-line basis in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. The future minimum lease payments under  non-cancelable  operating leases as of August 31, 2019 were as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Year Ending August 31, 
    
 Amount 
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 118,312 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 102,915 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 84,729 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 63,206 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 51,091 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 182,932 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total minimum lease payments 
    
 $ 
 603,185 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Total operating lease expense was approximately $125.4 million, $130.2 million and
$117.2 million for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.    Legal Proceedings  
 The Company is party to certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. The Company does not believe that these proceedings, individually
or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    11.
Stockholders’ Equity    The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense within selling, general and administrative expense
as follows (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Restricted stock units 
    
 $ 
 53,766 
   
    
 $ 
 84,082 
   
    
 $ 
 42,122 
   
 
   Employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 7,580 
   
    
   
 6,891 
   
    
   
 6,334 
   
 
   Other  (1) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7,538 
   
    
   
 88 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 61,346 
   
    
 $ 
 98,511 
   
    
 $ 
 48,544 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, represents a  one-time 
cash-settled stock award that vested on November 30, 2017.  
      83  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Equity Compensation Plan  
 The 2011 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the “2011 Plan”) provides for the grant of restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit
awards and other stock-based awards. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be subject to awards under the 2011 Plan is 23,300,000.  
 Following is a reconciliation of the shares available to be issued under the 2011 Plan as of August 31, 2019:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares Available for Grant 
   


 
   Balance as of August 31, 2018 
    
   
 12,837,158 
   
 
   Restricted stock units granted, net of
forfeitures (1) 
    
   
 (796,577 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2019 
    
   
 12,040,581 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Represents the maximum number of shares that can be issued based on the achievement of certain performance
criteria.    Stock Appreciation Rights (“SARS”)  
 The following table summarizes SARS activity from August 31, 2018 through August 31, 2019:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 SARS Outstanding 
   
   
 Average Intrinsic Value (in thousands) 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (years) 
   


 
   Outstanding as of August 31, 2018 
    
   
 156,801 
   
   
 $ 
 1,748 
   
    
 $ 
 18.41 
   
    
   
 3.10 
   
 
   SARS exercised 
    
   
 (33,300 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 18.24 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding and exercisable as of August 31, 2019 
    
   
 123,501 
   
   
 $ 
 1,278 
   
    
 $ 
 18.46 
   
    
   
 2.11 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   Restricted Stock Units  
 Certain key employees have been granted time-based, performance-based and market-based restricted stock units. The time-based restricted stock
units granted generally vest on a graded vesting schedule over three years. The performance-based restricted stock units generally vest on a cliff vesting schedule over three years and up to a maximum of 150%, depending on the specified performance
condition and the level of achievement obtained. The performance-based restricted stock units have a vesting condition that is based upon the Company’s cumulative adjusted core earnings per share during the performance period. The market-based
restricted stock units generally vest on a cliff vesting schedule over three years and up to a maximum of 200%, depending on the specified performance condition and the level of achievement obtained. The market-based restricted stock units have a
vesting condition that is tied to the Company’s total shareholder return based on the Company’s stock performance in relation to the companies in the Standard and Poor’s (S&P) Super Composite Technology Hardware and Equipment
Index excluding the Company.    On October 6, 2017, the Company’s Compensation Committee approved the modification of vesting
criteria for certain performance-based restricted stock units granted in fiscal year 2015. As a result of the modification, 0.8 million awards vested during the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, which resulted in approximately
$24.9 million of stock-based compensation expense recognized.  
      84  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table summarizes restricted stock units activity from August 31, 2018
through August 31, 2019:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Outstanding as of August 31, 2018 
    
   
 8,352,307 
   
   
 $ 
 24.34 
   
 
   Changes during the period 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Shares granted (1) 
    
   
 3,144,205 
   
   
 $ 
 25.25 
   
 
   Shares vested 
    
   
 (1,983,411 
 )  
   
 $ 
 25.07 
   
 
   Shares forfeited 
    
   
 (2,347,628 
 )  
   
 $ 
 24.78 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding as of August 31, 2019 
    
   
 7,165,473 
   
   
 $ 
 26.27 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
   For those shares granted that are based on the achievement of certain performance criteria, the amount
represents the maximum number of shares that can vest. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, the Company awarded approximately 1.6 million time-based restricted stock units, 0.4 million performance-based restricted stock units
and 0.4 million market-based restricted stock units based on target performance criteria.    The following table
represents the restricted stock units and SARS stock-based compensation information for the periods indicated (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Intrinsic value of SARS exercised 
    
 $ 
 335 
   
    
 $ 
 909 
   
    
 $ 
 5,053 
   
 
   Fair value of restricted stock units vested 
    
 $ 
 49,725 
   
    
 $ 
 62,592 
   
    
 $ 
 44,010 
   
 
   Tax benefit for stock compensation
expense (1) 
    
 $ 
 611 
   
    
 $ 
 1,122 
   
    
 $ 
 560 
   
 
   Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense — restricted stock units 
    
 $ 
 41,778 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Remaining weighted-average period for restricted stock units expense 
    
   
 1.3 years 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Classified as income tax expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    The
maximum aggregate number of shares that are available for issuance under the 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”) is 12,000,000.  
 Employees are eligible to participate in the ESPP after 90 days of employment with the Company. The ESPP permits eligible employees to
purchase common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed 10% of an employee’s compensation, as defined in the ESPP, at a price equal to 85% of the fair value of the common stock at the beginning or end of the offering period,
whichever is lower. The ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. As of August 31, 2019, 3,397,019 shares remained available for issue under the 2011 ESPP.  
 The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP was estimated on the commencement date of each offering period using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The following weighted-average assumptions were used in the model for each respective period:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 0.8 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.3 
 %  
   
   
 1.4 
 %  
   
   
 0.5 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility (1) 
    
   
 28.6 
 %  
   
   
 23.0 
 %  
   
   
 33.0 
 %  
 
   Expected life 
    
   
 0.5 years 
   
   
   
 0.5 years 
   
   
   
 0.5 years 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatility derived from the Company’s common
stock.  
      85  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Dividends  
 The following table sets forth certain information relating to the Company’s cash dividends declared to common stockholders during fiscal
years 2019 and 2018:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Dividend Declaration Date 
   
    
 Dividend per Share 
   
    
 Total of Cash Dividends Declared 
   
    
 Date of Record for Dividend Payment 
   
    
 Dividend Cash Payment Date 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except for per share data) 
   


 
   Fiscal Year 2019: 
    
   
 October 18, 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 13,226 
   
    
   
 November 15, 2018 
   
    
   
 December 3, 2018 
   
 
 
    
   
 January 24, 2019 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 12,706 
   
    
   
 February 15, 2019 
   
    
   
 March 1, 2019 
   
 
 
    
   
 April 18, 2019 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 12,681 
   
    
   
 May 15, 2019 
   
    
   
 June 3, 2019 
   
 
 
    
   
 July 18, 2019 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 12,724 
   
    
   
 August 15, 2019 
   
    
   
 September 3, 2019 
   
 
   Fiscal Year 2018: 
    
   
 October 19, 2017 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 14,588 
   
    
   
 November 15, 2017 
   
    
   
 December 1, 2017 
   
 
 
    
   
 January 25, 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 14,272 
   
    
   
 February 15, 2018 
   
    
   
 March 1, 2018 
   
 
 
    
   
 April 19, 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 13,991 
   
    
   
 May 15, 2018 
   
    
   
 June 1, 2018 
   
 
 
    
   
 July 18, 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 0.08 
   
    
 $ 
 13,677 
   
    
   
 August 15, 2018 
   
    
   
 September 4, 2018 
   
   Share Repurchases  
 In September 2019, the Company’s Board of Directors (“the Board”) authorized the repurchase of up to $600.0 million of the
Company’s common stock as part of a  two-year  capital allocation framework (“the 2020 Share Repurchase Program”). From September 24, 2019 through October 14, 2019, the Company
repurchased 874,475 shares, utilizing a total of $30.8 million of the $600.0 million authorized by the Board.    Common Stock Outstanding
   The following represents the common stock outstanding for the fiscal year ended:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Common stock outstanding: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balances 
    
   
 164,588,172 
   
   
   
 177,727,653 
   
   
   
 186,998,472 
   
 
   Shares issued upon exercise of stock options 
    
   
 11,348 
   
   
   
 30,832 
   
   
   
 172,620 
   
 
   Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 1,282,042 
   
   
   
 1,105,400 
   
   
   
 1,228,316 
   
 
   Vesting of restricted stock 
    
   
 1,983,261 
   
   
   
 2,727,229 
   
   
   
 2,102,049 
   
 
   Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans 
    
   
 (489,836 
 )  
   
   
 (793,052 
 )  
   
   
 (550,096 
 )  
 
   Treasury shares purchased (1) 
    
   
 (13,854,607 
 )  
   
   
 (16,209,890 
 )  
   
   
 (12,223,708 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balances 
    
   
 153,520,380 
   
   
   
 164,588,172 
   
   
   
 177,727,653 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   During fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of
$350.0 million, $450.0 million and $400.0 million, respectively, of the Company’s common stock under share repurchase programs, which were repurchased during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 12. Concentration of Risk and Segment Data  
 Concentration of Risk    Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and trade receivables. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with various domestic and foreign financial
institutions. Deposits held with the financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits, but may generally be redeemed upon demand. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of the
financial institutions and attempts to limit exposure with any one institution. For trade receivables, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral. The Company maintains an allowance for
potential credit losses on trade receivables.  
      86  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Sales of the Company’s products are concentrated among specific customers. For fiscal
year 2019, the Company’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 42% of its net revenue and 85 customers accounted for approximately 90% of its net revenue. As the Company is a provider of manufacturing services and solutions and
products are built based on customer specifications, it is impracticable to provide revenues from external customers for each product and service. Sales to the following customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s net revenues,
expressed as a percentage of consolidated net revenue, and the percentage of accounts receivable for the customer, were as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Percentage of Net Revenue Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
   
 Percentage of Accounts Receivable as of August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   


 
   Apple, Inc. (1) 
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 
 *  
   
   
 
 *  
     
 
 
 * 
   Amount was less than 10% of total.  
 
 
 (1) 
   Sales to this customer were reported in the DMS operating segment.  
 The Company procures components from a broad group of suppliers. Some of the products manufactured by the Company require one or more
components that are available from only a single source.    Segment Data  
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenues and incur
expenses; for which separate financial information is available; and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of the individual segment and make decisions about resources to be
allocated to the segment.    The Company derives its revenue from providing comprehensive electronics design, production and product
management services. The chief operating decision maker evaluates performance and allocates resources on a segment basis. The Company’s operating segments consist of two segments – EMS and DMS, which are also the Company’s reportable
segments. The segments are organized based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing capabilities, market strategy, margins, return on capital and risk profiles.  
 The EMS segment is focused around leveraging IT, supply chain design and engineering, technologies largely centered on core electronics,
utilizing the Company’s large scale manufacturing infrastructure and the ability to serve a broad range of end markets. The EMS segment is a high volume business that produces products at a quicker rate (i.e. cycle time) and in larger
quantities and includes customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, capital equipment, cloud, computing and storage, defense and aerospace, industrial and energy, networking and telecommunications, print and retail, and smart home and
appliances industries.    The DMS segment is focused on providing engineering solutions, with an emphasis on material sciences, technologies
and healthcare. The DMS segment includes customers primarily in the edge devices and accessories, healthcare, mobility and packaging industries.  
 Net revenue for the operating segments is attributed to the segment in which the service is performed. An operating segment’s performance
is evaluated based on its  pre-tax  operating contribution, or segment income. Segment income is defined as net revenue less cost of revenue, segment selling, general and administrative expenses, segment
research and development expenses and an allocation of corporate manufacturing expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. Segment income does not include amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and related
charges, restructuring and related charges, distressed customer charges, acquisition and integration charges, loss on disposal of subsidiaries, settlement of receivables and related charges, impairment of notes receivable and related charges,
restructuring of securities loss, goodwill impairment charges, business interruption and impairment charges, net, income (loss) from discontinued operations, gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations, other expense, interest income, interest
expense, income tax expense or adjustment for net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.    Total segment assets are
defined as accounts receivable, inventories, net, customer-related property, plant and equipment, intangible assets net of accumulated amortization and goodwill. All other  non-segment  assets are reviewed on a
global basis by management. Transactions between operating segments are generally recorded at amounts that approximate those at which we would transact with third parties.  
      87  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following tables set forth operating segment information (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   EMS 
    
 $ 
 15,430,529 
   
    
 $ 
 12,268,600 
   
    
 $ 
 11,077,622 
   
 
   DMS 
    
   
 9,851,791 
   
    
   
 9,826,816 
   
    
   
 7,985,499 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
    
 $ 
 22,095,416 
   
    
 $ 
 19,063,121 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Segment income and reconciliation of income before tax 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   EMS 
    
 $ 
 480,047 
   
   
 $ 
 451,149 
   
   
 $ 
 436,110 
   
 
   DMS 
    
   
 396,564 
   
   
   
 316,998 
   
   
   
 230,893 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total segment income 
    
 $ 
 876,611 
   
   
 $ 
 768,147 
   
   
 $ 
 667,003 
   
 
   Reconciling items: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 (31,923 
 )  
   
   
 (38,490 
 )  
   
   
 (35,524 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation expense and related charges 
    
   
 (61,346 
 )  
   
   
 (98,511 
 )  
   
   
 (48,544 
 )  
 
   Restructuring and related charges 
    
   
 (25,914 
 )  
   
   
 (36,902 
 )  
   
   
 (160,395 
 )  
 
   Distressed customer charges 
    
   
 (6,235 
 )  
   
   
 (32,710 
 )  
   
   
 (10,198 
 )  
 
   Business interruption and impairment charges, net 
(1) 
    
   
 2,860 
   
   
   
 (11,299 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Acquisition and integration charges 
    
   
 (52,697 
 )  
   
   
 (8,082 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,112 
 )  
 
   Restructuring of securities loss 
    
   
 (29,632 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 (53,750 
 )  
   
   
 (37,563 
 )  
   
   
 (28,448 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 21,460 
   
   
   
 17,813 
   
   
   
 12,525 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (188,730 
 )  
   
   
 (149,002 
 )  
   
   
 (138,074 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income tax 
    
 $ 
 450,704 
   
   
 $ 
 373,401 
   
   
 $ 
 256,233 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Charges, net of insurance proceeds of $2.9 million and $24.9 million, for the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, relate to business interruption and asset impairment costs associated with damage from Hurricane Maria, which impacted operations in Cayey, Puerto Rico, which is classified as a component of cost of
revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   


 
   Total assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   EMS 
    
 $ 
 4,353,465 
   
    
 $ 
 3,456,866 
   
 
   DMS 
    
   
 4,988,198 
   
    
   
 5,378,436 
   
 
   Other  non-allocated  assets 
    
   
 3,628,812 
   
    
   
 3,210,339 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 12,970,475 
   
    
 $ 
 12,045,641 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      88  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Company operates in 30 countries worldwide. Sales to unaffiliated customers are based on
the Company location that maintains the customer relationship and transacts the external sale. The following tables set forth external net revenue, net of intercompany eliminations, and long-lived asset information where individual countries
represent a material portion of the total (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   External net revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Singapore 
    
 $ 
 6,718,495 
   
    
 $ 
 7,193,414 
   
    
 $ 
 5,585,837 
   
 
   China 
    
   
 4,958,462 
   
    
   
 4,585,355 
   
    
   
 4,012,950 
   
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 4,526,456 
   
    
   
 3,533,437 
   
    
   
 3,207,059 
   
 
   Malaysia 
    
   
 1,681,911 
   
    
   
 1,389,851 
   
    
   
 1,119,384 
   
 
   Hungary 
    
   
 809,031 
   
    
   
 897,033 
   
    
   
 944,448 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 3,489,398 
   
    
   
 2,651,632 
   
    
   
 2,547,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Foreign source revenue 
    
   
 22,183,753 
   
    
   
 20,250,722 
   
    
   
 17,417,428 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   U.S. 
    
   
 3,098,567 
   
    
   
 1,844,694 
   
    
   
 1,645,693 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
    
 $ 
 22,095,416 
   
    
 $ 
 19,063,121 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2018 
   


 
   Long-lived assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   China 
    
 $ 
 1,579,904 
   
    
 $ 
 1,770,732 
   
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 418,641 
   
    
   
 256,086 
   
 
   Singapore 
    
   
 156,028 
   
    
   
 191,506 
   
 
   Malaysia 
    
   
 154,386 
   
    
   
 113,011 
   
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 123,608 
   
    
   
 130,062 
   
 
   Hungary 
    
   
 85,809 
   
    
   
 91,063 
   
 
   Spain 
    
   
 77,855 
   
    
   
 79,991 
   
 
   Poland 
    
   
 57,794 
   
    
   
 60,847 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 412,498 
   
    
   
 334,466 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets related to foreign operations 
    
   
 3,066,523 
   
    
   
 3,027,764 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   U.S. 
    
   
 1,146,335 
   
    
   
 1,077,128 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,212,858 
   
    
 $ 
 4,104,892 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   13. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities  
 The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in certain market conditions. These changes in market conditions may adversely
impact the Company’s financial performance and are referred to as market risks. The Company, where deemed appropriate, uses derivatives as risk management tools to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The primary market risks
managed by the Company through the use of derivative instruments are foreign currency risk and interest rate risk.    Foreign Currency Risk Management
   Forward contracts are put in place to manage the foreign currency risk associated with the anticipated foreign currency
denominated revenues and expenses. A hedging relationship existed with an aggregate notional amount outstanding of $334.1 million and $293.4 million as of August 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The related forward foreign exchange
contracts have been designated as hedging instruments and are accounted for as cash flow hedges. The forward foreign exchange contract transactions will effectively lock in the value of anticipated foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses
against foreign currency fluctuations. The anticipated foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses being hedged are expected to occur between September 3, 2019 and August 31, 2020.  
 In addition to derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments and qualify for hedge accounting, the Company also enters into forward
contracts to economically hedge transactional exposure associated with commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, fixed purchase obligations and intercompany transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the respective operating entity. The aggregate notional amount of these outstanding contracts as of August 31, 2019 and 2018, was $2.5 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively.  
      89  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Refer to Note 16 – “Fair Value Measurements” for the fair values and
classification of the Company’s derivative instruments.    The gains and losses recognized in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness and
the amount excluded from effectiveness testing were not material for all periods presented and are included as components of net revenue, cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expense, which are the same line items in which the
hedged items are recorded.    The following table presents the net losses from forward contracts recorded in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the periods indicated (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Location of Loss on 
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31 
   
 
   
    
 Derivatives Recognized 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Under ASC
815 
    
 in Net Income 
    
 Amount of Loss Recognized in Net Income on Derivatives 
   


 
   Forward foreign exchange
contracts (1) 
    
 Cost of revenue 
    
 $ 
 (29,557 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (27,774 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (95,665 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
   For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, the Company recognized $14.9 million,
$36.7 million, and $90.3 million, respectively, of foreign currency gains in cost of revenue, which are offset by the losses from the forward foreign exchange contracts.  
 Interest Rate Risk Management    The
Company periodically enters into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk associated with the Company’s borrowings.    Cash Flow Hedges
   The following table presents the interest rate swaps outstanding as of August 31, 2019, which have been designated as hedging
instruments and accounted for as cash flow hedges:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Swap Summary 
    
 Hedged Interest Rate Payments 
   
    
 Aggregate Notional Amount (in millions) 
   
    
 Effective Date 
   
    
 Expiration Date  (1) 
   


 
   Forward Interest Rate Swap 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Anticipated Debt Issuance 
    
   
 Fixed 
   
    
 $ 
 200.0 
   
    
   
 October 22, 2018 
   
    
   
 December 15, 2020 
 (2)   
 
   Interest Rate Swaps (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2017 Term Loan Facility 
    
   
 Variable 
   
    
 $ 
 200.0 
   
    
   
 October 11, 2018 
   
    
   
 August 31, 2020 
   
 
   2018 Term Loan Facility 
    
   
 Variable 
   
    
 $ 
 350.0 
   
    
   
 August 24, 2018 
   
    
   
 August 24, 2020 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The contracts will be settled with the respective counterparties on a net basis at the expiration date for the
forward interest rate swap and at each settlement date for the interest rate swaps.  
 
 
 (2) 
   If the anticipated debt issuance occurs before December 15, 2020, the contracts will be terminated
simultaneously with the debt issuance.  
 
 
 (3) 
   The Company pays interest based upon a fixed rate as agreed upon with the respective counterparties and
receives variable rate interest payments based on the  one-month  LIBOR for the 2017 Term Loan Facility and the three-month LIBOR for the 2018 Term Loan Facility.  
      90  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  14. Restructuring and Related Charges  
 Following is a summary of the Company’s restructuring and related charges (in thousands):  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
    
 2017 (2) 
   


 
   Employee severance and benefit costs 
    
 $ 
 16,029 
   
   
 $ 
 16,269 
   
    
 $ 
 56,834 
   
 
   Lease costs 
    
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 1,596 
   
    
   
 3,966 
   
 
   Asset  write-off  costs 
    
   
 (3,566 
 )  
   
   
 16,264 
   
    
   
 94,346 
   
 
   Other costs 
    
   
 13,492 
   
   
   
 2,773 
   
    
   
 5,249 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total restructuring and related
charges (1) 
    
 $ 
 25,914 
   
   
 $ 
 36,902 
   
    
 $ 
 160,395 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes $21.5 million, $16.3 million and $51.3 million recorded in the EMS segment,
$2.6 million, $16.6 million and $82.4 million recorded in the DMS segment and $1.8 million, $4.0 million and $26.7 million of  non-allocated  charges for the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Except for asset  write-off  costs, all restructuring and related charges are cash settled.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, includes expenses related to the 2017 and 2013 Restructuring Plans.
   2017 Restructuring Plan  
 On September 15, 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors formally approved a restructuring plan to better align the Company’s
global capacity and administrative support infrastructure to further optimize organizational effectiveness. This action includes headcount reductions across the Company’s selling, general and administrative cost base and capacity realignment in
higher cost locations (the “2017 Restructuring Plan”).    The 2017 Restructuring Plan, totaling $195.0 million in
restructuring and other related costs, is complete as of August 31, 2019.    The table below sets forth the cumulative restructuring
and related charges incurred through August 31, 2019 for the 2017 Restructuring Plan (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 Restructuring Plan (1) 
   


 
   Employee severance and benefit costs 
    
 $ 
 74,656 
   
 
   Lease costs 
    
   
 5,521 
   
 
   Asset  write-off  costs 
    
   
 106,974 
   
 
   Other related costs 
    
   
 7,395 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total restructuring and related charges 
    
 $ 
 194,546 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes $62.3 million allocated to the EMS segment, $101.6 million allocated to the DMS segment and
$30.7 million of unallocated costs.  
      91  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The tables below summarize the Company’s liability activity, primarily associated with
the 2017 Restructuring Plan (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Employee Severance and Benefit Costs 
   
   
 Lease Costs 
   
   
 Asset Write-off Costs 
   
   
 Other Related Costs 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance as of August 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 33,580 
   
   
 $ 
 1,665 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3,143 
   
   
 $ 
 38,388 
   
 
   Restructuring related charges 
    
   
 16,269 
   
   
   
 1,596 
   
   
   
 16,264 
   
   
   
 2,773 
   
   
   
 36,902 
   
 
   Asset  write-off  charge and other  non-cash  activity 
    
   
 (127 
 )  
   
   
 525 
   
   
   
 (16,264 
 )  
   
   
 25 
   
   
   
 (15,841 
 )  
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (31,591 
 )  
   
   
 (1,102 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,419 
 )  
   
   
 (38,112 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2018 
    
   
 18,131 
   
   
   
 2,684 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 522 
   
   
   
 21,337 
   
 
   Restructuring related charges 
    
   
 16,029 
   
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (3,566 
 )  
   
   
 2,071 
   
   
   
 14,493 
   
 
   Asset  write-off  charge and other  non-cash  activity 
    
   
 (494 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,566 
   
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 3,054 
   
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (30,504 
 )  
   
   
 (663 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,786 
 )  
   
   
 (32,953 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 3,162 
   
   
 $ 
 1,980 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 789 
   
   
 $ 
 5,931 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   2020 Restructuring Plan  
 On September 20, 2019, the Company’s Board of Directors formally approved a restructuring plan to realign the Company’s global
capacity support infrastructure, particularly in the Company’s mobility footprint in China, in order to optimize organizational effectiveness. This action includes headcount reductions and capacity realignment (the “2020 Restructuring
Plan”). The 2020 Restructuring Plan reflects the Company’s intention only and restructuring decisions, and the timing of such decisions, at certain locations are still subject to consultation with the Company’s employees and their
representatives.    The Company currently expects to recognize approximately $85.0 million in
 pre-tax  restructuring and other related costs primarily over the course of the Company’s fiscal year 2020. This information will be subject to the finalization of timetables for the transition of
functions, consultation with employees and their representatives as well as the statutory severance requirements of the particular jurisdictions impacted, and the amount and timing of the actual charges may vary due to a variety of factors. The
Company’s estimates for the charges discussed above exclude any potential income tax effects.    15. Business Acquisitions  
 Fiscal year 2019    Acquisitions  
 During fiscal year 2018, the Company and Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies (“JJMD”) entered into a Framework
Agreement to form a strategic collaboration and expand its existing relationship. The strategic collaboration expands the Company’s medical device manufacturing portfolio, diversification and capabilities.  
 On February 25, 2019 and April 29, 2019, under the terms of the Framework Agreement, the Company completed the initial closing and
second closing, respectively, of its acquisition of certain assets of JJMD. The preliminary aggregate purchase price paid for both the initial closing and second closing was approximately $153.2 million in cash, which remains subject to certain
post-closing adjustments. The acquisition of the JJMD assets has been accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Total assets acquired of $167.6 million and total liabilities assumed of
$14.4 million were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition dates. The final closing, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to occur during fiscal year 2020.  
 The Company is currently evaluating the fair values of the assets and liabilities related to this business combination. The preliminary
estimates and measurements are, therefore, subject to change during the measurement period for assets acquired, liabilities assumed and tax adjustments. The results of operations were included in the Company’s consolidated financial results
beginning on February 25, 2019 for the initial closing and April 29, 2019 for the second closing. The Company believes it is impracticable to provide pro forma information for the acquisition of the JJMD assets.  
 On September 30, 2019 the Company completed the third closing of its acquisition of certain assets of JJMD for a cash payment of
$117.1 million, primarily for inventory and the assumption of certain employee liabilities. The purchase price for the third closing is subject to certain post-closing adjustments based on conditions within the Framework Agreement.  
      92  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fiscal year 2018  
 Acquisitions    On September 1, 2017,
the Company completed the acquisition of True-Tech Corporation (“True-Tech”) for approximately $95.9 million in cash. True-Tech is a manufacturer specializing in aerospace, semiconductor and medical machined components.  
 The acquisition of True-Tech assets was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired of
$114.7 million, including $25.9 million in intangible assets and $22.6 million in goodwill, and liabilities assumed of $18.8 million were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities was recorded to goodwill and was fully allocated to the EMS segment. The majority of the goodwill is currently expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The
results of operations were included in the Company’s consolidated financial results beginning on September 1, 2017. Pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition of True-Tech is not deemed to be significant.  
 Fiscal year 2017    Acquisitions  
 On March 1, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of Lewis Engineering, which was not deemed to be significant. The acquired
business expanded the Company’s capabilities in precision machining, manufacturing and design engineering. The aggregate purchase price of the acquisition totaled approximately $31.4 million in cash.  
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired of $32.3 million,
including $8.2 million in goodwill and $14.6 million in intangible assets, and liabilities assumed of $0.9 million were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of $8.2 million was recorded to goodwill and was fully allocated to the DMS segment. The majority of the goodwill is currently expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company
expensed transaction costs in connection with the acquisition of approximately $0.8 million during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017. The results of operations of the acquired business were included in the Company’s consolidated
financial results beginning on the date of the acquisition. Pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition is not deemed to be significant.  
      93  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  16. Fair Value Measurements  
 Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis  
 The following table presents the fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value by hierarchy level on
a recurring basis as of the periods indicated:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 (in thousands) 
    
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
   
   
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
    
   
 Level 1 
 (1)   
   
 $ 
 27,804 
   
    
 $ 
 21,412 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 Level 1 
   
   
   
 14,088 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Deferred purchase price receivables   (Note
2) 
    
   
 Level 3 
 (2)   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 533,113 
   
 
   Forward foreign exchange contracts: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 13) 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (3)   
   
   
 904 
   
    
   
 225 
   
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (Note 13) 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (3)   
   
   
 6,878 
   
    
   
 10,125 
   
 
   Other assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior  Non-Convertible  Preferred Stock 
    
   
 Level 3 
 (4)   
   
   
 33,102 
   
    
   
 47,300 
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrued expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forward foreign exchange contracts: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 13) 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 15,999 
   
    
 $ 
 13,364 
   
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (Note 13) 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (3)   
   
   
 55,391 
   
    
   
 46,171 
   
 
   Interest rate swaps: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 13) 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (5)   
   
   
 5,918 
   
    
   
 117 
   
 
   Other liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forward interest rate swaps: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 13) 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (5)   
   
   
 35,045 
   
    
   
 —   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Consist of investments that are readily convertible to cash with original maturities of 90 days or less.
 
 
 
 (2) 
   Recorded initially at fair value using unobservable inputs, determined primarily using discounted cash flows,
and due to its credit quality and short-term maturity, the fair value approximated book values. The unobservable inputs consist of estimated credit losses and estimated discount rates, which both have an immaterial impact on the fair value
calculation.  
 
 
 (3) 
   The Company’s forward foreign exchange contracts are measured on a recurring basis at fair value, based on
foreign currency spot rates and forward rates quoted by banks or foreign currency dealers.  
 
 
 (4) 
   During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, the Company exchanged its investment in the Senior  Non-Convertible  Preferred Stock of iQor Holdings, Inc. (“iQor”) in association with iQor’s previously announced sale of its international logistics and product service assets. Prior to the
restructuring, the Senior  Non-Convertible  Preferred Stock had a face value of $50.0 million, accumulated dividends at an annual rate of 8 percent and was redeemable on March 31, 2023 or upon a
change in control. The restructured Senior  Non-Convertible  Preferred Stock has a face value of $55.0 million and is redeemable at iQor’s option or upon change of control for $55.0 million until
December 31, 2023, $65.0 million during calendar year 2024 and is mandatorily redeemable for $75.0 million on April 1, 2025.  
 As a result of the restructuring, the Company recognized a restructuring of securities loss of $29.6 million, which primarily consisted of
a credit loss. The credit loss was estimated utilizing a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model incorporating the concessions and modifications made as part of the restructuring, discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate. The
Senior  Non-Convertible  Preferred Stock is valued each reporting period using unobservable inputs based on a discounted cash flow model and is classified as an available for sale debt security with any
unrealized loss recorded to AOCI. As of August 31, 2019, the unobservable inputs have an immaterial impact on the fair value calculation. As of August 31, 2019, the amortized cost basis approximates fair value.  
 
 
 (5) 
   Fair value measurements are based on the contractual terms of the derivatives and use observable market-based
inputs. The interest rate swaps are valued using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative using observable inputs including interest rate curves and credit spreads.  
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and
accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts of borrowings under credit facilities and under loans approximates fair value as interest rates on these instruments
approximates current market rates.  
      94  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Notes payable and long-term debt is carried at amortized cost; however, the Company
estimates the fair value of notes payable and long-term debt for disclosure purposes. The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s notes payable and long-term debt, by hierarchy level as of the periods
indicated:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 August 31, 2019 
   
    
 August 31, 2018 
   
 
 (in thousands) 
    
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
   
   
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Notes payable and long-term debt: (Note 8) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   5.625% Senior Notes 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (1)   
   
 $ 
 398,886 
   
    
 $ 
 416,000 
   
    
 $ 
 397,995 
   
    
 $ 
 415,704 
   
 
   4.700% Senior Notes 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (1)   
   
   
 498,004 
   
    
   
 525,890 
   
    
   
 497,350 
   
    
   
 503,545 
   
 
   4.900% Senior Notes 
    
   
 Level 3 
 (2)   
   
   
 299,057 
   
    
   
 318,704 
   
    
   
 298,814 
   
    
   
 306,535 
   
 
   3.950% Senior Notes 
    
   
 Level 2 
 (1)   
   
   
 494,825 
   
    
   
 509,845 
   
    
   
 494,208 
   
    
   
 476,010 
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   The fair value estimates are based upon observable market data.  
 
 
 (2) 
   This fair value estimate is based on the Company’s indicative borrowing cost derived from discounted cash
flows.    Refer to Note 9 – “Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits” for disclosure surrounding the
fair value of the Company’s pension plan assets.    17. New Accounting Guidance  
 Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance  
 During fiscal year 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an accounting standard, which is a comprehensive
new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The
accounting standard became effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. The Company implemented changes to its processes, policies and internal controls to meet the impact of the new standard and disclosure requirements. Refer
to Note 18 – “Revenue” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.    During fiscal year 2016, the FASB
issued a new accounting standard to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. This guidance became effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, and was applied
prospectively by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 1, 2018 to equity investments that existed as of the date of adoption of the standard. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements; however, the impact on future periods will depend on the facts and circumstances of future transactions.  
 During fiscal year 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard to address the presentation of certain transactions within the statement of
cash flows with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. This standard was adopted on September 1, 2018 on a retrospective basis and resulted in a reclassification of cash flows from operating activities to investing
activities in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for cash receipts related to collections on the deferred purchase price receivable (i.e. beneficial interest) on asset-backed securitization transactions. The increase in cash
flow from investing activities and the corresponding decrease to cash flow from operating activities upon adoption of the standard was $96.8 million, $2.0 billion, and $2.7 billion for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017, respectively.    During fiscal year 2017, the FASB issued a new accounting standard to improve the accounting for the income tax
consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. The new standard eliminates the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory and requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences when the
transfer occurs. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. This guidance was adopted on a modified retrospective basis and an immaterial cumulative-effect adjustment was recorded, which
reduced retained earnings as of September 1, 2018.    During fiscal year 2017, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which
clarifies the scope of accounting for asset derecognition and adds further guidance for recognizing gains and losses from the transfer  of non-financial assets  in contracts with  non-customers.  This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 coincident with the new revenue recognition guidance. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements; however, the impact on future periods will depend on the facts and circumstances of future transactions.  
      95  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  During the second quarter of fiscal year 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) staff issued SAB 118, which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to
complete the accounting under ASC 740. In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Tax Act for which the accounting under ASC 740 is complete. To the extent that a company’s accounting for
certain income tax effects of the Tax Act is incomplete, but it is able to determine a reasonable estimate, it must record a provisional estimate in its financial statements. If a company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included in the
financial statements, it should continue to apply ASC 740 on the basis of the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the Tax Act. The Company applied SAB 118 and provided required disclosures in Note
4 – “Income Taxes.”    Recently Issued Accounting Guidance  
 During fiscal year 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard revising lease accounting. The new guidance requires organizations to
recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and disclose key information regarding leasing arrangements. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. The standard
must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company intends to elect the package of practical expedients offered, which allows entities to not reassess: i) whether any contracts prior to the adoption date are or contain leases,
ii) lease classification, and iii) whether capitalized initial direct costs continue to meet the definition of initial direct costs under the new guidance. In preparation for the adoption, the Company is implementing a new lease accounting system.
Upon adoption, the Company expects to recognize  right-of-use  assets and lease liabilities, respectively, in the range of approximately $350.0 million to
$500.0 million. The Company is continuing to assess implementation of changes to its processes, policies and internal controls to meet the requirements of the new standard. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations or the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.    During fiscal year 2016, the FASB issued an
accounting standard, which replaces the existing incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit
loss estimates. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. This guidance must be applied using a modified retrospective or prospective transition method, depending on the area covered by this
accounting standard. The Company is currently assessing the impact this new standard may have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 During fiscal year 2017, the FASB issued a new accounting standard to improve the financial reporting of hedging relationships to better
portray the economic results of an entity’s risk management activities by simplifying the application of hedge accounting and improving the related disclosures in its financial statements. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning in
the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted. The guidance must be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated
Financial Statements; however, the impact on future periods will depend on the facts and circumstances of future transactions.    During
fiscal year 2018, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs
incurred to develop or obtain  internal-use  software. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact this new
standard may have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.    Recently issued accounting guidance not discussed above is not applicable or
did not have, or is not expected to have, a material impact to the Company.    18. Revenue  
 Effective September 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU  2014-09,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 606). The
new standard is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires the Company to recognize revenue in a manner which depicts the transfer of goods or services to its customers at an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.    Prior to the adoption of the new standard, the Company recognized
substantially all of its revenue from contracts with customers at a point in time, which was generally when the goods were shipped to or received by the customer, title and risk of ownership had passed, the price to the buyer was fixed or
determinable and collectability was reasonably assured (net of  
      96  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
estimated returns). Under the new standard, the Company recognizes revenue over time for the majority of its contracts with customers which results in revenue for those customers being recognized
earlier than under the previous guidance. Revenue for all other contracts with customers continues to be recognized at a point in time, similar to recognition prior to the adoption of the standard.  
 Additionally, the new standard impacts the Company’s accounting for certain fulfillment costs, which include upfront costs to prepare for
manufacturing activities that are expected to be recovered. Under the new standard, such upfront costs are recognized as an asset and amortized on a systematic basis consistent with the pattern of the transfer of control of the products or services
to which to the asset relates.    The Company adopted ASU  2014-09  using the modified retrospective
method by applying the guidance to all open contracts upon adoption and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment as of September 1, 2018, net of tax, of $42.6 million. No adjustments have been made to prior periods. Following is a summary
of the cumulative effect adjustment (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance as of August 31, 2018 
   
    
 Adjustments due to adoption of ASU 2014-09 
   
   
 Balance as of September 1, 2018 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Contract assets (1) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 591,616 
   
   
 $ 
 591,616 
   
 
   Inventories, net (1) 
    
 $ 
 3,457,706 
   
    
 $ 
 (461,271 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,996,435 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current
assets (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 1,141,000 
   
    
 $ 
 (37,271 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,103,729 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 218,252 
   
    
 $ 
 (8,325 
 )  
   
 $ 
 209,927 
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Contract liabilities (2)(3) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
     690,142 
   
   
 $ 
 690,142 
   
 
   Deferred income (2)(3)(4) 
    
 $ 
 691,365 
   
    
 $ 
 (691,365 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Other accrued expenses (3)(4) 
    
 $ 
     1,000,979 
   
    
 $ 
 40,392 
   
   
 $ 
     1,041,371 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes (1) 
    
 $ 
 114,385 
   
    
 $ 
 2,977 
   
   
 $ 
 117,362 
   
 
   Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Retained earnings (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 1,760,097 
   
    
 $ 
 42,602 
   
   
 $ 
 1,802,699 
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   Differences primarily relate to the timing of revenue recognition for over time customers and certain balance
sheet reclassifications.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Differences primarily relate to the timing of recognition and recovery of fulfillment costs and certain balance
sheet reclassifications.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Included within accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Differences included in contract liabilities as of September 1, 2018.  
      97  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table presents the effect of the adoption of the new revenue guidance on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2019 (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
    
 Balance without the adoption of ASU  2014-09 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Contract assets (1) 
    
 $ 
 911,940 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Inventories, net (1) 
    
 $ 
 3,023,003 
   
    
 $ 
 3,761,591 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current
assets (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 501,573 
   
    
 $ 
 514,769 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes (1) 
    
 $ 
 198,827 
   
    
 $ 
 202,791 
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Contract liabilities (2)(3) 
    
 $ 
 511,329 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Deferred income (2)(3)(4) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 521,035 
   
 
   Other accrued expenses (3)(4) 
    
 $ 
     1,877,908 
   
    
 $ 
     1,868,201 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes (1) 
    
 $ 
 115,818 
   
    
 $ 
 111,304 
   
 
   Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained earnings (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 2,037,037 
   
    
 $ 
 1,885,360 
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   Differences primarily relate to the timing of revenue recognition for over time customers and certain balance
sheet reclassifications.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Differences primarily relate to the timing of recognition and recovery of fulfillment costs and certain balance
sheet reclassifications.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Included within accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Differences included in contract liabilities as of September 1, 2018.  
 The following table presents the effect of the adoption of the new revenue guidance on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2019 (in thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
    
 Balance without the adoption of ASU  2014-09 
   


 
   Net revenue (1) 
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
    
 $ 
 24,864,754 
   
 
   Cost of revenue (2) 
    
 $ 
     23,368,919 
   
    
 $ 
     23,057,603 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 701,356 
   
    
 $ 
 595,105 
   
 
   Income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 161,230 
   
    
 $ 
 164,054 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 289,474 
   
    
 $ 
 180,399 
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   Differences primarily relate to the timing of revenue recognition for over-time customers and to the recovery
of fulfillment costs.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Differences primarily relate to the timing of cost recognition for over-time customers and the recognition of
fulfillment costs.  
      98  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table presents the Company’s revenues disaggregated by segment (in
thousands):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 August 31, 2019 
   
 
   
    
 EMS 
   
    
 DMS 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Timing of transfer 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Point in time 
    
 $ 
 2,877,082 
   
    
 $ 
 6,055,716 
   
    
 $ 
 8,932,798 
   
 
   Over time 
    
 $ 
     12,553,447 
   
    
 $ 
     3,796,075 
   
    
 $ 
     16,349,522 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 15,430,529 
   
    
 $ 
 9,851,791 
   
    
 $ 
 25,282,320 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Contract Balances  
 No impairment costs related to contract assets were recognized during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. Revenue recognized during the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 that was included in the contract liability balance as of September 1, 2018 was $404.0 million.  
 Fulfillment Costs    As of
August 31, 2019, capitalized costs to fulfill are $67.1 million. Amortization of fulfillment cost was $48.6 million during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. No impairments related to fulfillments costs were recognized during
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019.    Remaining Performance Obligations  
 The Company applied the practical expedient and did not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an
original expected length of one year or less.    Item 16. Form  10-K  Summary
   Not applicable.  
      99  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 

 

 
 


 
   JABIL INC.   Registrant 

 
 
 
 
 By:  
   
 /s/ MARK T. MONDELLO 
 
 
   
 Mark T. Mondello 
 
 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 
   Date: October 22, 2019  
      100  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  POWER OF ATTORNEY  
 KNOW ALL THESE PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mark T. Mondello and Michael
Dastoor and each of them, jointly and severally, his or her  attorneys-in-fact,  each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign
any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that each said  attorneys-in-fact  or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   
   
   Signature 
   
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ T IMOTHY  L. M AIN 
 Timothy L. Main 
   
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ T HOMAS  A. S ANSONE 
 Thomas A. Sansone 
   
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ M ARK  T. M ONDELLO 
 Mark T. Mondello 
   
   Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ M ICHAEL  D ASTOOR 
 Michael Dastoor 
   
   Chief Financial Officer (Principal 
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ A NOUSHEH  A NSARI 
 Anousheh Ansari 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ M ARTHA  F. B ROOKS 
 Martha F. Brooks 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ C HRISTOPHER  S. H OLLAND 
 Christopher S. Holland 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ J OHN  C. P LANT 
 John C. Plant 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ S TEVEN  A. R AYMUND 
 Steven A. Raymund 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ D AVID  M. S TOUT 
 David M. Stout 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   /s/ K ATHLEEN  A. W ALTERS 
 Kathleen A. Walters 
   
 Director 
   
 October 22, 2019 
 
      101  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SCHEDULE II  
 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 SCHEDULE OF VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
 (in thousands)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Additions and Adjustments Charged to Costs and Expenses 
   
    
 Additions/ (Reductions) Charged to Other Accounts 
   
   
 Write-offs 
   
   
 Balance at End of Period 
   


 
   Allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 15,181 
   
    
 $ 
 15,867 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (13,827 
 )  
   
 $ 
 17,221 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
 14,134 
   
    
 $ 
 12,545 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (11,498 
 )  
   
 $ 
 15,181 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 11,094 
   
    
 $ 
 6,255 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (3,215 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,134 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Additions and Adjustments Charged to Costs and Expenses 
   
    
 Additions/ (Reductions) Charged to Other Accounts 
   
   
 Write-offs 
   
   
 Balance at End of Period 
   
 
   Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 60,940 
   
    
 $ 
 34,091 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (25,478 
 )  
   
 $ 
 69,553 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
 46,013 
   
    
 $ 
 35,538 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (20,611 
 )  
   
 $ 
 60,940 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 32,221 
   
    
 $ 
 46,030 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (32,238 
 )  
   
 $ 
 46,013 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Additions Charged to Costs and Expenses (1) 
   
    
 Additions/ (Reductions) Charged to Other 
Accounts (2) 
   
   
 Reductions Charged to Costs and Expenses (3) 
   
   
 Balance at End of Period 
   
 
   Valuation allowance for deferred taxes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 
    
 $ 
 223,487 
   
    
 $ 
 22,750 
   
    
 $ 
 58,117 
   
   
 $ 
 (16,750 
 )  
   
 $ 
 287,604 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
 285,559 
   
    
 $ 
 18,418 
   
    
 $ 
 (886 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (79,604 
 )  
   
 $ 
 223,487 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 344,828 
   
    
 $ 
 65,300 
   
    
 $ 
 (97,203 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (27,366 
 )  
   
 $ 
 285,559 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   During the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, the additions charged to costs and expenses
primarily relate to the increase of deferred tax assets for sites with existing valuation allowances.  
 
 
 (2) 
   During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, the additions charged to other accounts primarily relate to
the increase of net operating loss carry forwards due to the release of a  non-U.S.  unrecognized tax benefit. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, the reductions charged to other accounts
primarily relate to the decrease of net operating loss carry forwards due to  non-U.S.  unrecognized tax benefits and a  non-U.S.  tax audit.  
 
 
 (3) 
   During the fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and 2018, the reductions charged to costs and expenses
primarily relate to the decrease of U.S. net operating loss carry forwards and tax credits due to utilization against the  one-time  transition tax as a result of the Tax Act. During the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2019, an additional reduction charged to costs and expenses relates to the $17.5 million income tax benefit for the reversal of a U.S. valuation allowance due to an intangible asset reclassification from indefinite-life to
finite-life. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, the reductions charged to costs and expenses primarily relate to the release of certain  non-U.S.  valuation allowances.  
 See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm.  
      102  

 

 
 
 
