
 10-K
 1
 d120433d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D. C. 20549    Form 10-K  
 
 
   
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    For the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015
   Commission file number 1-6682    Hasbro, Inc.    (Exact Name of Registrant, As Specified in its Charter)
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Rhode Island 
   
 05-0155090 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 
   
 Identification No.) 
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   1027 Newport Avenue,   Pawtucket, Rhode Island 
   
 02861 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code  (401) 431-8697   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock 
   
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     or    No   ¨ .  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨     or    No   x .  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     or    No   ¨ .  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     or    No   ¨ .    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one:)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large Accelerated Filer   
   
   x 
   
   
 Accelerated Filer   
    
   
 ¨ 
   
    
   
 Non-Accelerated Filer   ¨ 
   
   
 Smaller Reporting Company   
    
   
 ¨ 
   
    
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes   ¨     or    No   x .  
 The aggregate market value on June 26, 2015 (the last business day of the Company’s most recently completed second quarter) of
the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the stock on that date, was approximately $8,638,748,000. The registrant does not have non-voting common stock outstanding.  
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 8, 2016 was 124,795,430.  
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    Portions of our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Item 1A. 
    
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 26 
    
 
   Item 4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 26 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 27 
    
 
   Item 6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Item 7. 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
    
   
 29 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Item 8. 
    
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Item 9. 
    
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
    
   
 101 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 101 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
    
   Other Information 
    
   
 103 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 103 
    
 
   Item 11. 
    
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 103 
    
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 104 
    
 
   Item 13. 
    
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 104 
    
 
   Item 14. 
    
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 104 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 104 
    
 
 
    
   Signatures 
    
   
 113 
    
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to
shareholders, we publish “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing
strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods, including with respect to our planned cost savings initiative, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled
new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital products; and marketing and
promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for
forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking
forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results
and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below and in Item 1A of this Annual Report are illustrative and other risks
and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to
the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated,
all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    PART I
     
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business.     General Development and Description of Business and Business Segments    Except as expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, as used herein, “Hasbro”, the “Company”, “we”, or “us”, means Hasbro, Inc., a Rhode Island
corporation organized on January 8, 1926, and its subsidiaries.    Overview
   We are a global branded-play company committed to Creating the World’s Best Play Experiences. We strive to do
this through deep consumer engagement and the application of consumer insights, the use of immersive storytelling to build our brands, product innovation and development of global business reach. We apply these principles to leverage our beloved
owned and controlled brands, including LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, as well as the licensed brands of our strategic partners. From toys and games to television programming,
motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive consumer products licensing program, Hasbro fulfills the fundamental need for play and connection for children and families around the world. The Company’s wholly-owned Hasbro Studios creates
entertainment brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including television, film and more. These elements are executed globally within the construct of our strategic plan, the brand blueprint, at the center of which our brands reside. Using this
blueprint, we innovate new brands and re-imagine, re-invent and re-ignite our owned and controlled brands through toy and game innovation, immersive entertainment offerings, including television programming and motion pictures, and a broad range of
licensed products, ranging from traditional to high-tech and digital, all informed by storytelling and consumer insights.    Brand Architecture    Hasbro organizes owned,
controlled and licensed intellectual properties within the brand architecture with a focus on the following: Franchise Brands, Challenger Brands, Mega Gaming Brands and Partner Brands. Implementation of the brand architecture has allowed us to
leverage existing brand competencies outside the confines of our traditional product categories, creating significant growth opportunities in our brands.  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Franchise Brands are Hasbro’s most significant owned or controlled properties which we
believe have the ability to deliver significant revenues and growth over the long-term. Our seven Franchise Brands are LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. As reported, net revenues from
Franchise Brands declined 2% in 2015 but grew 31% and 15% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation in 2015, net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 7% in 2015 compared to 2014. Furthermore, in 2015, 2014 and
2013, Franchise Brands were 52%, 55% and 44% of total net revenues, respectively.    Challenger Brands are those owned or
controlled Hasbro brands which have not yet achieved Franchise Brand status, but which the Company believes have the potential to do so over time with investment and further development. Challenger Brands includes BABY ALIVE, FURBY, FURREAL FRIENDS,
KRE-O, PLAYSKOOL and PLAYSKOOL HEROES.    Hasbro continues to revolutionize traditional game play through its strong portfolio of
Mega Gaming Brands, digital integration and the introduction of new gaming brands and play experiences. Mega Gaming Brands specifically include CONNECT 4, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, JENGA, THE GAME OF LIFE, OPERATION, SCRABBLE, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and
TWISTER; however, Hasbro’s games portfolio also includes many other well-known game brands. Games offerings include face to face, trading card and digital game experiences played as board, off-the-board, digital, card, electronic, trading card
and role-playing games.    Partner Brands include those licensed brands for which Hasbro develops products. Significant Partner
Brands include MARVEL, including SPIDER-MAN and THE AVENGERS, STAR WARS, DISNEY‘S DESCENDANTS, JURASSIC WORLD, and SESAME STREET. 2016 marks the first year of our license agreement with The Walt Disney Company (“Disney”) to market
DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN small and fashion doll product lines. Partner brands MARVEL, STAR WARS, DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS, DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN are all owned by Disney.  
 In 2015, Hasbro sold product supported by three major motion picture releases by our partners. These major motion picture releases
comprised  THE AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON, JURASSIC WORLD  and  STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS.  The financial impact of these major motion picture releases on our results is discussed in detail in the management’s discussion and analysis
section of this report. In 2016, Hasbro expects to sell product lines supported by the following expected theatrical releases from Disney:  CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR  in May 2016,  MOANA  in November 2016, and  ROGUE ONE: A STAR WARS
STORY  in December 2016. We also expect to sell products related to the expected Dreamworks Animation theatrical release of  TROLLS  in the fall of 2016. Aside from these major brand categories, we continue to seek growth opportunities by
imagining, inventing and igniting new or archived brands and by offering engaging branded-play experiences.  
 Storytelling and Other Entertainment Initiatives  
 Our brand blueprint focuses on reinforcing storylines associated with our brands through several outlets, including television, motion
pictures and digital media.    As part of our brand blueprint, we seek to build our brands through entertainment-based
storytelling. Hasbro Studios LLC (“Hasbro Studios”) is our wholly-owned production studio, which is responsible for brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including the development and global distribution of television programming
primarily based on our brands. This programming currently airs in markets throughout the world. Domestically, Hasbro Studios primarily distributes programming to Discovery Family Channel (the “Network”) which is a joint venture between
Discovery Communications, Inc. (“Discovery”) and ourselves which operates a cable television network in the United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and family entertainment and educational programming. Beginning in 2015,
Hasbro Studios began distributing certain programming domestically to other outlets, including Cartoon Network. Internationally, Hasbro Studios distributes to various broadcasters and cable networks. Lastly, Hasbro Studios distributes programming
globally on various digital platforms, including Netflix and iTunes.    During 2014, we formed Allspark Pictures, Hasbro’s
film label, which is producing both animated and live action theatrical releases based on our brands. The Company’s storytelling initiatives support its strategy of  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
growing its brands well beyond traditional toys and games and providing entertainment experiences for consumers of all ages accessible anytime in many forms and formats. In October 2015, Allspark
Pictures released  JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS . In October 2016, Allspark Pictures expects to release OUIJA 2.    In addition to
film and television initiatives, Hasbro understands the importance of digital media and digitally integrating our products. Digital media encompasses digital gaming applications and the creation of digital environments for analog products through
the use of complementary digital applications and websites which extend storylines and enhance play. We own a 70% majority stake in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”), a mobile game developer. While certain of our trademarks, characters
and other property rights are licensed by third parties in connection with digital gaming, we anticipate leveraging and applying Backflip’s digital gaming expertise to Hasbro brands in 2016 and beyond.  
 As we seek to grow our business in entertainment, licensing and digital gaming, we will continue to evaluate strategic alliances,
acquisitions and investments, like Hasbro Studios, the Network and Backflip, which may complement our current product offerings, allow us entry into an area which is adjacent or complementary to our toy and game business, or allow us to further
develop awareness of our brands and expand the ability of consumers to experience our brands in different forms and formats.    Product Categories    We market our brands
under the following primary product categories: (1) boys; (2) games; (3) girls; and (4) preschool toys.  
 Boys  Franchise Brands in our boys’ category
include the NERF action sports products and TRANSFORMERS action figures and accessories. The TRANSFORMERS brand, which has been supported by the four major, successful theatrical releases over the past decade in combination with animated television
program developed by Hasbro Studios,  TRANSFORMERS: ROBOTS IN DISGUISE,  has become a hallmark example of how successful our brand blueprint can be when properly executed across all mediums .  In addition to these Franchise Brands, the
boys’ category also includes SUPER SOAKER water blasters and G.I. JOE action figures and accessories. Another significant portion of our boys’ category includes licensed product lines based on popular movie, television and comic book
characters, such as MARVEL and STAR WARS. In 2015, overall results from the boys category benefited from significant product sales related to three major motion picture releases:  AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON, STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS  and 
JURASSIC WORLD.  In addition to marketing and developing traditional action figures and accessories for these entertainment brands, the Company also develops and markets products designed for collectors, which has been a key component of the
success of the TRANSFORMERS, STAR WARS and MARVEL brands.    Games  Over the years, we have established a diverse portfolio of well-known games brands through innovation, invention and acquisition. Our Franchise Brands, MAGIC: THE
GATHERING and MONOPOLY, headline our portfolio and are accompanied by our mega gaming brands, including CONNECT 4, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, GAME OF LIFE, JENGA, OPERATION, SCRABBLE, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and TWISTER. To successfully execute our gaming
strategy, we consider brands which may capitalize on existing trends while evolving our approach to gaming using consumer insights and offering gaming experiences relevant to consumer demand for face-to-face, board, off-the-board, digital, card,
electronic, trading card, role playing and other game play including the launch of new play patterns. In the fourth quarter of 2015, net revenues from the games category benefited from the introduction of PIE FACE.  
 Girls  Our girls’ category not only includes
traditional girls’ toys but also provides a variety of contemporary and engaging play experiences. Girls’ Franchise Brands include LITTLEST PET SHOP, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF REBELLE and PLAY-DOH DOH VINCI while Girls’ Challenger Brands
include BABY ALIVE, FURBY and FURREAL FRIENDS. Franchise Brands LITTLEST PET SHOP and MY LITTLE PONY are each supported by animated television programming developed by Hasbro Studios. In addition to Hasbro Franchise and Challenger Brands, we also
have licenses to develop certain product lines based on popular television and film brands, including DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS, DISNEY PRINCESS, FROZEN and TROLLS. Our DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN product lines were introduced at retail in January
2016. Lastly, Hasbro  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
continues to grow and promote existing brands by leveraging their strengths across other toy categories. Our NERF REBELLE and PLAY-DOH DOH VINCI product lines reflect this strategy.  
 Preschool  Our preschool category encompasses a
range of products for infants and preschoolers in various stages of development. In the preschool category, we are focused on our Franchise Brands and story-led initiatives where we believe we can differentiate our offerings and deliver higher
profitability. Franchise Brand offerings in the preschool category include MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and PLAY-DOH, including modeling compound and playsets. Our offerings also include preschool product lines based on those aforementioned licensed
entertainment properties, including JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and STAR WARS. In recent years, we have introduced preschool product lines which complement our girls and boys product lines. Generally, these product lines fall within our PLAYSKOOL HEREOS
and PLAYSKOOL FRIENDS brands and include MY LITTLE PONY, JURASSIC WORLD, TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS, MARVEL SUPER HERO ADVENTURES and STAR WARS GALACTIC HEROES. In addition to PLAYSKOOL HEROES and PLAYSKOOL FRIENDS, our PLAYSKOOL brand also includes
well-known core products such as MR. POTATO HEAD, SIT ‘N SPIN and GLOWORM, along with a line of infant toys including STEP START WALK’ N RIDE and ELEFUN BUSY BALL POPPER.  
 Segments    Organizationally, our three principal segments are U.S. and Canada, International and Entertainment and Licensing. The U.S. and Canada and International segments engage in the marketing and selling of
various toy and game products described above. Our toy and game products are primarily developed by cross-functional teams, including members of our global development and marketing groups, to establish a cohesive brand direction and assist the
segments in establishing certain local marketing programs. The costs of these groups are allocated to the principal segments. Our U.S. and Canada segment covers the United States and Canada while the International segment primarily includes Europe,
the Asia Pacific region and Latin and South America. The Entertainment and Licensing segment conducts our movie, television and digital gaming entertainment operations, including the operations of Hasbro Studios and Backflip as well as engages in
the out-licensing of our trademarks, characters and other brand and intellectual property rights to third parties for non-competing products. Our Global Operations segment is responsible for arranging product manufacturing and sourcing for the U.S.
and Canada and International segments. Financial information with respect to our segments and geographic areas is included in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The following is a
discussion of each segment.    U.S. and
Canada  This segment engages in the marketing and sale of our products in the United States and Canada. The U.S. and Canada segment promotes our brands through innovation and reinvention of toys and games. This is accomplished through
introducing new products and initiatives driven by consumer and marketplace insights and leveraging opportunistic toy and game lines and licenses. This strategy leverages efforts to increase consumer awareness of the Company’s brands through
entertainment experiences, including motion pictures and television programming.    International  The International segment engages in the marketing and sale of our product categories to retailers and wholesalers in most countries in Europe, Latin and South
America, and the Asia Pacific region and through distributors in those countries where we have no direct presence. We have offices in more than 35 countries contributing to sales in more than 120 countries.  
 In addition to growing brands and leveraging opportunistic toy lines and licenses, we seek to grow our international business by
continuing to opportunistically expand into emerging markets in Eastern Europe, Asia and Latin and South America. Emerging markets are an area of high priority for us as we believe they offer greater opportunities for revenue growth than developed
markets. Key emerging markets include Russia, Brazil and the People’s Republic of China (“China”) and, during 2015, we opened offices in South Africa and Thailand. Net revenues from emerging markets represented 14% of our total
consolidated net revenues in 2015. In 2015, net revenues from emerging markets decreased 9%, primarily due to a challenging foreign currency environment whereas 2014 and 2013 net revenues in emerging markets grew 20% and 25%, respectively. The
strengthening of  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the U.S. dollar had a significant impact on the International segment during 2015. The U.S. dollar strengthened against nearly all of our major selling currencies, including the Brazilian Real,
Euro, Mexican Peso and Russian Ruble. The negative impact from foreign currency translation on International segment net revenues for 2015 and 2014 was $379.4 million and $87.7 million, respectively. Furthermore, absent the negative impact of
foreign currency, net revenues from emerging markets grew approximately 15%. Financial information with respect to foreign currency risk management is included in note 16 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of
this Form 10-K.    Entertainment and
Licensing  Our Entertainment and Licensing segment includes our consumer products licensing, digital gaming, television and movie entertainment operations.    Our consumer products licensing category seeks to promote our brands through the out-licensing of our intellectual properties to third parties for promotional and merchandising uses in businesses which do
not compete directly with our own product offerings, such as apparel, publishing, home goods and electronics, or in certain situations, to utilize them for toy products where we consider the out-licensing of brands to be more effective.  
 Our digital gaming business seeks to promote our brands largely through the out-licensing of our intellectual properties to a number of
partners who develop and offer digital games for play on mobile devices, personal computers, and video game consoles based on those brands. We have a 70% majority ownership in Backflip, a mobile game developer, as we seek to complement the
aforementioned out-licensing with the development of internal digital gaming resources. Backflip’s product offerings include games for tablets and mobile devices, including the DRAGONVALE game. Backflip intends to continue focusing on its
existing game titles, particularly DRAGONVALE, and to launch new games, including game offerings based on Hasbro brands. To further extend its brands into digital media and gaming, the Company also out-licenses its properties to a number of partners
who develop and offer digital games and other gaming experiences based on those brands. The Company has digital gaming relationships with Electronic Arts Inc., Activision, Ubisoft and others. Lastly, we also license our brands to third parties
engaged in other forms of gaming, including Scientific Games Corporation.    Major motion pictures and television programming
based on our owned and controlled brands provide both immersive storytelling and the ability for our consumers to experience these properties in a different format, which we believe can result in increased product sales, royalty revenues, and
overall brand awareness. To a lesser extent, we can also earn revenue from our participation in the financial results of motion pictures and related home entertainment releases and through the distribution of television programming. Revenue from toy
and game product sales is a component of the U.S. and Canada and International segments, while royalty revenues, including revenues earned from movies and television programming, is included in the Entertainment and Licensing segment.  
 Global Operations  Our Global Operations segment
sources production of our toy and game products. Through August 2015, the Company owned and operated manufacturing facilities in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland which predominantly produced game products. These facilities were
sold to Cartamundi NV (“Cartamundi”) on August 31, 2015. Cartamundi will continue to manufacture game products for us under a manufacturing agreement. Sourcing for our other production is done through unrelated third party
manufacturers in various Far East countries, principally China, using a Hong Kong based wholly-owned subsidiary operation for quality control and order coordination purposes. See “Manufacturing and Importing” below for more details
concerning overseas manufacturing and sourcing.    Other
Information  To further extend our range of products in the various segments of our business, we sell a portion of our toy and game products to retailers on a direct import basis from the Far East. These sales are reflected in the
revenue of the related segment where the customer is geographically located.    Certain of our products are licensed to other
companies for sale in selected countries where we do not otherwise have a direct business presence.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Each of our four product categories, namely boys, games, girls and preschool, generate
greater than 10% of our net revenues. For more information, including the amount of net revenues attributable to each of our four product categories, see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of this
Form 10-K.    Working Capital Requirements  
 Our working capital needs are financed through cash generated from operations, primarily through the sale of toys and games and
secondarily through our consumer products licensing operations, and, when necessary, proceeds from short-term borrowings.    Our
customer order patterns may vary from year to year largely due to fluctuations in the degree of consumer acceptance of product lines, product availability, marketing strategies and inventory policies of retailers, the dates of theatrical releases of
major motion pictures for which we offer products, and changes in overall economic conditions. As such, a disproportionate volume of our net revenues are earned during the third and fourth quarters leading up to the retail industry’s holiday
selling season, including Christmas. As a result, comparisons of unshipped orders on any date with those at the same date in the prior year are not necessarily indicative of our sales for that year. Moreover, quick response, or just-in-time,
inventory management practices result in a significant proportion of orders being placed for immediate delivery. Although the Company may receive orders from customers in advance, it is general industry practice that these orders are subject to
amendment or cancellation by customers prior to shipment and, as such, the Company does not believe that these unshipped orders, at any given date, are indicative of future sales. We expect that retailers will continue to follow this strategy. As
such, our business generally earns more revenue in the second half of the year compared to the first half. In 2015, the second half of the year accounted for approximately 66% of full year revenues with the third and fourth quarters each accounting
for 33% of full year net revenues. The types of programs that we plan to employ to promote sales in 2016 are substantially the same as those we employed in 2015 and in prior years.  
 Historically, we commit to the majority of our inventory production and advertising and marketing expenditures for a given year prior to
the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. Our accounts receivable increase during the third and fourth quarter as customers increase their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in the holiday season. Due to the concentrated timeframe of
this selling period, payments for these accounts receivable are generally not due until later in the fourth quarter or early in the first quarter of the subsequent year. The timing difference between expenses paid and revenues collected sometimes
makes it necessary for us to borrow varying amounts during the year. During 2015, we utilized cash from our operations, borrowings under our commercial paper program and uncommitted lines of credit to meet our cash flow requirements.  
 Product Development and Royalties  
 Our success is dependent on continuous innovation in our branded-play and entertainment offerings and requires continued development of
new brands and products alongside the redesign of existing products to drive consumer interest and market acceptance. Our toy and game products are developed by a global development function, the costs of which are allocated to the selling entities
which comprise our principal operating segments. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, we incurred expenses of $242.9 million, $222.6 million and $207.6 million, respectively, on activities related to the development, design and engineering of new products and
their packaging (including products brought to us by independent designers) and on the improvement or modification of ongoing products. Much of this work is performed by our internal staff of designers, artists, model makers and engineers.
   In addition to the design and development work performed by our own staff, we deal with a number of independent toy and game
designers for whose designs and ideas we compete with other toy and game manufacturers. Rights to such designs and ideas, when acquired by us, are usually exclusive and the agreements require us to pay the designer a royalty on our net sales of the
item. These designer royalty agreements, in some cases, also provide for advance royalties and minimum guarantees.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We also produce a number of toys and games under trademarks and copyrights utilizing the
names or likenesses of characters from movies, television shows and other entertainment media, for whose rights we compete with other toy and game manufacturers. Licensing fees for these rights are generally paid as a royalty on our net sales of the
item. Licenses for the use of characters are generally exclusive for specific products or product lines in specified territories. In many instances, advance royalties and minimum guarantees are required by these license agreements.  
 In 2015, 2014 and 2013, we incurred $379.2 million, $305.3 million and $338.9 million, respectively, of royalty expense. In 2013, royalty
expense included $63.8 million related to the settlement of an arbitration award for a dispute between the Company and an inventor, as well as costs related to the amendment of the Company’s license agreement with Zynga. Our royalty expense in
any given year may also vary depending upon the timing of movie releases and other entertainment media.  
 Marketing and Sales    While our global development function focuses on brand and product innovation and re-invention, our global marketing function establishes brand direction and messaging and assists the selling entities in
establishing local marketing programs. The global marketing group works cross-functionally with the global development function to deliver unified, brand-specific points of view. The costs of this group are allocated to the selling entities which
comprise our principal operating segments. In addition to the global marketing function, our local selling entities employ sales and marketing functions responsible for local market activities and execution.  
 Our products are sold globally to a broad spectrum of customers, including wholesalers, distributors, chain stores, discount stores, drug
stores, mail order houses, catalog stores, department stores and other traditional retailers, large and small, as well as internet-based “e-tailers.” Our own sales forces account for the majority of sales of our products with remaining
sales generated by independent distributors who, for the most part, sell our products in areas of the world where we do not otherwise maintain a direct presence. Notwithstanding our thousands of customers, the majority of our sales are to large
chain stores, distributors and wholesalers. Customer concentration provides us with certain benefits, such as potentially more efficient product distribution practices and other reductions in costs of sales and distribution; however, customer
concentration can also create additional risks for our business. These risks can create potential detriments to our business resulting from the financial difficulties of our major customers which could lead to reductions in sales or unfavorable
changes in our business relationships with one, or more, of our major customers. Customer concentration may also decrease the prices we are able to obtain for some of our products and reduce the number of products we would otherwise be able to bring
to market. During 2015, net revenues from our top five customers accounted for approximately 39% of our consolidated global net revenues, including our three largest customers, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target
Corporation who represented 16%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated global net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment, approximately 59% of our net revenues were derived from these top three customers.  
 We advertise many of our toy and game products extensively on television and through digital marketing and advertising of our brands.
Products are strategically cross-promoted by spotlighting specific products alongside related offerings in a manner that promotes the sale of not only the selected item, but also those complementary products. In addition to those advertising
initiatives, Hasbro Studios produces entertainment based primarily on our brands which appears on Discovery Family Channel and other major networks globally as well as on various other digital platforms, such as Netflix and iTunes. We also introduce
many of our new products to major customers within one to two years leading up to their year of retail introduction. We generally showcase certain new products in New York City at the time of the American International Toy Fair in February, as well
as at other international toy shows, including in Hong Kong and Nuremburg, Germany. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, we incurred $409.4 million, $420.3 million and $398.1 million, respectively, in expense related to advertising and promotional programs.
   Manufacturing and Importing  
 During 2015 substantially all of our products were manufactured in third party facilities in the Far East, primarily China, as well as in
two previously owned facilities located in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Waterford, Ireland. These facilities were owned by the Company through August 2015, at which point they were sold to Cartamundi, who will continue to manufacture game products for us under a
manufacturing agreement.    We believe that the manufacturing capacity of our third party manufacturers, as well as the supply of
components, accessories and completed products which we purchase from unaffiliated manufacturers, are adequate to meet the anticipated demand in 2016 for our products. Our reliance on designated external sources of manufacturing could be shifted,
over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply for our products, should such changes be necessary or desirable. However, if we were to be prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of our current Far East suppliers due to
political, labor or other factors beyond our control, our operations and our ability to obtain products would be severely disrupted while alternative sources of product were secured and production shifted to those new sources. The imposition of
trade sanctions by the United States or the European Union against a class of products imported by us from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China, or other factors which increase the cost of manufacturing in China,
such as higher Chinese labor costs or an appreciation in the Chinese Yuan, could significantly disrupt our operations and/or significantly increase the cost of the products which are manufactured in China and imported into other markets.  
 Most of our products are manufactured from basic raw materials such as plastic, paper and cardboard, although certain products also make
use of electronic components. All of these materials are readily available but may be subject to significant fluctuations in price. There are certain chemicals (including phthalates and BPA) that national, state and local governments have restricted
or are seeking to restrict or limit the use of; however, we do not believe these restrictions have or will materially impact our business. We generally enter into agreements with suppliers at the beginning of a fiscal year that establish prices for
that year. However, significant volatility in the prices of any of these materials may require renegotiation with our suppliers during the year.    The manufacturing processes of our vendors include injection molding, blow molding, spray painting, printing, box making and assembly. The countries of the Far East, particularly China, constitute the
largest manufacturing center of toys in the world and the substantial majority of our toy products are manufactured in China. The 1996 implementation of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade reduced or eliminated customs duties on many of the
products imported by us.    Competition  
 We are a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of toys and games and other family entertainment offerings, but our
business is highly competitive. We compete with several large toy and game companies in our product categories, as well as many smaller United States and international toy and game designers, manufacturers and marketers. We also compete with other
companies that offer branded entertainment specific to children and their families. Competition is based primarily on meeting consumer entertainment preferences and on the quality and play value of our products. To a lesser extent, competition is
also based on product pricing. In entertainment, Hasbro Studios and Discovery Family Channel compete with other children’s and family television networks and entertainment producers, such as Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network and Disney Channel, for
viewers, advertising revenue and distribution.    In addition to contending with competition from other toy and game and
branded-play entertainment companies, we contend with the phenomenon that children are increasingly sophisticated and have been moving away from traditional toys and games at a younger age. Thereby, the variety of product and entertainment offerings
available for children has expanded and product life cycles have shortened as children move on to more sophisticated offerings at younger ages. This has been referred to as “children getting older younger” but may also be referred to as
developmental compression. As a result, our products not only compete with those offerings produced by other toy and game manufacturers and companies offering branded family entertainment, we also compete, particularly in meeting the demands of
older children, with entertainment offerings of many technology companies, such as makers of tablets, mobile devices, video games and other consumer electronic products.    The volatility in consumer preferences with respect to family entertainment and low barriers to entry as well as the emergence of new technologies continually creates new opportunities for existing
competitors and start-ups to develop products that compete with our entertainment and toy and game offerings.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Employees  
 At December 27, 2015, we employed approximately 5,000 persons worldwide, approximately 2,500 of whom were located in the United
States.    Trademarks, Copyrights and Patents  
 We seek to protect our products, for the most part, and in as many countries as practical, through registered trademarks, copyrights and
patents to the extent that such protection is available, cost effective, and meaningful. The loss of such rights concerning any particular product is unlikely to result in significant harm to our business, although the loss of such protection for a
number of significant items might have such an effect.    Government Regulation  
 Our toy and game products sold in the United States are subject to the provisions of The Consumer Product Safety Act, as amended by the
Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, (as amended, the “CPSA”), The Federal Hazardous Substances Act (the “FHSA”), The Flammable Fabrics Act (the “FFA”), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. In
addition, a few of our products, such as the food mixes for our EASY-BAKE ovens, are also subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration.    The CPSA empowers the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the “CPSC”) to take action against hazards presented by consumer products, including the formulation and implementation of regulations
and uniform safety standards. The CPSC has the authority to seek to declare a product “a banned hazardous substance” under the CPSA and to ban it from commerce. The CPSC can file an action to seize and condemn an “imminently hazardous
consumer product” under the CPSA and may also order equitable remedies such as recall, replacement, repair or refund for the product. The FHSA provides for the repurchase by the manufacturer of articles that are banned.  
 Consumer product safety laws also exist in some states and cities within the United States and in many international markets including
Canada, Australia and Europe. We utilize independent third party laboratories that employ testing and other procedures intended to maintain compliance with the CPSA, the FHSA, the FFA, other applicable domestic and international product standards,
and our own standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that our products are or will be hazard free. Any material product recall or other safety issue impacting our product could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition, depending on the product and scope of the recall, could damage our reputation and could negatively affect sales of our other products as well.  
 The Children’s Television Act of 1990 and the rules promulgated thereunder by the United States Federal Communications Commission,
the rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission, as well as the laws of certain other countries, also place limitations on television commercials during children’s programming and on advertising in other forms to children, and on the
collection of information from children, such as restrictions on collecting information from children under the age of thirteen subject to the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.  
 We maintain programs to comply with various United States federal, state, local and international requirements relating to the
environment, health, safety and other matters.    Financial Information about Segments and Geographic
Areas    The information required by this item is included in note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this report and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 The following persons are the executive officers of the Company. Such executive officers are elected annually. The position(s) and
office(s) listed below are the principal position(s) and office(s) held by such persons with the Company. The persons listed below generally also serve as officers and directors of certain of the Company’s various subsidiaries at the request
and convenience of the Company.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
   
    
   Position and Office Held 
    
 Period Serving in Current Position 
   


 
   Brian D. Goldner(1) 
    
   
 52 
    
    
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
   
 Since 2015 
    
 
   Deborah M. Thomas(2) 
    
   
 52 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Duncan J. Billing(3) 
    
   
 57 
    
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Global Operations and Business Development Officer 
    
   
 Since 2014 
    
 
   Barbara Finigan(4) 
    
   
 54 
    
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
    
   
 Since 2014 
    
 
   John A. Frascotti(5) 
    
   
 55 
    
    
 President, Hasbro Brands 
    
   
 Since 2014 
    
 
   Wiebe Tinga(6) 
    
   
 55 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Martin R. Trueb 
    
   
 63 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
    
   
 Since 1997 
    
     
 


 
 


 
   (1) Prior thereto, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2008 to 2015. 
 
   (2)  Prior thereto, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to 2013. 
 
   (3)  Prior thereto, Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer from 2013 to 2014; prior thereto, Senior
Vice President and Global Chief Development Officer from 2008 to 2013. 
 
   (4)  Prior thereto, Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary from 2010 to 2014. 
 
   (5)  Prior thereto, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from 2013 to 2014; prior thereto, Senior Vice
President and Global Chief Marketing Officer from 2008 to 2013. 
 
   (6)  Prior thereto, President, North America from 2012 to 2013; prior thereto, President, Latin America, Asia Pacific
and Emerging Markets from 2006 to 2012. 
   Availability of Information  
 Our internet address is http://www.hasbro.com. We make our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on
Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, available free of charge on or through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.      
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors.     Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results    From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods, including with respect to our
planned cost savings initiative, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content
and timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital products; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and
 
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking
statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,”
“may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience
to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from
time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in
millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    We are focusing our global efforts around
our brand architecture, which includes a heightened emphasis and reliance on our franchise and key partner brands, and development of those brands across the brand blueprint.  
 We have made a strategic decision to focus on fewer, larger global brands as we build our business. We are moving away from SKU making
behaviors, which involve building a large number of products across many brands, towards global brand building with an emphasis on developing our franchise and key partner brands, which we view as having the largest global potential. As we
concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands, our future success depends to a greater extent on our ability to successfully develop those brands across our brand blueprint and to maintain and extend the reach and relevance of those
brands to global consumers in a wide array of markets. This strategy has required us to build and develop competencies in new areas, including storytelling, digital content and consumer products. Developing and growing these competencies has
required significant effort, time and money. Our future success is dependent on our ability to continue building our brands across the blueprint.    In 2015 revenues from our seven franchise brands, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, totaled 52% of our aggregate net revenues. Our key
partner brands, including DISNEY, MARVEL and LUCASFILM, also constitute a significant portion of our overall business. In 2015, net revenues from our partner brands constituted 28% of our aggregate net revenues. Together our franchise and partner
brands are critical to our business. If we are unable to successfully execute this strategy and to maintain and develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, such that our product offerings based on these brands are not sought after by
consumers to the extent required to maintain and grow those brands, our revenues and profits will decline and our business performance will be harmed. In addition to continuing to grow and develop our existing franchise brands, successfully
executing our brand strategy may also require us to be able to successfully develop other brands, such as current challenger brands, to franchise brand status. There is no guarantee that we will be able to do this.  
 Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to design and develop products which will be popular with
children and families.    The interests of children and families evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically
from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture children’s and families’ interests and imagination and quickly develop and introduce
innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with the ever increasing utilization of technology and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the
increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s
and families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other products can be popular  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual children’s and family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we
devote time and resources to developing entertainment and products that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in significant quantities to be profitable to us, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be
damaged. Similarly, if our product offerings and entertainment fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests our revenues and earnings will be reduced.    Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our children’s and family entertainment products and properties by consumers in diverse markets around
the world with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design product and entertainment
offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience.    The
challenge of continuously developing and offering products that are sought after by children is compounded by the sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of technology and entertainment offerings available to them.
   Children are increasingly utilizing electronic offerings such as tablet devices and mobile phones and they are
expanding their interests to a wider array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment products and digital and social media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital
media and social media companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors, are designing and marketing products which incorporate increasing technology, seek to integrate digital and analog play, and aim to capitalize on new play patterns and
increased consumption of digital and social media.    With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is
no guarantee that:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing,
royalties (including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product.    Entertainment is an increasingly important success factor for our brand awareness, storytelling and brand building.  
 Entertainment media, in forms such as television, motion pictures, digital products, digital shorts, DVD releases and other media, have
become increasingly important platforms for consumers to experience our brands and our partners’ brands and the success, or lack of success, of such media efforts can significantly impact the demand for our products and our financial success.
We spend considerable resources in designing and developing products in conjunction with planned media releases, both by our partners and our own media releases. Not only our efforts, but the efforts of third parties, heavily impact the timing of
media development, release dates and the ultimate consumer interest in and success of these media efforts.    For 2016 we are
developing and marketing significant product lines tied to the scheduled motion picture releases by key partners of  CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR, MOANA, ROGUE ONE: A STAR WARS STORY   and  TROLLS . Those motion pictures are all being
developed and released by our partners and our partners control the content and schedule for such motion pictures. Other key partner product lines we are offering, such as YOKAI-WATCH, depend on television support by our partners for their
successes. Similarly, we are developing and marketing products for entertainment we play a more active role in developing or develop ourselves. If those motion pictures, television shows, or any other key entertainment content for which we develop
and market products are not as successful as we and our partners anticipate, our revenues and earnings will be reduced.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The ultimate timing and success of such projects is critically dependent on the efforts and
schedules of our licensors, and studio and media partners. We do not fully control when or if any particular motion picture projects will be greenlit, developed or released, and our licensors or media partners may change their plans with respect to
projects and release dates or cancel development all together. This can make it difficult for us to get feature films developed, plan future entertainment slates and to successfully develop and market products in conjunction with future motion
picture and other media releases, given the lengthy lead times involved in product development and successful marketing efforts.  
 When we say that products or brands will be supported by certain media releases, those statements are based on our current plans and
expectations. Unforeseen factors may increase the cost of these releases, delay these media releases or even lead to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned product development work, introductions, or media support may decrease the
number of products we sell and harm our business.    Lack of sufficient consumer interest in entertainment
media for which we offer products can harm our business.    Motion pictures, television, digital products or other media
for which we develop products may not be as popular with consumers as we anticipated. While it is difficult to anticipate what products may be sought after by consumers, it can be even more difficult to properly predict the popularity of media
efforts and properties given the broad array of competing offerings. If our and our partners’ media efforts fail to garner sufficient consumer interest and acceptance, our revenues and the financial return from such efforts will be harmed.
   Discovery Family Channel, our cable television joint venture with Discovery Communications, Inc. in the United States,
competes with a number of other children’s television networks for viewers, advertising revenue and distribution fees. There is no guarantee that Discovery Family Channel will be successful. Similarly, Hasbro Studios’ programming
distributed internationally and Backflip Studios’ digital products compete with content from many other parties. Lack of consumer interest in and acceptance of content developed by Hasbro Studios and Backflip Studios, or other content appearing
on Discovery Family Channel, and products related to that content, could significantly harm our business. Similarly, our business could be harmed by greater than expected costs, or unexpected delays or difficulties, associated with our investment in
Discovery Family Channel, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in building advertising revenues for Discovery Family Channel. During 2015 we spent $42.5 million for television programming and film projects being developed
by Hasbro Studios and we anticipate that we will continue spending at comparable levels in 2016 and future years.    At
December 27, 2015, $242.9 million, or 5.1%, of our total assets, represented our investment in Discovery Family Channel. If Discovery Family Channel does not achieve success, or if there are subsequent declines in the success or profitability
of the channel, then our investment may become impaired, which could result in a write-down through net earnings.    The children’s and family entertainment industry and consumer products industry are highly competitive and the barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively
with existing or new competitors or with our retailers’ private label toy products our revenues, market share and profitability could decline.    The children’s and family entertainment industry and the consumer products industry are, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We compete in the United States and internationally with a wide
array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which combine analog and digital play, and other entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers
who offer such products under their own private labels. In addition, we compete with other companies who are focused on building their brands across multiple product and consumer categories. Across our business, we face competitors who are
constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for consumer acceptance and purchase.  
 In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the children’s and family entertainment industry
and in the consumer products industry are low, and the increasing importance of digital  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of
companies we compete with. New participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. These existing and new
competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and
lower our profitability.    In recent years, retailers have also developed their own private-label products that directly compete
with the products of traditional manufacturers and brand owners. Some retail chains that are our customers sell private-label children’s and family entertainment products designed, manufactured and branded by the retailers themselves. These
products may be sold at prices lower than our prices for comparable products, which may result in lower purchases of our products by these retailers and may reduce our market share.  
 An inability to develop and introduce planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely and cost-effective
manner may damage our business.    In developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the
associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated
development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a
cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. The risk is also exacerbated by the increasing sophistication of
many of the products we are designing, and brands we are developing in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product differentiation. Unforeseen delays
or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated
or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued.    Changes in
foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance.    Our global operations
mean we produce and buy products, and sell products, in many different jurisdictions with many different currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the United States dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have
significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars, may be meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. As an example, if the dollar appreciates 10% relative
to a local currency for an international market in which we had $200 million of net revenues, the dollar value of those sales, as they are translated into U.S. dollars, would decrease by $20 million in our consolidated financial results. As such, we
would recognize a $20 million decrease in our net revenues, even if the actual level of sales in the foreign market had not changed. Similarly, our expenses can be significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the
profitability of our business in U.S. dollar terms can be negatively impacted by exchange rate movements which we do not control. Late in 2014 and throughout 2015, certain key currencies, such as the Euro, Russian Ruble, and Brazilian Real
depreciated significantly compared to the U.S. dollar. This depreciation had a significant negative impact on our 2014 and 2015 revenues and earnings. Similar depreciation in key currencies during 2016 may have a significant negative impact on our
revenues and earnings as they are reported in U.S. dollars.    Global and regional economic downturns that
negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial performance.  
 We design, manufacture and market a wide variety of entertainment and consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers
and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
level of discretionary consumer spending in the markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in
other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held
by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and consumer spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our
revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability.    In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our
products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during such times we may need to reduce the price of our products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and
consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net revenues or increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability.    Challenging market conditions in certain developed economies, such as in Australia and certain Western European countries, make it more difficult for us to succeed.
   Our future success in developed economies is impacted by market conditions. For example, a European sovereign debt
crisis or other significant negative shock to European markets could lead to a recession in Europe, which may negatively impact consumers and in turn, sales of our products in the European markets. Similar negative events impacting the market in the
United States and other developed economies may harm our business.    Many categories within the toy, game and family
entertainment industries in certain developed economies, such as Australia and certain Western European countries, have not grown, or in some cases have even declined, in certain recent years. In addition, many current economic predictions suggest
developed economies may grow only modestly, if at all, in the next several years. We have substantial business in developed economies, and these markets represent a majority of our current product sales. It is more difficult for us to grow, or even
maintain, our business when the overall market in certain of the major countries we serve is not growing or is declining. To succeed in a market that is stable or declining, we must maintain or gain market share from our competitors, which is more
difficult than growing in an expanding market. As long as economic conditions in the developed economies remain difficult, this will be an additional challenge for the Company.  
 An increasing portion of our business is expected to come from emerging markets, and growing business in emerging
markets presents additional challenges.    We expect an increasing portion of our net revenues to come from emerging
markets in the future, including Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia. In 2015 revenues in emerging markets constituted approximately 14% of our net revenues, up from only 6% of our net revenues in 2010. Over time, we expect our emerging market
net revenues to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Operating in an increasing
number of markets, each with its own unique consumer preferences and business climates, presents additional challenges that we must meet. In addition to the need to successfully anticipate and serve different global consumer preferences and
interests, sales and operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to other risks associated with international operations, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws
and regulations that impact our product offerings and related enforcement;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite
different from the United States;  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and
interruptions; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The imposition of tariffs, quotas, or other protectionist measures.  
 Because of the importance of our emerging market net revenues, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if any of
the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our emerging market business.    Our business depends in large part on the success of our key partner brands and on our ability to maintain and extend solid relationships with our key partners.  
 As part of our strategy, in addition to developing and marketing products based on properties we own or control, we also seek to obtain
licenses enabling us to develop and market products based on popular entertainment properties owned by third parties.    We
currently have in-licenses to several successful entertainment properties, including MARVEL and STAR WARS, each owned by Disney. These licenses typically have multi-year terms and provide us with the right to market and sell designated classes of
products. In recent years our sales of products under the MARVEL and STAR WARS licenses have been highly significant to our business. If we fail to meet our contractual commitments and/or any of these licenses were to terminate and not be renewed,
or the popularity of any of these licensed properties was to significantly decline, our business would be damaged and we would need to successfully develop and market other products to replace the products previously offered under license. Beginning
in 2016, our product offerings under licenses with Disney will expand to include product offerings based on the DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN brands.    Our license to the MARVEL property is granted from Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”). Our license to the STAR WARS property is granted by Lucas Licensing
Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together “Lucas”). Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company.    Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating results will depend, in large part, on our sales during the relatively brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is
exacerbated by retailers’ quick response inventory management techniques.    Sales of our toys, games and other
family entertainment products at retail are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in anticipation of the holiday season. This seasonality has increased over time, as retailers
become more efficient in their control of inventory levels through quick response inventory management techniques. Customers are timing their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers.
For toys, games and other family entertainment products which we produce, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally occur in the fourth quarter, close to the holiday season. As a consequence, the majority of our sales to our customers
occur in the period from September through December, as our customers do not want to maintain large on-hand inventories throughout the year ahead of consumer demand. While these techniques reduce a retailer’s investment in inventory, they
increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying costs to the supplier.    The level of inventory carried by retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting in lower revenues for us. If we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail
than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand. Additionally, the logistics of supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the
risk that we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules, which also may reduce our sales and harm our financial performance. This seasonal pattern requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire
inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of
products that are less popular with consumers. Our  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in our under producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, would reduce our total sales and harm our
results of operations. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by
unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods,
particularly from the Far East, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season.  
 The concentration of our retail customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or
promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact on us.    We depend upon a
relatively small retail customer base to sell the majority of our products. For the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, accounted for approximately 16%, 9% and 9%,
respectively, of our consolidated net revenues and our five largest customers, including Wal-Mart, Toys “R” Us and Target, in the aggregate accounted for approximately 39% of our consolidated net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment,
approximately 59% of the net revenues of the segment were derived from our top three customers. If one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly
reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, alter the manner in which they promote our
products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, it could significantly harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. Customers make no binding long-term commitments
to us regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products, and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for
our products. In addition, increased concentration among our customers could also negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower gross margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were
less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, the bankruptcy or other lack of success of one or more of our significant retail customers could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.  
 Part of our strategy to remain relevant to children and families is to offer innovative products incorporating
progressive technology, integrating digital and analog play. These products can be more difficult and expensive to design and manufacture which may reduce margins on some or a portion of these products compared to more traditional toys and games and
such products may have short life spans.    As childhood evolves and children become more interested in sophisticated
product offerings, such as video games, consumer electronics and social and digital media, at younger and younger ages, we have sought to keep our products relevant and interesting for these consumers. To continue capturing the interest of
sophisticated youth, we must offer innovative children’s electronic toy and game products. This is another key to our strategy; complementing analog play with digital integration and investing in technology development. These electronic and
digital products, if successful, can be an effective way for us to connect with consumers and increase our sales. However, children’s electronic and digital products, in addition to the risks associated with our other family entertainment
products, also face certain additional risks.    Costs associated with designing, developing and producing technologically
advanced or sophisticated products tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, such as board games and action figures. In order to recoup these higher costs, sufficient sales quantities at sufficient prices which reflect
those higher costs are necessary but may be constrained by heavy competition in consumer electronics and entertainment products, and can be further constrained by difficult economic conditions meaning we can face increased risk of not achieving
sales sufficient to recover our costs. Additionally, designing, developing and producing technologically advanced or sophisticated products requires different competencies and follows  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or production of these products incorporated into or associated with traditional toys and games could have a
significant impact on our ability to successfully offer such products. In addition, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in the electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other products. This
pace of change means that the window in which a product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games.    Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations.  
 We operate facilities and sell products in numerous countries outside the United States. For the year ended December 27, 2015, our
net revenues from the International segment comprised approximately 44% of our total consolidated net revenues. We expect net revenues from our International segment to continue accounting for a significant portion of our revenues. In fact, over
time, we expect our international sales and operations to continue to grow both in dollars and as a percentage of our overall business as a result of a key business strategy to expand our presence in emerging and underserved international markets.
Additionally, as we discuss below, we utilize third-party manufacturers located in the Far East to produce our products. These sales and manufacturing operations, including operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may
increase our presence in, are subject to the risks associated with international operations, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Limitations on the repatriation of earnings;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes
and other costs of doing business;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws
and regulations and related enforcement;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite
different from the United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Transportation delays and interruptions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and
interruptions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The imposition of tariffs, quotas, or other protectionist measures.  
 Because of the importance of our international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of
operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other economic and public health conditions in the markets in which we
operate, including rising commodity and fuel prices, higher labor costs, increased transportation costs, outbreaks of public health pandemics or other diseases, or third party conduct could negatively impact our ability to produce and ship our
products, and lower our revenues, margins and profitability.    Various economic and public health conditions can impact
our ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely and cost-effective manner, or can otherwise have a significant negative impact on our revenues, profitability and business.  
 Significant increases in the costs of other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries,
may reduce household spending on the discretionary branded-play entertainment products we offer. As we discussed above, weakened economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in any of our major markets may significantly reduce
consumer purchases of our products. Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, or the prospect of such events. Such a
weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, could harm our revenues and profitability.    Our success and profitability not only depend on consumer demand for our products, but also on our ability to produce and sell those products at costs which allow for us to make a profit. Rising fuel and
raw material prices, for paperboard and other components such as resin used in plastics or electronic components, increased transportation costs, and increased labor costs in the markets in which our products are manufactured all may increase the
costs we incur to produce and transport our products, which in turn may reduce our margins, reduce our profitability and harm our business.    Other conditions, such as the unavailability of sufficient quantities of electrical components, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and ship new and continuing products on a timely basis.
Additional factors outside of our control could further delay our products or increase the cost we pay to produce such products. For example, work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, an outbreak of a severe public health pandemic, a natural disaster or
the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, all could impact our ability to manufacture or deliver product. Any of these factors could result in product delays, increased costs and/or lost sales for our products.  
 We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed material has less market appeal than expected
or if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties.    In addition
to designing and developing products based on our own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and interests by producing products based on popular entertainment properties developed by third parties and licensed to us. The success of
entertainment properties for which we have a license, such as MARVEL, STAR WARS, SESAME STREET, DISNEY PRINCESS, FROZEN , TROLLS or YOKAI-WATCH related products, can significantly affect our revenues and profitability. If we produce a line of
products based on a movie or television series, the success of the movie or series has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in the associated products we are offering. In addition, competition in our industry for access to
entertainment properties can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses to entertainment products on beneficial terms, if at all, and to attract and retain the talented employees necessary to design, develop and market
successful products based on these properties.    The license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to
pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales, which could result in write-offs of significant amounts which in turn would harm our results of
operations. At December 27, 2015, we had $124.4 million of prepaid royalties, $47.5 million of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $76.8 million of which are included in other assets. Under the terms of existing
contracts as of December 27, 2015, we may be required to pay additional future minimum guaranteed royalties and other licensing fees totaling approximately $426.4 million. Acquiring or renewing
 
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become
available for renewal, or missing business opportunities for new licenses. Additionally, as a licensee of entertainment-based properties we have no guaranty that a particular property or brand will translate into successful toy, game or other family
entertainment products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us.  
 We anticipate that the shorter theatrical duration for movie releases may make it increasingly difficult for us to profitably sell
licensed products based on entertainment properties and may lead our customers to reduce their demand for these products in order to minimize their inventory risk. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that a successful brand will continue to be
successful or maintain a high level of sales in the future, as new entertainment properties and competitive products are continually being introduced to the market. In the event that we are not able to acquire or maintain successful entertainment
licenses on advantageous terms, our revenues and profits may be harmed.    Our use of third-party
manufacturers to produce our products, as well as certain other products, presents risks to our business.    With the
sale of our remaining manufacturing facilities in 2015, all of our products are now manufactured by third-party manufacturers, the majority of which are located in China. Should changes be necessary, our external sources of manufacturing can be
shifted, over a significant period of time, to alternative sources of supply. If we were prevented or delayed in obtaining products or components for a material portion of our product line due to political, civil, labor or other factors beyond our
control, including natural disasters or pandemics, our operations may be substantially disrupted, potentially for a significant period of time. This delay could significantly reduce our revenues and profitability and harm our business while
alternative sources of supply are secured.    Given that our toy manufacturing is conducted by third-party manufacturers, the
majority of whom are located in China, health conditions and other factors affecting social and economic activity in China and affecting the movement of people and products into and from China to our major markets, including North America and
Europe, as well as increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in China, could have a significant negative impact on our operations, revenues and earnings.  
 Factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the Chinese Yuan, which may result in an
increase in the cost of producing products in China, labor shortages and increases in labor costs in China as well as difficulties in moving products manufactured in China out of Asia and through the ports in North America and Europe, whether due to
port congestion, labor disputes, slow downs, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors. Prolonged disputes or slowdowns at the west coast port can negatively impact both the time and cost of transporting goods into the United States.
Natural disasters or health pandemics impacting China can also have a significant negative impact on our business. Further, the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations by the United States or the European Union against products imported
by us from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China, could significantly increase our cost of products imported into the United States or Europe and harm our business. Additionally, the suspension of the operations of a
third-party manufacturer by government inspectors in China could result in delays to us in obtaining product and may harm sales.  
 We require our third-party manufacturers to comply with our Global Business Ethics Principles, which are designed to prevent products
manufactured for us from being produced under inhumane or exploitive conditions. Our Global Business Ethics Principles address a number of issues, including working hours and compensation, health and safety, and abuse and discrimination. In
addition, we require that our products supplied by third-party manufacturers be produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including consumer and product safety laws in the markets where those products are sold. Hasbro has the
right and exercises such right, both directly and through the use of outside monitors, to monitor compliance by our third-party manufacturers with our Global Business Ethics Principles and other manufacturing requirements. In addition, we do quality
assurance testing on our products, including products manufactured for us by third parties. Notwithstanding these  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
requirements and our monitoring and testing of compliance with them, there is always a risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not comply with our requirements and that we
will not immediately discover such non-compliance. Any failure of our third-party manufacturers to comply with labor, consumer, product safety or other applicable requirements in manufacturing products for us could result in damage to our
reputation, harm sales of our products and potentially create liability for us.    If we are unable to
successfully adapt to the evolution of gaming, our revenues and profitability may decline.    Recognizing the critical
need for increased innovation and a change in the way we go to market with gaming products in order to remain successful in the gaming business in the future, we began implementing a strategy in 2011 to reinvent our gaming business. The objective of
this plan was to stabilize our gaming business in 2012, and to position it to grow over the long-term. Our strategy to drive our gaming business in the future involves substantial changes in how we market our gaming products to consumers and how we
position them at retail, a focus on understanding consumer insights and in delivering industry leading innovation in gaming, a change in our allocation of focus across gaming brands, greater penetration of our brands into digital gaming and the
successful combination of analog and digital gaming. Our strategy also involves making changes in how we design and develop our gaming products. We recognize the need to provide immersive game play that is easy for consumers to learn and play in
shorter periods of time, as well as offer innovative face to face, off the board and digital gaming opportunities. People are gaming in greater numbers than ever before, but the nature of gaming has and continues to evolve quickly. To be successful
our gaming offerings must evolve to anticipate and meet these changes in consumer gaming. Our failure to successfully implement our strategy and to keep up with the evolution of gaming could substantially harm our business, resulting in lost
revenues and lost profits.    Our success is critically dependent on the efforts and dedication of our
officers and other employees.    Our officers and employees are at the heart of all of our efforts. It is their skill,
innovation and hard work that drive our success. We compete with many other potential employers in recruiting, hiring and retaining our senior management team and our many other skilled officers and other employees around the world. There is no
guarantee that we will be able to recruit, hire or retain the senior management, officers and other employees we need to succeed. Additionally, we have experienced significant changes in our workforce from our restructuring efforts and the
recruitment and hiring of new skill sets required for our changing global business. We have added hundreds of employees in our global markets, in licensing and in entertainment and storytelling capabilities, while reducing our overall workforce over
the last several years. These changes in employee composition, both in terms of global distribution and in skill sets, has required changes in our business. Our loss of key management or other employees, or our inability to hire talented people with
the skill sets we need for our changing business, could significantly harm our business.    To remain
competitive we must continuously work to increase efficiency and reduce costs, but there is no guarantee we will be successful in this regard.    Our business is extremely competitive, the pace of change in our industry is getting faster and our competitors are always working to be more efficient and profitable. To compete we must continuously
improve our processes, increase efficiency and work to reduce our expenses. We intend to achieve this partly by focusing on fewer, more global brand initiatives and through process improvements, including in global product development. However,
these actions are no guarantee we will achieve our cost savings goal and we may realize fewer benefits than are expected from this initiative.    Our business is critically dependent on our intellectual property rights and we may not be able to protect such rights successfully.  
 Our intellectual property, including our trademarks and tradenames, copyrights, patents, and rights under our license agreements and other
agreements that establish our intellectual property rights and maintain the confidentiality of our intellectual property, is of critical value. We rely on a combination of trade secret,  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect our rights to valuable intellectual property related to our brands in the United States and around the world. From time
to time, third parties have challenged, and may in the future try to challenge, our ownership of our intellectual property in the United States and around the world. In addition, our business is subject to the risk of third parties counterfeiting
our products or infringing on our intellectual property rights. We may need to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Similarly, third parties may claim
ownership over certain aspects of our products or other intellectual property. Our failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights could significantly harm our business and competitive position.  
 We have a material amount of acquired product rights which, if impaired, would result in a reduction of our net
earnings.    Much of our intellectual property has been internally developed and has no carrying value on our
consolidated balance sheets. However, as of December 27, 2015, we had $280.8 million of acquired product and licensing rights included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Declines in the profitability of the acquired brands or
licensed products or our decision to reduce our focus or exit these brands may impact our ability to recover the carrying value of the related assets and could result in an impairment charge. Reduction in our net earnings caused by impairment
charges could harm our financial results.    We rely on external financing, including our credit facility,
to help fund our operations. If we were unable to obtain or service such financing, or if the restrictions imposed by such financing were too burdensome, our business would be harmed.  
 Due to the seasonal nature of our business, in order to meet our working capital needs, particularly those in the third and fourth
quarters, we rely on our commercial paper program, revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities for working capital. We currently have a commercial paper program which, subject to market conditions, and availability under our committed
revolving credit facility, allows us to issue up to $700.0 million in aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding from time to time as a source of working capital funding and liquidity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to issue
commercial paper on favorable terms, or at all, at any given point in time.    We also have a revolving credit agreement that
expires in 2020, which provides for a $700.0 million committed revolving credit facility and a further source of working capital funding and liquidity. This facility also supports borrowings under our commercial paper program. The credit agreement
contains certain restrictive covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility. These restrictive covenants may limit our future actions as well as our financial,
operating and strategic flexibility. In addition, our financial covenants were set at the time we entered into our credit facility. Our performance and financial condition may not meet our original expectations, causing us to fail to meet such
financial covenants. Non-compliance with our debt covenants could result in us being unable to utilize borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other bank lines, a circumstance which potentially could occur when operating shortfalls would
most require supplementary borrowings to enable us to continue to fund our operations.    Not only may our individual financial
performance impact our ability to access sources of external financing, but significant disruptions to credit markets in general may also harm our ability to obtain financing. In times of severe economic downturn and/or distress in the credit
markets, it is possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to us. In such a situation, it may be that we would be unable to access funding under our existing credit facilities, and it might
not be possible to find alternative sources of funding.    We also may choose to finance our capital needs, from time to time,
through the issuance of debt securities. Our ability to issue such securities on satisfactory terms, if at all, will depend on the state of our business and financial condition, any ratings issued by major credit rating agencies, market interest
rates, and the overall condition of the financial and credit markets at the time of the offering. The condition of the credit markets and  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
prevailing interest rates have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. Variations in these factors could make it difficult for us to sell debt securities
or require us to offer higher interest rates in order to sell new debt securities. The failure to receive financing on desirable terms, or at all, could damage our ability to support our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business
activities.    As of December 27, 2015, we had $1,559.9 million of total principal amount of long-term debt outstanding. If
we are unable to generate sufficient available cash flow to service our outstanding debt we would need to refinance such debt or face default. There is no guarantee that we would be able to refinance debt on favorable terms, or at all.  
 As a manufacturer of consumer products and a large multinational corporation, we are subject to various government
regulations and may be subject to additional regulations in the future, violation of which could subject us to sanctions or otherwise harm our business. In addition, we could be the subject of future product liability suits or product recalls, which
could harm our business.    As a manufacturer of consumer products, we are subject to significant government regulations,
including, in the United States, under The Consumer Products Safety Act, The Federal Hazardous Substances Act, and The Flammable Fabrics Act, as well as under product safety and consumer protection statutes in our international markets. In addition,
certain of our products are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration or similar international authorities. Advertising to children is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Communications Commission and a
host of other agencies globally, and the collection of information from children under the age of thirteen is subject to the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and other privacy laws around the world. While we take all
the steps we believe are necessary to comply with these acts, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance and failure to comply with these acts could result in sanctions which could have a negative impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to involuntary product recalls or may voluntarily conduct a product recall. While costs associated with product recalls have generally not been material to our business, the costs
associated with future product recalls individually or in the aggregate in any given fiscal year could be significant. In addition, any product recall, regardless of direct costs of the recall, may harm consumer perceptions of our products and have
a negative impact on our future revenues and results of operations.    Governments and regulatory agencies in the markets where
we manufacture and sell products may enact additional regulations relating to product safety and consumer protection in the future and may also increase the penalties for failure to comply with product safety and consumer protection regulations. In
addition, one or more of our customers might require changes in our products, such as the non-use of certain materials, in the future. Complying with any such additional regulations or requirements could impose increased costs on our business.
Similarly, increased penalties for non-compliance could subject us to greater expense in the event any of our products were found to not comply with such regulations. Such increased costs or penalties could harm our business.  
 As a large, multinational corporation, we are subject to a host of governmental regulations throughout the world, including antitrust,
customs and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, environmental regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Complying with these regulations imposes costs on us which can reduce our profitability and our failure to successfully comply
with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions that could further harm our business and financial condition.    We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or investments in joint ventures, or those benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization.  
 Acquisitions and investments have been a component of our historical growth and have enabled us to further broaden and diversify our
product offerings. In reviewing potential acquisitions or investments, we target companies that we believe offer attractive family entertainment products or offerings, the ability for us to leverage our family entertainment offerings, and
opportunities to drive our strategic brand blueprint or other synergies. In the case of our joint venture with Discovery, we looked to partner with a company that has shown  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the ability to establish and operate compelling entertainment channels. Additionally, through our acquisition of a 70% interest in Backflip Studios, we looked to strengthen our mobile gaming
expertise. However, we cannot be certain that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired companies or investments will
allow us to more effectively market our products or to grow our business. In some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may acquire into our operations will create production, marketing and other operating synergies which
will produce greater revenue growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other advantages. However, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. Even if
achieved, these benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization. In other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather
than fully integrating them into our operations. We cannot be certain that the key talented individuals at these companies would continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products or services in
the future. There is no guarantee that any acquisition or investment we may make will be successful or beneficial, and acquisitions can consume significant amounts of management attention and other resources, which may negatively impact other
aspects of our business.    Failure to successfully operate our information systems and implement new
technology effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability.    We rely extensively on various
information technology systems and software applications to manage many aspects of our business, including product development, management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products, financial reporting and various other processes and
transactions. We are critically dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications
failures, computer viruses, malware and other security breaches, catastrophic events such as hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our employees. The efficient operation and successful growth
of our business depends on these information systems, including our ability to operate them effectively and to select and implement appropriate upgrades or new technologies and systems and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. The failure
of our information systems to perform as designed or our failure to implement and operate them effectively could disrupt our business, require significant capital investments to remediate a problem or subject us to liability.  
 If our electronic data is compromised our business could be significantly harmed.  
 We maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world. This data relates to all aspects of our business,
including current and future products and entertainment under development, and also contains certain customer, consumer, supplier, partner and employee data. We maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such
protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. In addition, we provide confidential and proprietary information to our third-party business partners in certain cases where
doing so is necessary to conduct our business. While we obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to protect such data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the protections of such data
by third parties, nonetheless those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or otherwise compromise the protection of such data. Any compromise of the confidential data of our customers, consumers, suppliers, partners, employees or ourselves,
or failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of or damage to this data through breach of our information technology systems or other means could substantially disrupt our operations, harm our customers, consumers and other business partners, damage
our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations and subject us to additional costs and liabilities and loss of business that could be material.    From time to time, we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense.  
 As a large multinational corporation, we are subject, from time to time, to regulatory investigations, litigation and arbitration
disputes, including potential liability from personal injury or property damage claims by  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the users of products that have been or may be developed by us as well as claims by third parties that our products infringe upon or misuse such third parties’ property or rights. Because
the outcome of litigation, arbitration and regulatory investigations is inherently difficult to predict, it is possible that the outcome of any of these matters could entail significant cost for us and harm our business. The fact that we operate in
a significant number of international markets also increases the risk that we may face legal and regulatory exposures as we attempt to comply with a large number of varying legal and regulatory requirements. Any successful claim against us could
significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Changes in, or
differing interpretations of, income tax laws and rules, and changes in our geographic operating results, may impact our effective tax rate.    We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various international tax jurisdictions. We also conduct business activities between our operating units in various jurisdictions and we are
subject to transfer pricing rules in the countries in which we operate. There is some degree of uncertainty and subjectivity in complying with transfer pricing rules. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in, or the interpretation of,
tax laws or by changes in the amount of revenue and earnings we derive, or are determined to derive by tax authorities, from jurisdictions with differing tax rates. Unanticipated changes in our tax rate could impact our results of operations. In
addition, we may be subject to tax examinations by federal, state, and international jurisdictions, and these examinations can result in significant tax findings if the tax authorities interpret the application of laws and rules differently than we
do or disagree with the intercompany rates we are applying. We assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from tax uncertainties. At December 27, 2015 we have a liability for uncertain tax benefits of $68.3 million. While we believe our
estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of these uncertain tax benefits, or results of possible current or future tax examinations, may differ from our estimates and may have a significant adverse impact on our business and operating results.
   We have a material amount of goodwill which, if it becomes impaired, would result in a reduction in our
net earnings.    Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net assets we
acquire. Goodwill is not amortized and is required to be periodically evaluated for impairment. At December 27, 2015, $592.7 million, or 12.5%, of our total assets represented goodwill. Declines in our profitability may impact the fair value of
our reporting units, which could result in a write-down of our goodwill and consequently harm our results of operations. Included in goodwill is $119.1 million related to Backflip. Should Backflip not achieve its profitability and growth targets,
including anticipated game releases in 2016, the carrying value may become impaired.      
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments.     None.      
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties.     Hasbro owns its corporate headquarters in Pawtucket, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 343,000 square feet, which is used by corporate functions as well as the Global Operations and Entertainment
and Licensing segments. The Company also owns an adjacent building consisting of approximately 23,000 square feet and leases a building in East Providence, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 120,000 square feet, both of which are used by
corporate functions. The Company leases a facility in Providence, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 136,000 square feet which is used primarily by the U.S. and Canada segment, as well as the Entertainment and Licensing and Global Operations
segments. In addition to the above facilities, the Company also leases office space consisting of approximately 111,300 square feet in Renton, Washington as well as warehouse space aggregating approximately 2,238,000 square feet in Georgia,
California, Texas and Quebec that are also used by the U.S. and Canada segment. The Company leases approximately 51,000 square feet in Burbank, California and 24,000 square feet in Boulder, Colorado that are used by the Entertainment and Licensing
segment. The Global Operations segment also leases an aggregate of 98,000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Hong Kong as well as 82,000 square feet of office space leased in the People’s Republic of China.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Outside of its United States and Canada facilities, the Company leases or owns property in
over 30 countries. The primary locations for facilities in the International segment are in Australia , Brazil, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Mexico, Russia, Spain, the People’s Republic of China, and the United Kingdom, all of which are
comprised of both office and warehouse space. In addition, the Company also leases offices in Switzerland and the Netherlands which are primarily used in corporate functions.    The above properties consist, in general, of brick, cinder block or concrete block buildings which the Company believes are in good condition and well maintained.  
 The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its needs. The Company believes that, should it not be able to renew any of the
leases related to its leased facilities, it could secure similar substitute properties without a material adverse impact on its operations.      
 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings.     The Company is currently party to certain legal proceedings, none of which we believe to be material to our business or financial condition.  
   
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures.     None.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
   The Company’s common stock, par value $0.50 per share (the “Common Stock”), is traded on The
NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HAS”. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices in the applicable quarters, as reported on the Composite Tape of The NASDAQ Global Select Market as well as the cash dividends
declared per share of Common Stock for the periods listed.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Sales Prices 
   
    
 Cash Dividends Declared 
   
 
   Period 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   1st Quarter 
    
 $ 
 63.47 
    
    
   
 51.42 
    
    
 $ 
 0.46 
    
 
   2nd Quarter 
    
   
 78.91 
    
    
   
 61.13 
    
    
   
 0.46 
    
 
   3rd Quarter 
    
   
 84.42 
    
    
   
 60.38 
    
    
   
 0.46 
    
 
   4th Quarter 
    
   
 79.93 
    
    
   
 64.91 
    
    
   
 0.46 
    
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   1st Quarter 
    
 $ 
 55.67 
    
    
   
 47.48 
    
    
 $ 
 0.43 
    
 
   2nd Quarter 
    
   
 56.91 
    
    
   
 51.08 
    
    
   
 0.43 
    
 
   3rd Quarter 
    
   
 55.78 
    
    
   
 48.01 
    
    
   
 0.43 
    
 
   4th Quarter 
    
   
 59.42 
    
    
   
 52.74 
    
    
   
 0.43 
    
   The approximate number of holders of record of the Company’s Common Stock as of February 18,
2016 was 8,500.    See Part III, Item 12 of this report for the information concerning the Company’s “Equity
Compensation Plans”.    Dividends    Declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors and will depend upon the earnings and financial condition of the Company and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems appropriate.    Issuer Repurchases of Common Stock  
 Repurchases made in the fourth quarter (in whole numbers of shares and dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
   
 (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 
   
   
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 
   
   
 (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
   
   
 (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
   


 
   October 2015 9/28/15 — 10/25/15 
   
   
 138,000 
    
   
 $ 
 73.66 
    
   
   
 138,000 
    
   
 $ 
 481,184,868 
    
 
   November 2015 10/26/15 — 11/29/15 
   
   
 24,500 
    
   
 $ 
 77.65 
    
   
   
 24,500 
    
   
 $ 
 479,282,560 
    
 
   December 2015 11/30/15 — 12/27/15 
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 479,282,560 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 162,500 
    
   
 $ 
 74.26 
    
   
   
 162,500 
    
   
 $ 
 479,282,560 
    
   In February 2015, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an
additional $500 million in common stock. Purchases of the Company’s common stock may be made from time to  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
time, subject to market conditions. These shares may be repurchased in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the
authorization, and the timing, actual number, and value of the shares that are repurchased, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s stock. The Company may suspend or discontinue the program at any time
and there is no expiration date.      
 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data.     (Thousands of dollars and shares except per share data and ratios)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,447,509 
    
   
   
 4,277,207 
    
   
   
 4,082,157 
    
   
   
 4,088,983 
    
    
   
 4,285,589 
    
 
   Operating Profit 
    
 $ 
 691,933 
    
   
   
 635,375 
    
   
   
 467,093 
    
   
   
 551,785 
    
    
   
 593,981 
    
 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 446,872 
    
   
   
 413,310 
    
   
   
 283,928 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
    
   
 385,367 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
 (4,966 
 )  
   
   
 (2,620 
 )  
   
   
 (2,270 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 451,838 
    
   
   
 415,930 
    
   
   
 286,198 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
    
   
 385,367 
    
 
   Per Common Share Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Earnings Attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.61 
    
   
   
 3.24 
    
   
   
 2.20 
    
   
   
 2.58 
    
    
   
 2.88 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.57 
    
   
   
 3.20 
    
   
   
 2.17 
    
   
   
 2.55 
    
    
   
 2.82 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 1.84 
    
   
   
 1.72 
    
   
   
 1.60 
    
   
   
 1.44 
    
    
   
 1.20 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 4,720,717 
    
   
   
 4,518,100 
    
   
   
 4,393,221 
    
   
   
 4,315,134 
    
    
   
 4,119,056 
    
 
   Total long-term debt(1) 
    
 $ 
 1,559,895 
    
   
   
 1,559,895 
    
   
   
 1,388,285 
    
   
   
 1,396,421 
    
    
   
 1,400,872 
    
 
   Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges(2) 
    
   
 6.52 
    
   
   
 6.05 
    
   
   
 3.94 
    
   
   
 5.31 
    
    
   
 5.71 
    
 
   Weighted Average Number of Common Shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 125,006 
    
   
   
 128,411 
    
   
   
 130,186 
    
   
   
 130,067 
    
    
   
 133,823 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 126,688 
    
   
   
 129,886 
    
   
   
 131,788 
    
   
   
 131,926 
    
    
   
 136,697 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents principal balance of long-term debt and related fair value adjustments. Excludes related deferred debt expenses.  
 
 
 (2) 
 For purposes of calculating the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, fixed charges include interest expense and one-third of rentals; earnings available for fixed
charges represent earnings before income taxes, less the Company’s share of earnings (losses) from equity investees plus fixed charges.    See “Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results” contained in Item 1A of this report for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect future
results. Also see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Item 7 of this report for a discussion of factors affecting the comparability of information contained in this
Item 6.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company included in Part
II Item 8 of this document.    This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations contains forward-looking statements concerning the Company’s expectations and beliefs. See Item 1A “Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results” for a discussion of other uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with these statements.    Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts
herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
   Hasbro, Inc. (“Hasbro” or the “Company”) is a global company dedicated to Creating the
World’s Best Play Experiences. The Company strives to do this through deep consumer engagement and the application of consumer insights, the use of immersive storytelling to build brands, product innovation and development of global business
reach. Hasbro applies these principles to leverage its beloved owned and controlled brands, including LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, as well as the licensed brands of its strategic
partners. From toys and games, to television programming, motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive consumer products licensing program, Hasbro fulfills the fundamental need for play and connection for children and families around the
world. The Company’s wholly-owned Hasbro Studios creates entertainment brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including television, film, digital and more.    Each of these principles is executed globally in alignment with Hasbro’s strategic plan, its brand blueprint. At the center of this blueprint, Hasbro re-imagines, re-invents and re-ignites its owned
and controlled brands and imagines, invents and ignites new brands, through toy and game innovation, immersive entertainment offerings, including television programming and motion pictures, and a broad range of consumer product licensing. Utilizing
consumer engagement and insights coupled with immersive storytelling and product innovation, Hasbro generates revenue and earns cash by developing, marketing and selling global branded-entertainment products in a broad variety of consumer goods
categories, including toy and game products and distribution of television programming based on the Company’s properties, as well as through the out-licensing of rights for third parties to use its properties in connection with products,
including digital media and games and lifestyle products. Hasbro also leverages its competencies to develop and market products based on well-known licensed brands owned by strategic partners, including, but not limited to, DISNEY’S
DESCENDANTS, DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN, JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL, SESAME STREET and STAR WARS. In 2016, the Company expects to develop and market products based on the following licensed entertainment brands, TROLLS and YOKAI-WATCH. DISNEY’S
DESCENDANTS, DISNEY PRINCESS, FROZEN, MARVEL and STAR WARS are owned by The Walt Disney Company.    The Company’s business
is separated into three principal business segments: U.S. and Canada, International and Entertainment and Licensing. The U.S. and Canada segment markets and sells both toy and game products primarily in the United States and Canada. The
International segment consists of the Company’s European, Asia Pacific and Latin and South American toy and game marketing and sales operations. The Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment includes the Company’s consumer
products licensing, digital licensing and gaming, and movie and television entertainment operations. In addition to these three primary segments, the Company’s product sourcing operations are managed through its Global Operations segment.
   2015 highlights  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues grew 4% to $4,447.5 million in 2015 from $4,277.2 million in 2014. Absent unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $394.5
million, 2015 net revenues grew 13% compared to 2014.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   2015 net revenues from Franchise Brands decreased 2% compared to 2014. Absent unfavorable foreign currency translation, 2015 net revenues from
Franchise Brands grew 7% compared to 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, growth from MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF and PLAY-DOH was only partially offset by declines from TRANSFORMERS and to a lesser extent,
LITTLEST PET SHOP.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Growth from the Boys, Games and Preschool categories in 2015 compared to 2014 was partially offset by declines in the Girls category, both as reported
and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2015 net revenues from the U.S. and Canada and Entertainment and Licensing segments were up 10% and 11%, respectively, while net revenues from the
International segment declined 3%. Absent unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $379.4 million, 2015 International segment net revenues increased 16%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Operating profit improved 9% in 2015 compared to 2014 and was up 23% absent unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $92.0 million.
   2014 highlights  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues grew 5% in 2014 to $4,277.2 million from $4,082.2 million in 2013. Absent unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $93.4
million, net revenues grew 7% in 2014 compared to 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 31% in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting growth across six of the seven Franchise Brands. Higher net revenues
from MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS were only partially offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Growth in the Boys and Girls categories was partially offset by declines in the Games and Preschool categories.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues from the U.S. and Canada, International and Entertainment and Licensing segments were up 1%, 8% and 15%, respectively. Absent unfavorable
foreign currency translation of approximately $87.7 million, 2014 International segment net revenues grew 13% compared to 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Operating profit grew 36% in 2014 compared to 2013 and was up 40% absent unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $17.7 million.
   In line with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, Hasbro increased the quarterly dividend
rate from $0.46 per share in 2015 to $0.51 per share in 2016 which will be effective for the dividend payable in May 2016. This was the twelfth dividend increase in the previous 13 years. During that period, the Company has increased the quarterly
cash dividend from $0.03 to $0.51 per share. Furthermore, since 2005, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted eight share repurchase authorizations with a cumulative repurchase amount of $3,825.0 million. In 2015, Hasbro repurchased
approximately 1.2 million shares at a total cost of $84.9 million and an average price of $68.01 per share. Since 2005, Hasbro has repurchased 101.8 million shares at a total cost of $3,348.3 million and an average price of $32.87 per
share. At December 27, 2015, Hasbro had $479.3 million remaining available under these authorizations.    Summary
   The following table provides a summary of the Company’s condensed consolidated results as a percentage of net
revenues for 2015, 2014 and 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net Revenues 
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 15.6 
    
   
   
 14.9 
    
   
   
 11.4 
    
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 13.6 
    
   
   
 12.6 
    
   
   
 8.6 
    
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 10.0 
    
   
   
 9.7 
    
   
   
 7.0 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 10.2 
 %  
   
   
 9.7 
 %  
   
   
 7.0 
 %  
 
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Results of Operations — Consolidated  
 The fiscal years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 were each fifty-two week periods.
   Net earnings, including the impact of noncontrolling interests in Backflip, for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $446.9
million, $413.3 million and $283.9 million, respectively.    In July 2013 the Company acquired a 70% majority interest in
Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”). The Company is consolidating the financial results of Backflip in its consolidated financial statements and, accordingly, reported revenues, costs and expenses, assets and liabilities, and cash flows
include 100% of Backflip, with the 30% noncontrolling interests share reported as net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of operations and redeemable noncontrolling interests on the consolidated balance
sheets. The results of operations for the years ended December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 include a full year of Backflip operations whereas the results of operations for the year ended December 29, 2013 included the operations of
Backflip from the acquisition closing date of July 8, 2013. The results of Backflip are reported in the Entertainment and Licensing segment.    Net earnings and earnings per share attributable to Hasbro, Inc. were $451.8 million, or $3.57 per diluted share, in 2015, $415.9 million, or $3.20 per diluted share, in 2014 and $286.2 million, or $2.17
per diluted share, in 2013.    Net earnings and diluted earnings per share for each fiscal year in the three years ended
December 27, 2015 include certain charges and benefits as described below.    2015
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Benefit, net of tax, of $6.9 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, related to a gain on the sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations in East
Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland.    2014  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Benefit, net of tax, of $23.9 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, related to a gain on the sale of intellectual property license rights.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net benefit of $6.6 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, related to the settlement of certain tax examinations.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Charge, net of tax, of $18.1 million, or $0.14 per diluted share, related to the restructuring of the Company’s equity investment in its joint
television network with Discovery.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Charge, net of tax, of $5.2 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, related to other restructuring activities.  
 2013      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Benefit of $23.6 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, related to the settlement of certain tax examinations in the United States.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Charge, net of tax, of $53.1 million, or $0.40 per diluted share, related to the settlement of an arbitration award following a dispute with an
inventor related to the contractual interpretation of a license agreement between the Company and the inventor.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Charge, net of tax, of $30.9 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, related to the multi-year cost savings initiative announced during the fourth quarter
of 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Charge, net of tax, of $25.9 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, related to the exit of certain non-strategic brands.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 27, 2015 grew 4% to $4,447.5
million from $4,277.2 million for the year ended December 28, 2014 and were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $394.5 million. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation, consolidated net revenues grew
13% in 2015 compared to 2014. In 2015, net revenues from Franchise Brands declined 2% compared to 2014 and comprised 52% of consolidated net revenues. Growth in Franchise Brands MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, NERF and PLAY-DOH was more than offset
by declines in Franchise Brands LITTLEST PET SHOP, MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 7% reflecting growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF and
PLAY-DOH.    Consolidated net revenues for 2014 grew 5% from $4,082.2 million for the year ended December 29, 2013 and were
impacted by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $93.4 million. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation, 2014 net revenues grew 7% compared to 2013. In 2014, net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 31% compared to 2013 reflecting
growth in six of the seven brands: MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. Franchise Brands comprised approximately 55% of consolidated net revenues in 2014.  
 The following chart presents net revenues by product category for each year in the three years ended December 27, 2015.  
         


 
    2015 versus 2014  
 Net revenue growth in the boys, games and preschool categories in 2015 compared to 2014 more than offset lower net revenues from the girls
category.    Boys  The boys’ category
grew 20% in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher net revenues from Franchise Brand NERF and Partner Brands JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and STAR WARS were slightly offset by lower net revenues from Franchise Brand TRANSFORMERS.  
 Within the boys’ category, there are a number of entertainment-based brands which, from year to year, may be supported by major
theatrical releases. As such, boys’ category net revenues by brand fluctuate from year-to-year depending on movie popularity, release dates and related product line offerings and success. In 2015, three Partner Brands were supported by major
theatrical releases — JURASSIC WORLD was supported by the June  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
2015 release of  JURASSIC WORLD , MARVEL was supported by the May 2015 release of  AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON  and STAR WARS was supported by the December 2015 release of  STAR WARS: THE
FORCE AWAKENS . These benefits were partially offset by lower 2015 net revenues from Franchise Brand TRANSFORMERS in a non-movie year as compared to 2014 with the June theatrical release of  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION .  
 Games  The games category grew 1% in 2015 compared
to 2014. Higher net revenues resulted from Franchise Brands MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY as well as from other games brands, including, but not limited to, PIE FACE, DUEL MASTERS, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, LIFE, OUIJA, RISK, RUBIKS, TROUBLE
and YAHTZEE. These higher net revenues were almost wholly offset by lower net revenues from various other games brands, including, but not limited to, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, JENGA and TABOO.  
 Girls  The girls’ category declined 22% in
2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to expected lower net revenues from FURBY products, as well as declines in MY LITTLE PONY, NERF REBELLE and LITTLEST PET SHOP. Core MY LITTLE PONY revenues increased but were, however, more than offset by lower
net revenues from the MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS products. These declines were only partially offset by the first full year of net revenues from the PLAY-DOH DOH VINCI brand, the 2015 introduction of the DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS product line
and initial shipments of DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN products which became available at retail in January 2016.    Preschool   The preschool category grew 17% in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher net revenues from Franchise Brand PLAY-DOH and Partner Brands JURASSIC WORLD and STAR WARS were
only partially offset by lower revenues from the Company’s core PLAYSKOOL product line. Consistent with the boys’ category, preschool category net revenues from Partner Brands benefited from the strong theatrical line-up discussed above.
   2014 versus 2013  
 Net revenue growth in the boys and girls categories in 2014 compared to 2013 more than offset lower net revenues from the games and
preschool categories.    Boys  The
boys’ category grew 20% in 2014 compared to 2013. Higher net revenues from Franchise Brands TRANSFORMERS and NERF and Partner Brand MARVEL were partially offset by expected lower net sales of BEYBLADE products. To a lesser extent, net sales
from STAR WARS products also contributed to boys’ category growth in 2014.    2014 boys category growth reflects successful
execution of Hasbro’s Franchise Brand-focused strategy in conjunction with its brand blueprint. Net revenues from Franchise Brand TRANSFORMERS products benefited from higher net revenues, including higher product sales and royalty income,
related to products based on the 2014 major motion picture release of  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION,  as well as animated television programming in 2014 and 2013.    Sales of MARVEL products, primarily SPIDER-MAN and AVENGERS products, increased in 2014 compared to 2013. SPIDER-MAN was supported by the 2014 major motion picture release of  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2.
 2014 net revenues also included sales related to the 2014 theatrical releases of  CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLIDIER  and  GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY .    Games  The games category declined 4% in 2014 compared to 2013. Growth from Franchise Brands MAGIC: THE GATHERING and
MONOPOLY as well as other games brands, including SIMON, specifically SIMON SWIPE, THE GAME OF LIFE, TROUBLE and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS were more than offset by lower net revenues from other games brands, primarily DUEL MASTERS, ANGRY BIRDS and
TWISTER.    Girls  The girls category grew
2% in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily related to higher net revenues from Franchise Brands, MY LITTLE PONY and NERF REBELLE, partially offset by lower net revenues from Franchise Brand LITTLEST PET SHOP and Challenger Brands FURBY and FURREAL
FRIENDS.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY products experienced continued momentum with support from
the successful television program,  MY LITTLE PONY: FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC,  as well as the third quarter 2013 introduction of MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS fashion doll products which were supported by animated movie releases in both 2013 and
2014. NERF REBELLE, a line of action performance products, introduced during the second half of 2013 also contributed to growth in 2014. 2014 net revenues also included the second quarter 2014 introduction of DOH VINCI, a line of arts and crafts
products which leveraged the franchise brand PLAY-DOH.    Net revenues from FURBY declined in 2014 compared to 2013, which was
expected based on the level of net revenues achieved in 2013, which was the first full year of net revenues from FURBY products, including the introduction of FURBY in non-English speaking markets. Revenues from FURBY, a fashion-oriented brand, are
generally higher in the first full year of introduction.    Preschool  The preschool category declined 4% in 2014 compared to 2013. Higher net revenues from Franchise Brands, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, specifically PLAYSKOOL HEROES
TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS were more than offset by lower net revenues from SESAME STREET, core PLAYSKOOL and TONKA products. TRANSFORMERS product lines benefited from both the 2014 major motion picture release of  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION,
 as well as animated television programming in 2014.    SEGMENT RESULTS  
 Most of the Company’s net revenues and operating profits are derived from its three principal segments: the U.S. and Canada segment,
the International segment and the Entertainment and Licensing segment, which are discussed in detail below.  
 Net Revenues    The chart below illustrates net revenues derived from our principal operating segments in 2015, 2014 and 2013.      
     


 
  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  U.S. and Canada  
 2015 versus 2014    U.S. and Canada segment net revenues grew 10% in 2015 compared to 2014 and were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $14.3 million. Absent the impact of foreign currency, U.S. and
Canada segment net revenues grew 11%. Higher net revenues from the boys’, games and preschool categories were partially offset by lower net revenues from the girls’ category.  
 In the boys’ category, higher net revenues from NERF, JURASSIC WORLD and STAR WARS products were slightly offset by lower net
revenues from TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE products. In the games category, higher net revenues from PIE FACE, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, DUEL MASTERS, JENGA and RUBIKS were only partially offset by lower net revenues from other game brands including
ELEFUN & FRIENDS and CHUTES AND LADDERS products. In the girls’ category, higher net revenues from DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS, and, to a lesser extent, LITTLEST PET SHOP and initial shipments of DISNEY PRINCESS were more than offset by
lower net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, and FURBY products. In the preschool category, higher net revenues from PLAY-DOH, JURASSIC WORLD and STAR WARS products were slightly offset by lower net revenues from TRANSFORMERS and core PLAYSKOOL
products.    2014 versus 2013    U.S. and Canada segment net revenues grew 1% in 2014 compared to 2013 and were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $5.5 million. Higher net revenues from the boys’ category were
almost wholly offset by lower net revenues from the games, girls’ and preschool categories.    In the boys’ category,
higher net revenues from TRANSFORMERS, NERF, MARVEL and STAR WARS in 2014 compared to 2013 were only partially offset by expected lower sales of BEYBLADE products. In the games category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brands, specifically MAGIC:
THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY, as well as other games brands, were more than offset by lower net revenues from DUEL MASTERS and TWISTER, and certain other game brands. In the girls’ category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brands LITTLEST PET
SHOP, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF and PLAY-DOH, as well as higher net revenues from FURREAL FRIENDS, were more than offset by an expected decline in net revenues from FURBY products. In the preschool category, higher net revenues from the Franchise Brands
PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS were more than offset by lower net sales from core PLAYSKOOL as well as key partner brands, particularly SESAME STREET, MARVEL and STAR WARS.    International    Considering the significant changes
in foreign currency, discussing fluctuations in International segment net revenue absent the impact of foreign currency translation provides a more meaningful explanation of the segment’s results. To calculate the year-over-year percentage
change in net revenues absent the impact of foreign currency translation, net revenues were recalculated using those foreign currency translation rates in place for the prior year’s comparable period.  
 The table below presents International segment net revenues by geographic region as well as the year-over-year percentage change including
and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
   
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 As Reported 
   
   
 Absent Foreign Currency Translation 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 As Reported 
   
   
 Absent Foreign Currency Translation 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Europe 
   
 $ 
 1,236.8 
    
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,258.1 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,190.4 
    
 
   Latin America 
   
   
 426.1 
    
   
   
 -8 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 463.5 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 407.7 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 308.9 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 301.4 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 274.9 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Revenues 
   
 $ 
 1,971.9 
    
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,023.0 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,873.0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2015 versus 2014  
 International segment net revenues declined approximately 3% in 2015 compared to 2014. Net revenues grew in certain developed markets,
including the United Kingdom and Germany; however, this was offset by declines in other markets. Emerging markets, including Russia, Brazil and China, net revenues declined 9% in 2015 compared to 2014. 2015 International segment net revenues
included unfavorable foreign currency translation of $379.4 million (Europe — $247.9 million, Latin America — $105.3 million, Asia Pacific — $26.2 million). Unfavorable foreign currency translation reflects the weakening of certain
foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, Russian Ruble, Brazilian Real, and other Latin American currencies compared to the U.S. dollar. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation, International segment net revenues grew 16% in 2015 compared
to 2014. In 2015 excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net revenues grew 15% in emerging markets.    Higher net revenues from
the boys’ and preschool categories were offset by lower net revenues from the girls’ and games category.    In the
boys’ category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brand NERF and Partner Brands JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and STAR WARS were slightly offset by expected lower net revenues from TRANSFORMERS products, which, in 2014, were supported by a major
theatrical release. In the games category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brand MONOPOLY as well as higher net revenues from certain other games brands, including PIE FACE was more than offset by lower revenues from Franchise Brand MAGIC: THE
GATHERING and various other game brands. In the girls’ category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brand PLAY-DOH and the introduction of Partner Brand DISNEY DESCENDANTS were more than offset by expected lower net revenues from FURBY
products, as well as declines in MY LITTLE PONY products. In the preschool category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brand PLAY-DOH and Partner Brand JURASSIC WORLD, as well as the introduction of PLAYSKOOL FRIENDS MY LITTLE PONY, were only
slightly offset by lower net revenues from core PLAYSKOOL and TONKA products.    2014 versus 2013
   International segment net revenues grew approximately 8% in 2014 compared to 2013. International segment net revenues
included unfavorable foreign currency translation of $87.7 million (Europe — $61.2 million, Latin America — $21.5 million, Asia Pacific — $5.0 million) in 2014. Unfavorable foreign currency translation reflects the weakening of
certain foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, Russian Ruble, Brazilian Real, and other Latin American currencies compared to the U.S. dollar. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation, International segment net revenues grew 13% in 2014
compared to 2013. In 2014, net revenues grew in certain developed markets, including the United Kingdom, Italy and Spain, partially offset by lower net revenues in France. Furthermore, net revenues from emerging markets, including, but not limited
to, Russia, Brazil and China, increased 20% in 2014 compared to 2013.    Higher net revenues in 2014 from the boys’,
girls’, and preschool categories were partially offset by lower net revenues from the games category.    In the boys’
category, higher net revenues from TRANSFORMERS, MARVEL and NERF products were only partially offset by expected lower sales of BEYBLADE products. In the games category, growth in Franchise Brands, specifically MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY,
were more than offset by lower net revenues from ANGRY BIRDS, TWISTER and certain other game brands. In the girls’ category, Franchise Brands MY LITTLE PONY, NERF and PLAY-DOH contributed to growth that was only partially offset by lower net
revenues from FURBY and LITTLEST PET SHOP products. In the preschool category, higher net revenues from Franchise Brands PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS were only partially offset by lower net revenues from core PLAYSKOOL products.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Entertainment and Licensing  
 2015 versus 2014    Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 11% in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher entertainment revenues related to a multi-year digital distribution agreement for Hasbro Studios programming
as well as slightly higher net revenues from the Company’s consumer product and digital gaming licensing groups were only partially offset by lower net revenues from Backflip.  
 2014 versus 2013    Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 15% in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase in net revenues in 2014 compared to 2013 were primarily related to higher consumer products licensing
revenue, along with contributions from digital gaming and a full year of net revenues from Backflip, of which a 70% interest was acquired during the third quarter of 2013. Partially offsetting these increases was lower television programming and
film revenue. Higher royalty income included growth in TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY.    Operating
Profit    The table below illustrates operating profit and operating profit margins derived from our principal
operating segments in 2015, 2014 and 2013. For information, see Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements which are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 % Net Revenues 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
    
 % Net Revenues 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
    
 % Net Revenues 
   


 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 430.7 
    
    
   
 19.4 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
 $ 
 334.7 
    
    
   
 16.5 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 313.7 
    
    
   
 15.6 
 %  
 
   International 
    
   
 255.4 
    
    
   
 13.0 
 %  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 270.5 
    
    
   
 13.4 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 235.5 
    
    
   
 12.6 
 %  
 
   Entertainment & Licensing 
    
   
 76.9 
    
    
   
 31.4 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 60.6 
    
    
   
 27.6 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 45.5 
    
    
   
 23.8 
 %  
   U.S. and Canada  
 2015 versus 2014    U.S. and Canada segment operating profit increased 29% in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher operating profit reflects higher net revenues discussed above as well as product mix and lower intangible
amortization, partially offset by higher overheads and shipping and warehousing costs. Operating profit margin improved to 19.4% of net revenues in 2015 from 16.5% of net revenues in 2014. Improved operating profit margin reflects both revenue
volume and product mix, including lower advertising as a percentage of net revenues. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on U.S. and Canada operating profit in 2015.  
 2014 versus 2013    U.S. and Canada operating profit increased 7% in 2014 compared to 2013 and operating profit margin improved to 16.5% in 2014 from 15.6% in 2013. The improvement in operating profit and operating profit
margin was the result of higher net revenues and improved product mix, as well as lower shipping and distribution costs. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on U.S. and Canada operating profit in 2014.  
 International    2015 versus 2014    International segment operating profit
decreased 6% in 2015 compared to 2014 and included an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $46.7 million. Absent the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation, International segment operating profit grew 12%. The decline in operating
profit, as reported, is primarily due to lower net revenues, partially offset by lower advertising, shipping and warehousing, and intangible amortization. Operating profit margin decreased to 13.0% in 2015 from 13.4% in 2014. The decrease in segment
operating profit margin reflects lower net revenues and higher overhead costs, partially offset by lower advertising and shipping and warehousing costs.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2014 versus 2013  
 International segment operating profit increased 15% in 2014 compared to 2013. Operating profit for the International segment in 2014 was
impacted by approximately $18.8 million due to unfavorable foreign currency translation. Furthermore, 2014 segment operating profit includes $6.1 million of restructuring charges. Operating profit margin increased to 13.4% of segment net revenues in
2014 from 12.6% of segment net revenues in 2013. The increase in operating profit in 2014 was the result of higher net revenues and favorable product mix, partially offset by higher expense levels. The improvement in operating profit margin in 2014
is primarily due to both revenue volume and mix, along with better expense leverage from higher net revenues.  
 Entertainment and Licensing    2015 versus 2014    Entertainment and Licensing segment
operating profit increased 27% in 2015 compared to 2014 and operating profit margin increased to 31.4% of net revenues in 2015 compared to 27.6% in 2014. Higher entertainment revenues related to a multi-year digital distribution agreement
contributed to improved operating profit. Operating profit and operating profit margin also improved on lower amortization of intangibles and program production cost amortization. Lower amortization of intangibles reflects certain digital gaming
rights which became fully amortized during the second quarter of 2015 whereas lower program product cost amortization reflects a higher level of programming write downs occurring in the second half of 2014 compared to 2015. These increases were
partially offset by higher selling, distribution and administration expenses reflecting investment in expanding the global footprint of the Company’s consumer products licensing teams.  
 2014 versus 2013    Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit increased 33% in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase in operating profit is primarily due to the profit impact from higher net revenues from consumer
products licensing, partially offset by the profit impact from lower entertainment revenues. Backflip operating losses approximated $8.7 million in 2014 and were primarily due to amortization of acquired intangibles.  
 Other Segments and Corporate and eliminations  
 In the Global Operations segment, operating profit of $12.0 million in 2015 compared to $15.8 million in 2014 and $6.7 million in 2013.
   In Corporate and eliminations, operating loss of $83.0 million in 2015 compared to operating losses of $46.1 million in 2014
and $134.3 million in 2013. The 2013 operating loss includes the following charges, $46.1 million — settlement of an adverse arbitration award and $40.6 million — other product-related charges. 2013 also includes certain charges related to
the write-off of early film development costs associated with films that had not yet been moved to production.  
 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES    The Company’s operating expenses, stated as percentages of net revenues, are illustrated below for each year in the three fiscal years ended December 27, 2015:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 37.7 
 %  
   
   
 39.7 
 %  
   
   
 41.0 
 %  
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 8.5 
    
   
   
 7.1 
    
   
   
 8.3 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 5.5 
    
   
   
 5.2 
    
   
   
 5.1 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 9.2 
    
   
   
 9.8 
    
   
   
 9.8 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 1.0 
    
   
   
 1.2 
    
   
   
 1.9 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 1.0 
    
   
   
 1.1 
    
   
   
 1.2 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 21.6 
    
   
   
 20.9 
    
   
   
 21.3 
    
 
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operating expenses for 2015, 2014 and 2013 include benefits and expenses related to the
following events:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In August 2015, the Company finalized the sale of its manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland. This transaction resulted
in a benefit to selling, distribution and administration expenses of $3.1 million.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In September 2014, the Company and Discovery amended their relationship with respect to Discovery Family Channel (the “Network”). Prior to
the amendment, the Company had a license agreement with the Network that required payment of royalties by the Company to the Network based on a percentage of revenue derived from products related to television shows broadcast on the Network. This
agreement included a minimum royalty guarantee of $125.0 million, which has been paid in full. As part of the amended relationship, this earn-out period was extended to 2021 resulting in a benefit of $2.3 million to royalties for the year ended
December 28, 2014. Furthermore, this amended relationship resulted in an amendment to the Company’s tax sharing agreement with Discovery which resulted in a net expense of $0.9 million recorded to selling, distribution and administration
expense for the year ended December 28, 2014.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In February 2014, the Company settled outstanding disputes with an inventor related to the contractual interpretation of which products were subject to
payment of royalties under two license agreements between the inventor and the Company relating to the Company’s NERF and SUPER SOAKER product lines. As a result, the Company recorded a total charge of $61.1 million, of which $43.0 million and
$3.1 million were recorded to royalties and selling, distribution and administration expense, respectively, for the year ended December 29, 2013. A portion of this total charge was also recorded to interest expense which is discussed below.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company announced a multi-year cost savings initiative. This initiative included an approximate 10% workforce
reduction, facility consolidations and process improvements. The Company recognized charges totaling $5.2 million and $36.7 million for the years ended December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, respectively, primarily related to employee
severance charges, which impacted cost of sales, product development and selling, distribution and administration expenses. Furthermore, the Company also recognized pension curtailment and settlement charges in the amount of $7.0 million in selling,
distribution and administration expense during the year ended December 29, 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company decided to exit certain brands which were non-core to its franchise brand strategy. Certain of these
brands related to prior acquisitions and had intangible assets, resulting in a write-off of these intangibles of $19.7 million, which were recorded to amortization of intangibles for the year ended December 29, 2013.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2013 the Company amended its license agreement with Zynga which resulted in additional royalty expense of $20.9 million.
   In total, these (benefits) expenses were recorded to the consolidated statements of operations as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 10.2 
    
 
   Royalties 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (2.3 
 )  
    
   
 63.8 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4.1 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 19.7 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 (3.1 
 )  
    
   
 6.1 
    
    
   
 32.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (3.1 
 )  
    
   
 3.8 
    
    
   
 130.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Cost of Sales  
 Cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, manufacturing overheads and other inventory-related costs such as
obsolescence. Cost of sales decreased 1% to $1,677.0 million, or 37.7% of net revenues, for  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the year ended December 27, 2015 compared to $1,698.4 million, or 39.7% of net revenues, for the year ended December 28, 2014 despite consolidated net revenue growth of 4%. Lower cost
of sales in dollars and as a percent of net revenues reflects both product and revenue mix. Product mix reflects higher net revenues from royalty-bearing products which generally carry higher pricing and, therefore, have a lower cost of sales as a
percentage of net revenues. Generally, the lower cost of sales on royalty-bearing products may be partially offset by higher royalty expense. In 2015, the following entertainment-driven, royalty-bearing brands were supported by major theatrical
releases: JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and STAR WARS. Likewise, revenue mix reflects higher net revenue contributions from the Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment. In 2015, Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues were 5.5% of
consolidated net revenues compared to 5.1% in 2014.    In 2014, cost of sales increased in dollars from $1,672.9 million for 2013
to $1,698.4 million in 2014, but decreased as a percent of net revenues from 41.0% in 2013 to 39.7% in 2014. Absent the impact of aforementioned charges, cost of sales was $1,662.7 million, or 40.7% of net revenues, for the year ended
December 29, 2013. The cost of sales increase in dollars in 2014 compared to 2013 reflects higher net revenues. The cost of sales decrease as a percent of net revenues in 2014 compared to 2013 reflects a more favorable revenue mix and impact
from cost savings and efficiencies from the Company’s owned-manufacturing facilities partially offset by the impact on net revenues of higher sales promotions. In 2014, product mix reflects higher net revenues from royalty-bearing products
which generally carry higher pricing and, therefore, have a lower cost of sales as a percentage of net revenues, as well as higher net revenues from the high margin Entertainment and Licensing segment.  
 Royalty Expense    Royalty expense of $379.2 million, or 8.5% or net revenues, in 2015 compared to $305.3 million, or 7.1% of net revenues, in 2014 and $338.9 million, or 8.3% of net revenues, in 2013. Excluding the impact
of the arbitration award settlement and amendment of the Zynga agreement summarized above, 2013 royalty expense was $275.1 million, or 6.7% of net revenues. Fluctuations in royalty expense generally relate to the volume of entertainment-driven
products sold in a given period, especially if there is a major motion picture release. Product lines related to Hasbro-owned or controlled brands supported by entertainment generally do not incur the same level of royalty expense as licensed
properties, particularly STAR WARS and MARVEL. Higher royalty expense, in both dollars and as a percentage of net revenues, in 2015 compared to 2014 and 2013 reflect the mix of entertainment-driven product sold. In particular, higher royalty expense
in 2015 compared to 2014 reflects higher net sales of MARVEL, JURASSIC WORLD and STAR WARS products partially offset by lower net sales of TRANSFORMERS royalty-bearing movie product in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher royalty expense, in both dollars
and as a percent of net revenues, in 2014 compared to 2013 reflects the strength of the 2014 entertainment line-up compared to 2013, including higher sales of TRANSFORMERS movie products.  
 Product Development    Product development expense in 2015 totaled $242.9 million, or 5.5% of net revenues, compared to $222.6 million, or 5.2% of net revenues, in 2014. The increase in product development expense primarily
reflects development costs incurred related to the DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN license agreement. These higher expenses were not offset by related revenues as initial product shipments did not commence until late in the fourth quarter of 2015 in
preparation for the January 1, 2016 retail on-shelf date. Additionally, the Company continues to incur product development expenses related to the development of a new digital platform for MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the development of new mobile
game offerings by Backflip.    Product development expense in 2014 totaled $222.6 million, or 5.2% of net revenues, compared to
$207.6 million, or 5.1% of net revenues, in 2013. Product development expense for 2013 included restructuring charges of $4.1 million. Excluding the impact of these charges, product development expense was $203.5 million in 2013. The increases in
2014 compared to 2013 primarily reflects the addition of Backflip, as well as continued investment in certain brands, particularly MAGIC: THE GATHERING. Furthermore, during the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company began to incur development costs
related to the DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN license agreement with Disney.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advertising Expense  
 Advertising expense in 2015 totaled $409.4 million compared to $420.3 million in 2014 and $398.1 million in 2013. The level of the
Company’s advertising expense can generally be impacted by revenue mix, the amount and type of theatrical releases, and television programming. Advertising as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 9.2% in 2015 from 9.8% in 2014. The
year-over-year decrease in advertising expense reflects the mix of revenues, primarily the higher level of partner brand net revenues, as well as the increase in Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues. Entertainment-backed product lines
generally require less in advertising by the Company. Advertising expense was consistent as a percentage of net revenues in 2014 and 2013 at 9.8% of net revenues. The increase in dollars in advertising expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily
due to higher net revenues.    Amortization of Intangibles  
 Amortization of intangibles totaled $43.7 million, or 1.0% of net revenues, in 2015 compared to $52.7 million, or 1.2% of net revenues, in
2014 and $78.2 million, or 1.9% of net revenues in 2013. Lower amortization of intangibles in 2015 compared to 2014 reflects the impact of intangible assets which were fully amortized during 2014 and 2015. Amortization of intangibles in 2013
includes $19.7 million related to impairment of definite-lived intangibles based on the Company’s decision to exit the related product lines. Absent the impact of these charges, amortization of intangibles was $58.5 million, or 1.4% of net
revenues, in 2013. Lower amortization of intangibles in 2014 compared to 2013 reflects the impact of intangible assets which were fully amortized during 2013.    Program Product Cost Amortization    Program
production cost amortization totaled $42.4 million, or 1.0% of net revenues, compared to $47.1 million, or 1.1% of net revenues, in 2014 and $47.7 million, or 1.2% of net revenues, in 2013. Program production costs are capitalized as incurred and
amortized using the individual-film-forecast method. Program production cost amortization reflects the level of revenues associated with television programming as well as the type of television programs produced and distributed. The decrease in
program production cost amortization in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to a lower amount of accelerated amortization.    Selling, Distribution and Administration Expenses    Selling, distribution and administration expenses were $960.8 million, or 21.6% of net revenues, in 2015 compared to $895.5 million, or 20.9% of net revenues, in 2014. Selling, distribution and
administration expense for 2015 includes a benefit of $3.1 million related to the August 2015 sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations while 2014 includes a charge of $6.1 million related to restructuring activities, including the
Company’s equity investment in the joint venture television network. Absent these charges, selling, distribution and administration expenses increased to $963.9 million, or 21.7% of net revenues, in 2015 from $889.4 million, or 20.8% of net
revenues in 2014. Foreign exchange resulted in a decrease of $66.7 million in 2015 compared to 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and the impact of the benefits and charges discussed above, selling, distribution and administration costs
increased primarily due to higher administration, marketing and sales and distribution costs. Higher 2015 administration and sales and marketing expenses are primarily the result of higher performance-based stock compensation, investments in the
MAGIC: THE GATHERING brand, depreciation expense and other general cost increases, such as salaries and wages. Higher distribution costs reflect increased net revenues in 2015, excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  
 Selling, distribution and administration expenses increased to $895.5 million, or 20.9% of net revenues, in 2014 from $871.7 million, or
21.3% of net revenues, in 2013. Selling, distribution and administration expense in 2013 includes $32.5 million of charges related to restructuring activities, and legal costs associated with the arbitration settlement. Excluding these charges as
well as the 2014 charges discussed above, selling, distribution and administration expense increased to $889.4 million, or 20.8% of net revenues, in 2014 from $839.2 million, or 20.6% of net revenues, in 2013. Higher selling, distribution and
administration expenses in 2014 compared to  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
2013 reflects continued investment in emerging markets and certain brands, primarily MAGIC: THE GATHERING, a full year of expense related to Backflip, higher performance-based stock compensation
and increased depreciation expense associated with investments in information systems.    NON-OPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSE
   Interest Expense  
 Interest expense totaled $97.1 million in 2015 compared to $93.1 million in 2014 and $105.6 million in 2013. The increase in interest
expense in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily reflects the impact of costs related to forward-starting interest rate swap contracts on the 2014 debt issuance compared to a benefit on interest rate hedges which expired in 2014. Interest expense in 2013
included approximately $15.1 million related to the settlement of an arbitration award. Absent these charges, interest expense totaled $90.5 million in 2013. The increase in interest expense in 2014 compared to the 2013 adjusted total primarily
reflects the higher benefit of interest rate swap agreements in effect in 2013, partially offset by the benefit of lower interest rates on long-term debt.    Interest Income    Interest income was $3.1
million in 2015 compared to $3.8 million in 2014 and $4.9 million in 2013. Lower interest income in 2015 compared to 2014 reflects lower average interest rates which were only partially offset by higher average cash balances. Decreased interest
income in 2014 compared to 2013 reflects lower average cash balances. Average interest rates for 2014 and 2013 were consistent.    Other (Income) Expense, Net    Other income,
net of $6.0 million in 2015 compared to other expense, net of $6.0 million in 2014 and $14.6 million in 2013. The following table outlines major contributors to other (income) expense, net.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Foreign currency losses 
    
 $ 
 16.1 
    
    
   
 20.9 
    
    
   
 5.2 
    
 
   (Earnings) Losses from Discovery Family Channel 
    
   
 (19.0 
 )  
    
   
 (7.8 
 )  
    
   
 2.4 
    
 
   Restructuring of Discovery Family Channel 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 29.8 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Sale of Manufacturing Facilities 
    
   
 (6.6 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   (Gain) Loss on Sale of Certain Assets 
    
   
 (2.8 
 )  
    
   
 (39.4 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 6.3 
    
    
   
 2.5 
    
    
   
 7.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (6.0 
 )  
    
   
 6.0 
    
    
   
 14.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Foreign currency losses decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to higher losses in the fourth quarter of 2014 due to the rapid strengthening
of the U.S. dollar. This was also the reason 2014 losses were higher than those in 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   (Earnings) losses from joint ventures are comprised of the Company’s share in the results of the Network.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In September 2014, the Company and Discovery amended their relationship with respect to the Network. The 2014 loss consists of the Company’s share
of restructuring costs recorded by the Network, partially offset by a gain resulting from the reduction of amounts due to Discovery under a tax sharing agreement.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In August 2015, the Company finalized the sale of its manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland which resulted in the
recognition of a gain of $6.6 million in other (income) expense, net.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The 2014 gain on the sale of certain assets reflects gains of $36.0 million related to the sale of certain intellectual property license rights and
$3.4 million related to the sale of an internet domain name. The 2015 gain includes additional proceeds related to the sale of those intellectual property license rights sold during the fourth quarter of 2014.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  INCOME TAXES  
 Income tax expense totaled 26.0% of pretax earnings in 2015 compared with 23.5% in 2014 and 19.3% in 2013. Income tax expense for 2015
includes net benefits of approximately $4.0 million from discrete events, primarily related to the statute of limitations expirations of various international jurisdictions. Income tax expense for 2014 includes net benefits of approximately $20.0
million from discrete tax events, primarily related to the effective settlement of certain open tax years in the United States and settlement of tax examinations in certain jurisdictions, including Mexico. Income tax expense for 2013 includes net
benefits of approximately $30.0 million from discrete tax events, primarily related to the settlement of various tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions, including the United States. Absent these items, potential interest and penalties related to
uncertain tax positions recorded in 2015, 2014 and 2013, and the impact of the 2013 charges related to restructuring activities, exit from certain product lines and settlement of an unfavorable arbitration award, the effective tax rates would have
been 26.4%, 26.5% and 25.8%, respectively. The increase in the adjusted tax rate from 2013 to 2014 and decrease from 2014 to 2015 primarily reflect the change in the geographic mix of where the company earned its profits.  
 OTHER INFORMATION    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) . This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 605 — Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification. This new guidance provides a five-step model for analyzing contracts and transactions to determine
when, how and if revenue is recognized. Revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. This ASU is now effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, and may be adopted early but not before December 15, 2016. The Company is evaluating the
requirements of ASU 2014-09 and its potential impact on the Company’s financial statements and does not presently believe the adoption of this new standard will have a material impact on the Company’s results or financial statements.
   In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest — Imputation of Interest (ASC 835-30),  which
simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs. ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs related to long-term debt to be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction to the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with the
presentation of discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, and is eligible for early adoption. The Company elected early adoption and deferred debt
costs are presented as a reduction of long-term debt. Those balances presented for comparable periods have been reclassified to reflect this change in accounting principle.    In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07,  Fair Value Measurement — Disclosure for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value Per Share (or its Equivalent) , which
simplifies the presentation of the fair value hierarchy by removing the requirement to include those investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. ASU 2015-07 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe that the change in disclosure requirement will have a material impact on the
Company’s results or financial statements.    In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (ASC
740),  which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement to bifurcate deferred income tax assets and liabilities between current and non-current. Under ASU 2015-17, deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are required to be classified as non-current. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and is eligible for early adoption. The Company elected early adoption and deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are presented as non-current in the consolidated balance sheets. Those balances presented for comparable periods have been reclassified to reflect this change in accounting principle.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  
 The Company has historically generated a significant amount of cash from operations. In 2015 the Company funded its operations and
liquidity needs primarily through cash flows from operations, and, when needed, using borrowings under its available lines of credit and its commercial paper program. During 2016, the Company expects to continue to fund its working capital needs
primarily through cash flows from operations and, when needed, by issuing commercial paper or borrowing under its revolving credit agreement. In the event that the Company is not able to issue commercial paper, the Company intends to utilize its
available lines of credit. The Company believes that the funds available to it, including cash expected to be generated from operations and funds available through its commercial paper program or its available lines of credit are adequate to meet
its working capital needs for 2016, however, unexpected events or circumstances such as material operating losses or increased capital or other expenditures, or inability to otherwise access the commercial paper market, may reduce or eliminate the
availability of external financial resources. In addition, significant disruptions to credit markets may also reduce or eliminate the availability of external financial resources. Although the Company believes the risk of nonperformance by the
counterparties to its financial facilities is not significant, in times of severe economic downturn in the credit markets it is possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to the Company.
   In May 2014, the Company issued $600.0 million in long-term debt consisting of $300.0 million in 3.15% Notes Due 2021 and
$300.0 million in 5.10% Notes Due 2044 (collectively, the “Notes”). The Company may redeem the Notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the Notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments using the
effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at the time of repurchase. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were used, primarily, to repay $425.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6.125% Notes Due 2014 upon maturity,
including accrued and unpaid interest. The remaining net proceeds were utilized for general corporate and working capital purposes.    As of December 27, 2015, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $976.8 million, substantially all of which is held by international subsidiaries. Deferred income taxes have not been
provided on the majority of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries as such earnings are indefinitely reinvested by the Company. Accordingly, such international cash balances are not available to fund cash requirements in the United
States unless the Company changes its reinvestment policy. The Company has sufficient sources of cash in the United States to fund cash requirements without the need to repatriate any funds. If the Company changes its policy of permanently
reinvesting international earnings, it would be required to accrue for any additional income taxes representing the difference between the tax rates in the United States and the applicable tax rates of the international subsidiaries. If the Company
repatriated the funds from its international subsidiaries, it would then be required to pay the additional U.S. income tax. The majority of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United States as of December 27, 2015
is denominated in the U.S. dollar.    In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Hasbro generated $552.4 million, $454.4 million and $401.1 million
of cash from its operating activities, respectively. Operating cash flows in 2015, 2014 and 2013 included $42.5 million, $31.4 million and $41.3 million, respectively, of cash used for television program and film production. Cash from operations in
2013 includes a final long-term royalty advance payment of $25.0 million made to Discovery Family Channel.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below outlines key financial information pertaining to our consolidated balance
sheets including the year-over-year changes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents, net of short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 812.2 
    
    
   
 27 
 %  
   
 $ 
 640.7 
    
    
   
 -5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 674.1 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 1,217.9 
    
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 1,094.7 
    
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 1,093.6 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 384.5 
    
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 339.6 
    
    
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 348.8 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 286.5 
    
    
   
 -9 
 %  
   
   
 316.1 
    
    
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 268.4 
    
 
   Goodwill and other intangibles 
    
   
 873.5 
    
    
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 918.0 
    
    
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 970.3 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 744.1 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 719.1 
    
    
   
 -9 
 %  
   
   
 793.4 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 900.1 
    
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 819.2 
    
    
   
 -12 
 %  
   
   
 926.4 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 404.9 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 392.2 
    
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 351.3 
    
   Accounts receivable, net increased 11% in 2015 compared to 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign currency
translation, accounts receivable, net, increased 23% reflecting revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2015, excluding unfavorable foreign currency translation, of 23% compared to 2014. Days sales outstanding decreased to 75 days at
December 27, 2015 from 76 days at December 28, 2014. Accounts receivable, net was flat in 2014 compared to 2013. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, accounts receivable, net increased 10% in 2014 compared to 2013,
reflecting 7% revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2014, excluding unfavorable foreign currency translation, compared to 2013. Days sales outstanding decreased to 76 days at December 28, 2014 from 77 days at December 29, 2013.
   Inventories increased 13% at the end of 2015 compared to 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation,
inventories increased 24% in 2015 compared to 2014. The increase in inventories, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, is primarily due to higher levels in the United States and Europe in support of 2016 initiatives and growth in the business.
Inventories declined by 3% in 2014 compared to 2013, however, grew 8% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Inventory in the International segment increased approximately 32% absent foreign currency translation reflecting growth in the
International segment, including emerging markets. Higher inventories in the International segment were partially offset by lower inventories in the U.S. and Canada segment, which declined 23%.  
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased 9% in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher balances related to favorable foreign currency
hedge contracts and amounts due from Cartamundi related to the sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations were more than offset by lower royalty advances and non-income based tax receivables, primarily valued added taxes in Europe. Prepaid
expenses and other current assets increased approximately 18% in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to higher favorable balances related to foreign currency hedging contracts and increased prepaid income taxes. These increases were only partially
offset by lower prepaid royalties, primarily related to MARVEL.    Goodwill and other intangible assets, net decreased to $873.5
million at December 27, 2015 from $918.0 million at December 28, 2014 and $970.3 million at December 29, 2013. The decrease in each period was due to amortization of intangible assets.  
 Other assets increased 3% in 2015 compared to 2014. The increase primarily reflects long-term amounts due from Cartamundi related to the
sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations as well as higher long-term receivables related to multi-year television distribution agreements. These increases were partially offset by lower long-term royalty advances. Other assets decreased
approximately 9% in 2014 compared to 2013. This decrease primarily relates to the partial sale of the Company’s investment in the Network and, to a lesser extent, lower long-term prepaid royalties which have been reclassified from non-current
to current or have been earned. These decreases were partially offset by higher favorable balances related to foreign currency hedging contracts.    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased 10% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to higher accrued royalties for licensed properties reflecting 2015’s stronger entertainment line-up
compared to 2014 as well as higher accrued performance-based compensation reflecting the Company’s overall performance. These  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
increases were partially offset by lower accrued advertising. Accounts payable and accrued expenses decreased approximately 12% in 2014 compared to 2013. The decrease was primarily due to lower
accrued royalties and accrued interest, primarily resulting from the payment of amounts accrued at the end of 2013 related to the settlement of an adverse arbitration award as well as lower accrued severance due to scheduled payments.  
 Other liabilities increased 3% in 2015 compared to 2014. The increase primarily reflects higher uncertain tax positions partially offset
by a reduction in pension liabilities reflecting changes in actuarial assumptions, primarily due to higher discount rates. Other liabilities increased 12% in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase reflects higher pension liabilities primarily due to
changes in actuarial assumptions, including lower discount rates and updated mortality tables. In addition, the amended relationship between the Company and Discovery resulted in a net increase to other liabilities of approximately $10.7 million
reflecting the fair value of an option agreement related to the Company’s equity interest in the Network, partially offset by a reduction in the amounts due to Discovery related to a tax sharing agreement. These increases were partially offset
by lower liabilities related to uncertain tax positions reflecting the settlement of tax examinations in 2014 primarily related to the United States and Mexico. In connection with the settlement of tax assessments and years subject to audit from
2000 through 2013 in Mexico, the Company paid approximately $65.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2014.    Cash flows
utilized by investing activities were $103.6 million, $0.5 million and $217.7 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Additions to property, plant and equipment increased in 2015 to $142.0 million from $113.4 million and $112.0 in 2014 and
2013, respectively. Of these additions, 54% in 2015, 60% in 2014 and 51% in 2013 were for purchases of tools, dies and molds related to the Company’s products. Absent the Company’s investment in tools, dies and molds, higher capital
expenditures reflect the Company’s investment in information systems. In 2016, the Company expects capital expenditures to be in the range of $130.0 million to $160.0 million. During the three years ended December 27, 2015, the
depreciation of plant and equipment was $111.6 million, $105.3 million and $102.8 million, respectively. Fluctuations in depreciation of plant and equipment correlate with the percentage of additions to property, plant and equipment relating to
tools, dies and molds which have shorter useful lives and accelerated depreciation. Excluding capital expenditures, 2015 proceeds from investing activities reflects $18.6 million related to the sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations and
$20.7 million in capital and tax distributions from Discovery Family Channel. The 2014 utilization is almost wholly offset by $64.4 million of cash received from Discovery from the partial sale of the Company’s equity interest in the Network
and $36.0 million of cash received from the sale of certain intellectual property licensing rights which was included in other investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The higher utilization in 2013 reflects the
Company’s acquisition of a majority stake in Backflip for $110.0 million, net of cash acquired, as well as a payment related to an existing intellectual property.    The Company commits to inventory production, advertising and marketing expenditures prior to the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. Accounts receivable increase during the third and fourth quarter
as customers increase their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in their holiday selling season. Due to the concentrated timeframe of this selling period, payments for these accounts receivable are generally not due until the fourth quarter
or early in the first quarter of the subsequent year. This timing difference between expenditures and cash collections on accounts receivable makes it necessary for the Company to borrow higher amounts during the latter part of the year. During
2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company primarily used cash from operations and borrowings under its commercial paper program and available lines of credit.    The Company has an agreement with a group of banks which provides for a commercial paper program (the “Program”). Under the Program, at the request of the Company and subject to market
conditions, the banks may either purchase from the Company, or arrange for the sale by the Company, of unsecured commercial paper notes. The Company may issue notes from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time
of $700.0 million. The maturities of the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. The notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and are issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, sold at par and bear varying interest
rates based on a fixed or floating rate basis. The interest rates vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. Borrowings under the Program are supported by the
Company’s $700.0 million revolving credit agreement. At December 27, 2015, the Company had $160.0 million in borrowings outstanding related to the Program.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company has a revolving credit agreement (the “Agreement”) which provides the
Company with a $700.0 million committed borrowing facility. The Agreement contains certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility, including with
respect to liens, mergers and incurrence of indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants in the Agreement as of and for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015. The Company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed
revolving credit facility at December 27, 2015. However, letters of credit outstanding under this facility as of December 27, 2015 were approximately $0.8 million. Amounts available and unused under the committed line at December 27,
2015 were approximately $539.2 million, inclusive of borrowings under the Company’s commercial paper program. The Company also has other uncommitted lines from various banks, of which approximately $28.3 million was utilized at
December 27, 2015. Of the amount utilized under, or supported by, the uncommitted lines, approximately $4.6 million and $23.7 million represent outstanding short-term borrowings and letters of credit, respectively.  
 Net cash utilized by financing activities was $346.5 million, $231.0 million and $341.0 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The
2014 utilization includes net proceeds from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt totaling $135.0 million. In 2014, the Company issued an aggregate $600.0 million in long-term notes which were partially utilized to re-pay the $425.0 million
in long-term notes due in May 2014. Of the amounts utilized in 2015, 2014 and 2013, $87.2 million, $459.6 million and $103.5 million, respectively, reflects cash paid, including transaction costs, to repurchase the Company’s common stock,
respectively. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company repurchased 1.2 million, 8.5 million and 2.3 million shares, respectively, at an average price of $68.01, $54.26 and $45.17. At December 27, 2015, $479.3 million remained
under outstanding Board authorizations. Dividends paid were $225.8 million in 2015 compared to $216.9 million in 2014 and $156.1 million in 2013. Dividends paid in 2013 includes only three quarterly payments resulting from a decision by the
Company’s Board to accelerate the payment of the dividend declared in December 2012, which historically would have been paid in February 2013, to December 2012. This acceleration resulted in one less quarterly dividend paid in 2013. Further,
the Company has increased its quarterly dividend rate from $0.40 in 2013 to $0.43 in 2014 and $0.46 in 2015. Proceeds from short-term borrowings of $246.1 million in 2014 compared to repayments of short-term borrowings of $87.3 million in 2015 and
$215.3 million in 2013. The Company generated cash from employee stock option transactions of $57.6 million, $71.4 million and $140.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 For the $350.0 million in notes due in 2017 which bear interest at 6.30%, interest rates may be adjusted upward in the event that the
Company’s credit rating from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings is reduced to Ba1, BB+, or BB+, respectively, or below. At December 27, 2015, the Company’s ratings
from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings were Baa2, BBB and BBB+, respectively. The interest rate adjustment is dependent on the degree of decrease of the Company’s ratings
and could range from 0.25% to a maximum of 2.00%. The Company may redeem the notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted using the effective interest
rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at the time of repurchase.    Including the notes described above, the Company has
principal amounts of long-term debt at December 27, 2015 of approximately $1,559.9 million due at varying times from 2017 through 2044. The Company also had letters of credit and other similar instruments of $27.9 million and 2016 purchase
commitments of $518.5 million outstanding at December 27, 2015. In addition, the Company expects to be committed to guaranteed royalty payments of approximately $83.6 million in 2016, including $40.0 million contingent on theatrical movie
releases.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES  
 The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. As such, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods presented. The significant accounting policies which management believes are the most critical to aid in fully
understanding and evaluating the Company’s reported financial results include sales allowances, program production costs, recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets, recoverability of royalty advances and commitments, pension costs and
obligations and income taxes.    Sales Allowances  
 Sales allowances for customer promotions, discounts and returns are recorded as a reduction of revenue when the related revenue is
recognized. Revenue from product sales is recognized upon passing of title to the customer, generally at the time of shipment. Revenue from product sales, less related sales allowances along with license fees and royalty revenue comprise net
revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company routinely commits to promotional sales allowance programs with customers. These allowances primarily relate to fixed programs, which the customer earns based on purchases of Company
products during the year. Discounts and allowances are recorded as a reduction of related revenue at the time of sale. While many of the allowances are based on fixed amounts, certain of the allowances, such as the returns allowance, are based on
market data, historical trends and information from customers and are therefore subject to estimation.    For its allowance
programs that are not fixed, such as returns, the Company estimates these amounts using a combination of historical experience and current market conditions. These estimates are reviewed periodically against actual results and any adjustments are
recorded at that time as an increase or decrease to net revenues. During 2015, there were no material adjustments to the Company’s estimates made in prior years.    Program Production Costs    The Company incurs
certain costs in connection with the production of television programs and films based primarily on the Company’s toy and game brands. These costs are capitalized as they are incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method,
whereby these costs are amortized in the proportion that the current year’s revenues bear to management’s estimate of total ultimate revenues as of the beginning of each fiscal year related to the program. These capitalized costs are
reported at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value, and reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances occurs that indicates that impairment may exist. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash
flow model which is primarily based on management’s future revenue and cost estimates.    The most significant estimates are
those used in the determination of ultimate revenue in the individual-film-forecast method. Ultimate revenue estimates impact the timing of program production cost amortization in the consolidated statements of operations. Ultimate revenue includes
revenue from all sources that are estimated to be earned related to the film or television program and include toy, game and other consumer product licensing fees; first run program distribution fees; and other revenue sources, such as DVD and
digital distribution. Our ultimate revenue estimates for each film or television program are developed based on our estimates of expected future results. We review and revise these estimates at each reporting date to reflect the most current
available information. When estimates for a film or television program are revised, the difference between the program production cost amortization determined using the revised estimate and any amounts previously expensed during that fiscal year,
are included as an adjustment to program production cost amortization in the consolidated statements of operations in the quarter in which the estimates are revised. Prior period amounts are not adjusted for subsequent changes in estimates. Factors
that can impact our revenue estimates include the success and popularity of our films and television programs in the U.S. which are primarily distributed on Discovery Family Channel, globally to other broadcasters and available on Netflix and
iTunes, and success of our program-related toy, game and other merchandise.    For the year ended December 27, 2015 we have
$75.5 million of program production and film costs included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. We currently expect that a significant portion of capitalized program production costs will be amortized over the 3-year period 2016
through 2018. Future program production cost amortization is subject to change based on actual costs incurred and management’s then  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
current estimates of ultimate revenues. During 2014 and 2013 the Company recorded accelerated amortization on certain television programming based on revised ultimate expected revenues.
   Recoverability of Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
 Goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are tested for impairment at least annually. If an event occurs or
circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company will perform an interim test at that time. The Company may perform a qualitative assessment and bypass the quantitative two-step impairment process if it
is not more likely than not that impairment exists.    Performing a qualitative assessment of goodwill requires a high degree of
judgment regarding assumptions underlying the valuation. Qualitative factors and their impact on critical inputs are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If
it is more likely than not that impairment exists, the quantitative two-step goodwill impairment test is performed. When performing the quantitative two-step impairment test, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for
impairment by comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value which is calculated using an income approach. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company performed a qualitative assessment with respect to certain of its reporting units
with goodwill totaling $473.6 million. The Company utilized this approach for all reporting units with the exception of Backflip based on the amount by which historical estimated reporting unit fair values exceeded carrying values. Based on its
qualitative assessment, the Company concluded that there was no impairment of this goodwill during 2015. The Company has $119.1 million of goodwill related to its 2013 acquisition of Backflip, which represents a separate reporting unit. The
Company’s strategy when it purchased its interest in Backflip was to produce game titles based on Backflip’s DRAGONVALE brand and to develop and market games based on Hasbro brands. Because Backflip was a recent acquisition and to date has
been investment spending in anticipation of 2016 game releases, the Company performed the quantitative two-step impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2015 for this reporting unit. The impairment test utilized cash flows expected to be
generated from mobile gaming offerings, including 2016 releases based on Backflip’s DRAGONVALE brand, as well as several Hasbro branded-game titles. The underlying cash flows are based on long-term financial plans for Backflip, which include
projections for growth in revenues and profitability. The Company used a discount rate commensurate with the digital gaming industry. Based on the results of the impairment test, the Company concluded that there was no impairment as the estimated
fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. The fair value would have to decline by 20% in order for this asset to be impaired. Should Backflip not achieve its profitability and growth targets, including the anticipated game
releases in 2016, or if industry discount rates significantly increase, the carrying value of this reporting unit may become impaired.    The Company also performed quantitative annual impairment tests related to intangible assets totaling $75.7 million with indefinite lives in the fourth quarter of 2015 and no impairments were indicated as
the estimated fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values of the related assets.    The estimation of future
cash flows utilized in the evaluation of the Company’s goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles requires significant judgments and estimates with respect to future revenues related to the respective asset and the future cash outlays related to
those revenues. Actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in anticipated revenues and related cash flows could result in a change in this assessment and result in an impairment charge. The estimation of discounted cash flows also requires
the selection of an appropriate discount rate. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted cash flows and could increase or decrease the related impairment charge.  
 Intangible assets, other than those with indefinite lives, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for
indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the value of these intangible assets is measured by a comparison of the assets’ carrying value to the
estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets were considered to be impaired, the impairment would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair value based on
estimated future discounted cash flows. The  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
estimation of future cash flows requires significant judgments and estimates with respect to future revenues related to the respective assets and the future cash outlays related to those
revenues. Actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in anticipated revenues and related cash flows could result in a change in this assessment and result in an impairment charge. The estimation of discounted cash flows also requires the
selection of an appropriate discount rate. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted cash flows and could increase or decrease the related impairment charge. Intangible assets covered under this policy were
$205.1 million at December 27, 2015. During 2015, there were no impairment charges related to these intangible assets.    Recoverability of Royalty Advances and Commitments    The Company’s ability to earn-out royalty advances and contractual obligations with respect to minimum guaranteed royalties is assessed by comparing the remaining minimum guaranty to the estimated
future sales forecasts and related cash flow projections to be derived from the related product. If sales forecasts and related cash flows from the particular product do not support the recoverability of the remaining minimum guaranty or, if the
Company decides to discontinue a product line with royalty advances or commitments, a charge to royalty expense to write-off the non-recoverable minimum guaranty is required. The preparation of revenue forecasts and related cash flows for these
products requires judgments and estimates. Actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in the assessment of anticipated revenues and cash flows related to these products could result in a change to the assessment of recoverability of remaining
minimum guaranteed royalties. At December 27, 2015, the Company had $124.3 million of prepaid royalties, $47.5 million of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $76.8 million of which are included in other assets.
During 2015 there were no significant charges related to this policy.    Pension Costs and Obligations
   Pension expense is based on actuarial computations of current and future benefits using estimates for expected
return on assets and applicable discount rates. At the end of 2007 the Company froze benefits under its two largest pension plans in the U.S., with no future benefits accruing to employees. During 2015 the Company froze benefits under its other
funded U.S. pension plan. The Company will continue to pay benefits under the plans consistent with the provisions existing at the date of the plan benefit freeze. The Company uses its fiscal year-end date as its measurement date to measure the
liabilities and assets of the plans and to establish the expense for the upcoming year.    The Company estimates expected return
on assets using a weighted average rate based on historical market data for the investment classes of assets held by the plan, the allocation of plan assets among those investment classes, and the current economic environment. Based on this
information, the Company’s estimate of expected return on plan assets used in the calculation of 2015 pension expense for the U.S. plans was 7.00%. A decrease in the estimate used for expected return on plan assets would increase pension
expense, while an increase in this estimate would decrease pension expense. A decrease of 0.25% in the estimate of expected return on plan assets would have increased 2015 pension expense for U.S. plans by approximately $0.7 million.  
 Discount rates are selected based upon rates of return at the measurement date on high quality corporate bond investments currently
available and expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension benefits. The Company’s weighted average discount rate for its U.S. plans used for the calculation of 2015 pension expense was 4.19%. A decrease in the discount
rate would result in greater pension expense while an increase in the discount rate would decrease pension expense. A decrease of 0.25% in the Company’s discount rate would have increased 2015 pension expense by approximately $0.5 million.
   Actual results that differ from the actuarial assumptions are accumulated and, if outside a certain corridor, amortized over
future periods and, therefore affect recognized expense in future periods. At December 27, 2015, the Company’s U.S. plans had unrecognized actuarial losses of $120.5 million included in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to its
defined benefit pension plans compared to $124.0 million at December 28, 2014. The discount rate used to calculate the projected benefit obligation at December 27, 2015 increased to  

      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
4.58% from 4.19% used at December 28, 2014. A decrease of 0.25% in the Company’s discount rate would have increased the 2015 projected benefit obligation by approximately $10.9 million.
Pension plan assets are valued on the basis of their fair market value on the measurement date. These changes in the fair market value of plan assets impact the amount of future pension expense due to amortization of the unrecognized actuarial
losses or gains.    Income Taxes  
 The Company’s annual income tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates, changes in prior tax positions and tax planning
opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgment and estimates are required to determine the Company’s annual tax rate and evaluates its tax positions. Despite the Company’s belief that its
tax return positions are fully supportable, these positions are subject to challenge and estimated liabilities are established in the event that these positions are challenged and the Company is not successful in defending these challenges. These
estimated liabilities, as well as the related interest, are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances such as the progress of a tax audit.    An estimated effective income tax rate is applied to the Company’s interim results. In the event there is a significant unusual or extraordinary item recognized in the Company’s interim results,
the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded at the time. In addition, changes in judgment regarding likely outcomes related to tax positions taken in a prior fiscal year, or tax costs or benefits from a resolution of such
positions would be recorded entirely in the interim period the judgment changes or resolution occurs. During 2014, the Company recorded a net benefit of approximately $20.0 million associated with discrete tax events, primarily related to the
completion of U.S. and Mexico tax examinations as well as certain other U.S. and foreign prior period tax adjustments. During 2014 the Company paid approximately $65.0 million to settle tax assessments and years subject to audit from 2000 through
2013 in Mexico. The Company incurred additional tax expense in 2014 of $6.9 million related to this settlement.    In certain
cases, tax law requires items to be included in the Company’s income tax returns at a different time than when these items are recognized on the consolidated financial statements or at a different amount than that which is recognized on the
consolidated financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible on the Company’s tax returns, while other differences are temporary and will reverse over time, such as depreciation expense.
These differences that will reverse over time are recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred tax assets represent deductions that have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements but have
not yet been reflected in the Company’s income tax returns. Valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets to the extent that it is determined that the Company will have insufficient future taxable income, including capital
gains, to fully realize the future deductions or capital losses. Deferred tax liabilities represent expenses recognized on the Company’s income tax return that have not yet been recognized in the Company’s consolidated financial statements
or income recognized in the consolidated financial statements that has not yet been recognized in the Company’s income tax return. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on most of the undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries
as most of such earnings are indefinitely reinvested by the Company. In the event the Company determines that such earnings will not be indefinitely reinvested, it would be required to accrue for any additional income taxes representing the
difference between the tax rates in the United States and the applicable tax rates of the international subsidiaries. At December 27, 2015, the difference between the tax in the United States and the applicable tax of the international
subsidiaries on cumulative undistributed earnings was approximately $548.0 million.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  
 In the normal course of its business, the Company enters into contracts related to obtaining rights to produce product under license,
which may require the payment of minimum guarantees, as well as contracts related to the leasing of facilities and equipment. In addition, the Company has $1,559.9 million in principal amount of long-term debt outstanding at December 27, 2015.
Future payments required under these and other obligations as of December 27, 2015 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments due by Fiscal Year 
   
 
   Certain Contractual Obligations 
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 350.0 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,209.9 
    
    
   
 1,559.9 
    
 
   Interest payments on long-term debt 
    
   
 85.8 
    
    
   
 85.8 
    
    
   
 63.8 
    
    
   
 63.8 
    
    
   
 63.8 
    
    
   
 1,041.4 
    
    
   
 1,404.4 
    
 
   Operating lease commitments 
    
   
 32.8 
    
    
   
 26.7 
    
    
   
 24.3 
    
    
   
 21.6 
    
    
   
 12.9 
    
    
   
 15.5 
    
    
   
 133.8 
    
 
   Future minimum guaranteed contractual royalty payments 
    
   
 43.6 
    
    
   
 64.6 
    
    
   
 62.3 
    
    
   
 56.2 
    
    
   
 16.7 
    
    
   
 13.0 
    
    
   
 256.4 
    
 
   Tax sharing agreement a 
    
   
 6.4 
    
    
   
 6.7 
    
    
   
 7.0 
    
    
   
 7.6 
    
    
   
 8.0 
    
    
   
 49.1 
    
    
   
 84.8 
    
 
   Purchase commitments b 
    
   
 518.5 
    
    
   
 113.4 
    
    
   
 107.3 
    
    
   
 101.2 
    
    
   
 80.1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 920.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 687.1 
    
    
   
 647.2 
    
    
   
 264.7 
    
    
   
 250.4 
    
    
   
 181.5 
    
    
   
 2,328.9 
    
    
   
 4,359.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 a   
   In connection with the Company’s agreement to form a joint venture with Discovery, the Company is obligated to make future payments to Discovery
under a tax sharing agreement. These payments are contingent upon the Company having sufficient taxable income to realize the expected tax deductions of certain amounts related to the joint venture. Accordingly, estimates of these amounts are
included in the table above.  
 
 
 b   
   Purchase commitments represent agreements (including open purchase orders) to purchase inventory and tooling in the ordinary course of business as well
as purchase commitments under a manufacturing agreement. The reported amounts exclude inventory and tooling purchase liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 27, 2015.
   Theatrical Contingencies  
 The table above excludes up to $70.0 million in guaranteed royalties related to the Company’s license agreement related to MARVEL as
such amounts are contingent on the quantity and type of theatrical movie releases and may be payable during the next six years. The Company expects to pay approximately $40.0 million of these additional royalties in 2016 based on expected qualifying
theatrical releases.    The table above also excludes $100.0 million in guaranteed royalties related to the Company’s
license agreement related to STAR WARS as the amount and timing of such payments are due in accordance with the anticipated releases of new STAR WARS theatrical releases in 2017 and beyond.  
 Other Expected Future Payments  
 From time to time, the Company may be party to arrangements, contractual or otherwise, whereby the Company may not be able to estimate the
ultimate timing or amount of the related payments. As such, these amounts have been excluded from the table above and described below.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company holds a 70% stake in Backflip and may be required to purchase the remaining 30% in the future contingent on the achievement by Backflip of
certain predetermined financial performance metrics. The Company does not know the ultimate timing of when these predetermined financial performance metrics may be met and, therefore, cannot currently estimate the purchase price of the remaining
30%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at December 27, 2015, the Company has a liability of $68.3 million of potential
tax, interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in various income tax returns. The Company does not know the ultimate
 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
resolution of these uncertain tax positions and as such, does not know the ultimate amount or timing of payments related to this liability.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company expects to make contributions totaling approximately $3.6 million related to its unfunded U.S. and other International pension plans in
2016.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   At December 27, 2015, the Company had letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $24.5 million.  
 The Company believes that cash from operations and funds available through its commercial paper program or lines of credit will allow the
Company to meet these and other obligations described above.    Financial Risk Management  
 The Company is exposed to market risks attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as the result of sourcing
products priced in U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars while marketing and selling those products in more than twenty currencies. Results of operations may be affected primarily by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar, Euro,
British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, Russian ruble and Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, other currencies in Latin American and Asia Pacific countries.    To manage this exposure, the Company has hedged a portion of its forecasted foreign currency transactions using foreign exchange forward contracts. The Company estimates that a hypothetical immediate 10%
depreciation of the U.S. dollar against all foreign currencies included in these foreign exchange forward contracts could result in an approximate $124.6 million decrease in the fair value of these instruments. A decrease in the fair value of these
instruments would be substantially offset by decreases in the value of the forecasted foreign currency transactions.    The
Company is also exposed to foreign currency risk with respect to its net cash and cash equivalents or short-term borrowing positions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company believes, however, that the on-going risk on the net exposure
should not be material to its financial condition. In addition, the Company’s revenues and costs have been and will likely continue to be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. A significant change in foreign exchange rates can
materially impact the Company’s revenues and earnings due to translation of foreign-denominated revenues and expenses. The Company does not hedge against translation impacts of foreign exchange. From time to time, affiliates of the Company may
make or receive intercompany loans in currencies other than their functional currency. The Company manages this exposure at the time the loan is made by using foreign exchange contracts.  
 The Company reflects all derivatives at their fair value as an asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not
speculate in foreign currency exchange contracts. At December 27, 2015, these contracts had net unrealized gains of $106.4 million, of which $73.0 million are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, $34.7 million are recorded in
other assets, ($1.1) million are recorded in accrued liabilities and ($0.2) million are recorded to other liabilities. Included in accumulated other comprehensive earnings at December 27, 2015 are deferred gains of $98.7 million, net of tax,
related to these derivatives.    At December 27, 2015, the Company had fixed rate long-term debt of $1,559.9 million. Of
this long-term debt, $600.0 million represents the aggregate issuance of long-term debt in May 2014 which consists of $300.0 million of 3.15% Notes Due 2021 and $300.0 million of 5.10% Notes Due 2044. Prior to the May 2014 debt issuance, the Company
entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with a total notional value of $500.0 million to hedge the anticipated underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate. These interest rate swaps were matched with this debt issuance and were
designated and effective as hedges of the change in future interest payments. At the date of issuance, the Company terminated these swap agreements and their fair value at the date of issuance was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and
is being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations using an effective interest rate method over the life of the related debt. Included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 27, 2015 are deferred losses, net of
tax, of $19.4 million related to these derivatives.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Economy and Inflation  
 The principal market for the Company’s products is the retail sector. Revenues from the Company’s top five customers, all
retailers, accounted for approximately 39% of its consolidated net revenues in 2015 and 38% and 39% of its consolidated net revenues in 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and adjusts credit
policies and limits as it deems appropriate.    The Company’s revenue pattern continues to show the second half of the year
to be more significant to its overall business for the full year. In 2015, approximately 66% of the Company’s full year net revenues were recognized in the second half of the year. The Company expects that this concentration will continue. The
concentration of sales in the second half of the year increases the risk of (a) underproduction of popular items, (b) overproduction of less popular items, and (c) failure to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules. The
business of the Company is characterized by customer order patterns which vary from year to year largely because of differences in the degree of consumer acceptance of a product line, product availability, marketing strategies, inventory levels,
policies of retailers and differences in overall economic conditions. Larger retailers generally maintain lower inventories throughout the year and purchase a greater percentage of product within or close to the fourth quarter holiday consumer
buying season, which includes Christmas.    Quick response inventory management practices being used by retailers result in
orders increasingly placed for immediate delivery and fewer orders placed well in advance of shipment. Retailers are timing their orders so that they are filled by suppliers closer to the time of purchase by consumers. To the extent that retailers
do not sell as much of their year-end inventory purchases during this holiday selling season as they had anticipated, their demand for additional product earlier in the following fiscal year may be curtailed, thus negatively impacting the
Company’s future revenues. In addition, the bankruptcy or other lack of success of one of the Company’s significant retailers could negatively impact the Company’s future revenues.  
 The effect of inflation on the Company’s operations during 2015 was not significant and the Company will continue its practice of
monitoring costs and adjusting prices, accordingly.    Other Information  
 The Company is not aware of any material amounts of potential exposure relating to environmental matters and does not believe its
environmental compliance costs or liabilities to be material to its operating results or financial position.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
 The information required by this item is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8 . 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    The Board of Directors and
Shareholders    Hasbro, Inc.:    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows, and shareholders’ equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests for each of the fiscal years in the  three-year  period ended December 27, 2015. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the
 three-year  period ended December 27, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Hasbro, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 27, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 24, 2016
expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.    /s/ KPMG LLP    Providence, Rhode Island    February 24, 2016  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets    December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014    (Thousands of Dollars
Except Share Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
   Current assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 976,750 
    
   
   
 893,167 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $14,900 in 2015 and $15,900 in 2014 
    
   
 1,217,850 
    
   
   
 1,094,673 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 384,492 
    
   
   
 339,572 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 286,506 
    
   
   
 316,093 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 2,865,598 
    
   
   
 2,643,505 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 237,527 
    
   
   
 237,489 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 592,695 
    
   
   
 593,438 
    
 
   Other intangibles, net 
    
   
 280,807 
    
   
   
 324,528 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 744,090 
    
   
   
 719,140 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
   
 1,617,592 
    
   
   
 1,637,106 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 4,720,717 
    
   
   
 4,518,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
     
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 164,563 
    
   
   
 252,481 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 241,210 
    
   
   
 212,549 
    
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 658,874 
    
   
   
 606,654 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 1,064,647 
    
   
   
 1,071,684 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 1,547,115 
    
   
   
 1,545,853 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 404,883 
    
   
   
 392,169 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,016,645 
    
   
   
 3,009,706 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 40,170 
    
   
   
 42,730 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preference stock of $2.50 par value. Authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Common stock of $0.50 par value. Authorized 600,000,000 shares; issued 209,694,630 shares in 2015 and 2014 
    
   
 104,847 
    
   
   
 104,847 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 893,630 
    
   
   
 806,265 
    
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,852,321 
    
   
   
 3,630,072 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (146,001 
 )  
   
   
 (95,454 
 )  
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 84,899,200 shares in 2015 and 85,168,478 shares in 2014 
    
   
 (3,040,895 
 )  
   
   
 (2,980,066 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 1,663,902 
    
   
   
 1,465,664 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 4,720,717 
    
   
   
 4,518,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars Except Per Share
Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,447,509 
    
   
   
 4,277,207 
    
   
   
 4,082,157 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Costs and expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,677,033 
    
   
   
 1,698,372 
    
   
   
 1,672,901 
    
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 379,245 
    
   
   
 305,317 
    
   
   
 338,919 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 242,944 
    
   
   
 222,556 
    
   
   
 207,591 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 409,388 
    
   
   
 420,256 
    
   
   
 398,098 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 43,722 
    
   
   
 52,708 
    
   
   
 78,186 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 42,449 
    
   
   
 47,086 
    
   
   
 47,690 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 960,795 
    
   
   
 895,537 
    
   
   
 871,679 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 3,755,576 
    
   
   
 3,641,832 
    
   
   
 3,615,064 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 691,933 
    
   
   
 635,375 
    
   
   
 467,093 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-operating (income) expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 97,122 
    
   
   
 93,098 
    
   
   
 105,585 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (3,145 
 )  
   
   
 (3,759 
 )  
   
   
 (4,925 
 )  
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
    
   
 (5,959 
 )  
   
   
 6,048 
    
   
   
 14,611 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total non-operating expense, net 
    
   
 88,018 
    
   
   
 95,387 
    
   
   
 115,271 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 603,915 
    
   
   
 539,988 
    
   
   
 351,822 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 157,043 
    
   
   
 126,678 
    
   
   
 67,894 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 446,872 
    
   
   
 413,310 
    
   
   
 283,928 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (4,966 
 )  
   
   
 (2,620 
 )  
   
   
 (2,270 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 451,838 
    
   
   
 415,930 
    
   
   
 286,198 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.61 
    
   
   
 3.24 
    
   
   
 2.20 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.57 
    
   
   
 3.20 
    
   
   
 2.17 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 1.84 
    
   
   
 1.72 
    
   
   
 1.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 446,872 
    
   
   
 413,310 
    
   
   
 283,928 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 (95,694 
 )  
   
   
 (65,970 
 )  
   
   
 (11,104 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 
    
   
 (642 
 )  
   
   
 1,900 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net gains (losses) on cash flow hedging activities, net of tax 
    
   
 86,155 
    
   
   
 47,600 
    
   
   
 (3,075 
 )  
 
   Changes in unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts, net of tax 
    
   
 6,892 
    
   
   
 (51,206 
 )  
   
   
 47,081 
    
 
   Reclassifications to earnings, net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net (gains) losses on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 (50,527 
 )  
   
   
 3,402 
    
   
   
 (3,230 
 )  
 
   Amortization of unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 3,269 
    
   
   
 2,955 
    
   
   
 8,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 (50,547 
 )  
   
   
 (61,319 
 )  
   
   
 38,172 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive earnings 
    
   
 396,325 
    
   
   
 351,991 
    
   
   
 322,100 
    
 
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (4,966 
 )  
   
   
 (2,620 
 )  
   
   
 (2,270 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 401,291 
    
   
   
 354,611 
    
   
   
 324,370 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 446,872 
    
   
   
 413,310 
    
   
   
 283,928 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation of plant and equipment 
    
   
 111,605 
    
   
   
 105,258 
    
   
   
 102,799 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 43,722 
    
   
   
 52,708 
    
   
   
 78,186 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 42,449 
    
   
   
 47,086 
    
   
   
 47,690 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (18,954 
 )  
   
   
 (9,755 
 )  
   
   
 (19,183 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation 
    
   
 53,880 
    
   
   
 36,152 
    
   
   
 21,272 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase in accounts receivable 
    
   
 (227,808 
 )  
   
   
 (112,366 
 )  
   
   
 (86,616 
 )  
 
   Increase in inventories 
    
   
 (99,353 
 )  
   
   
 (28,944 
 )  
   
   
 (37,511 
 )  
 
   Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 83,124 
    
   
   
 30,760 
    
   
   
 (5,021 
 )  
 
   Program production costs 
    
   
 (42,506 
 )  
   
   
 (31,424 
 )  
   
   
 (41,325 
 )  
 
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 149,663 
    
   
   
 (957 
 )  
   
   
 140,092 
    
 
   Other, including long-term advances 
    
   
 9,751 
    
   
   
 (47,417 
 )  
   
   
 (83,179 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 552,445 
    
   
   
 454,411 
    
   
   
 401,132 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Additions to property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (142,022 
 )  
   
   
 (113,388 
 )  
   
   
 (112,031 
 )  
 
   Investments and acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (110,698 
 )  
 
   Cash proceeds from dispositions 
    
   
 18,632 
    
   
   
 64,400 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 19,743 
    
   
   
 48,503 
    
   
   
 4,986 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash utilized by investing activities 
    
   
 (103,647 
 )  
   
   
 (485 
 )  
   
   
 (217,743 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net proceeds from borrowings with maturity greater than three months 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 559,986 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Repayments of borrowings with maturity greater than three months 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (425,000 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net (repayments of) proceeds from other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (87,310 
 )  
   
   
 246,054 
    
   
   
 (215,273 
 )  
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (87,224 
 )  
   
   
 (459,564 
 )  
   
   
 (103,488 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
    
   
 43,322 
    
   
   
 60,519 
    
   
   
 118,122 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
    
   
 14,228 
    
   
   
 10,914 
    
   
   
 22,300 
    
 
   Dividends paid 
    
   
 (225,797 
 )  
   
   
 (216,855 
 )  
   
   
 (156,129 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (3,676 
 )  
   
   
 (7,010 
 )  
   
   
 (6,541 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash utilized by financing activities 
    
   
 (346,457 
 )  
   
   
 (230,956 
 )  
   
   
 (341,009 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 (18,758 
 )  
   
   
 (12,252 
 )  
   
   
 (9,632 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 83,583 
    
   
   
 210,718 
    
   
   
 (167,252 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 893,167 
    
   
   
 682,449 
    
   
   
 849,701 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 976,750 
    
   
   
 893,167 
    
   
   
 682,449 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 93,106 
    
   
   
 106,755 
    
   
   
 90,605 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes paid 
    
 $ 
 144,137 
    
   
   
 182,158 
    
   
   
 88,189 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests  
 (Thousands of Dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Earnings 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Total Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
   


 
   Balance, December 30, 2012 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 655,943 
    
   
   
 3,354,545 
    
   
   
 (72,307 
 )  
   
   
 (2,535,649 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,507,379 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interest related to acquisition of Backflip Studios, LLC 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 48,000 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 286,198 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 286,198 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,270 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive earnings 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 38,172 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 38,172 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 57,070 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 83,324 
    
   
   
 140,394 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (102,505 
 )  
   
   
 (102,505 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 21,168 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
   
 21,272 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (208,567 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (208,567 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Distributions paid to noncontrolling owners 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (285 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 29, 2013 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 734,181 
    
   
   
 3,432,176 
    
   
   
 (34,135 
 )  
   
   
 (2,554,726 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,682,343 
    
   
 $ 
 45,445 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 415,930 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 415,930 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,620 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (61,319 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (61,319 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 36,063 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 35,370 
    
   
   
 71,433 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (460,841 
 )  
   
   
 (460,841 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 36,021 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 131 
    
   
   
 36,152 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (218,034 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (218,034 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Distributions paid to noncontrolling owners 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (95 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 28, 2014 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 806,265 
    
   
   
 3,630,072 
    
   
   
 (95,454 
 )  
   
   
 (2,980,066 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,465,664 
    
   
 $ 
 42,730 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 451,838 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 451,838 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (4,966 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (50,547 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (50,547 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 33,558 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 23,992 
    
   
   
 57,550 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (84,894 
 )  
   
   
 (84,894 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 53,807 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 73 
    
   
   
 53,880 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (229,589 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (229,589 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net contributions received from noncontrolling owners 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,406 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 27, 2015 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 893,630 
    
   
   
 3,852,321 
    
   
   
 (146,001 
 )  
   
   
 (3,040,895 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,663,902 
    
   
 $ 
 40,170 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
 (1)     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
 Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements  
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Principles of Consolidation    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hasbro, Inc. and all majority-owned subsidiaries (“Hasbro” or the “Company”). Investments representing 20% to 50%
ownership interests in other companies are accounted for using the equity method. For those majority-owned subsidiaries that are not 100% owned by Hasbro, the interests of the minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interests.  
   All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.  
 Fiscal Year    Hasbro’s fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December. The fiscal years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 were fifty-two week periods.
   Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity to the Company of three months or less.  
 Marketable Securities    Included in marketable securities are investments in private investment funds. These investments are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets,
and, due to the nature and business purpose of these investments, the Company has selected the fair value option which requires the Company to record the unrealized gains and losses on these investments in the consolidated statements of operations
at the time they occur. Marketable securities also include common stock in a public company arising from a business relationship. This investment is also included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets; however, due to its nature and business purpose, the Company records unrealized gains and losses on this investment in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets until it is sold at which point the realized gains
or losses will be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.    Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts    Credit is granted to customers predominantly on an unsecured basis. Credit limits and payment
terms are established based on extensive evaluations made on an ongoing basis throughout the fiscal year with regard to the financial performance, cash generation, financing availability and liquidity status of each customer. The majority of
customers are formally reviewed at least annually; more frequent reviews are performed based on the customer’s financial condition and the level of credit being extended. For customers on credit who are experiencing financial difficulties,
management performs additional financial analyses before shipping orders. The Company uses a variety of financial transactions, based on availability and cost, to increase the collectability of certain of its accounts, including letters of credit,
credit insurance, and requiring cash in advance of shipping.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management’s
assessment of the business environment, customers’ financial condition, historical collection experience, accounts receivable aging and customer disputes. When a significant event occurs, such as a bankruptcy filing by a specific customer, and
on a quarterly basis, the allowance is reviewed for adequacy and the balance is adjusted to reflect current risk assessments.  
 Accounts receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheet represents amounts due from customers less the allowance for doubtful accounts
as well as allowances for discounts, rebates and returns.    Inventories  
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Based upon a consideration of quantities on hand, actual and
projected sales volume, anticipated product selling price and product lines planned to be discontinued, slow-moving and obsolete inventory is written down to its estimated net realizable value. At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014,
finished goods, net of the related obsolescence reserve comprised 98% and 94% of inventories, respectively. Following the sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations, finished goods are expected to continue to make up a substantial portion
of inventories with the remaining balance comprised of certain raw materials or components sourced on behalf of the Company’s third party manufacturers.    Equity Method Investment    For the Company’s equity
method investments, only the Company’s investment in and amounts due to and from the equity method investment are included in the consolidated balance sheets and only the Company’s share of the equity method investment’s earnings
(losses) is included in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Dividends, cash distributions, loans or other cash received from the equity method investment, additional cash investments, loan repayments or other cash paid
to the investee are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows.    The Company reviews its equity method investments
for impairment on a periodic basis. If it has been determined that the fair value of the equity investment is less than its related carrying value and that this decline is other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the investment is adjusted
downward to reflect these declines in value. The Company has one significant equity method investment, its 40% interest in a joint venture with Discovery Communications, Inc. (“Discovery”).  
 The Company and Discovery are party to an option agreement with respect to this joint venture. The Company has recorded a liability for
this option agreement at fair value which is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses on this option are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations as they occur.  
 See notes 5 and 12 for additional information.    Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests    Redeemable
noncontrolling interests are those noncontrolling interests which are or may become redeemable at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date, at the option of the holder, or upon occurrence of an event. The financial results and
position of the redeemable noncontrolling interest are included in their entirety in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and consolidated balance sheets. The value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests is presented in the
consolidated balance sheets as temporary equity between liabilities and shareholders’ equity. Earnings (losses) attributable to the noncontrolling interest  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
are presented as a separate line on the consolidated statements of operations which is necessary to identify those earnings specifically attributable to Hasbro.  
 Presently, the Company has one investment with a redeemable noncontrolling interest which is the Company’s 70% majority interest in
Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”). The Company may be required to purchase the remaining 30% in the future contingent on the achievement by Backflip of certain predetermined financial performance metrics (the “metrics”). Because
the Company does not know the ultimate timing that these metrics may be met and, thereby, cannot currently estimate the purchase price of the remaining 30%, the value reported reflects the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest on the
date of acquisition which has been adjusted for cumulative earnings (losses) attributable to the noncontrolling interest since the date of acquisition as well as capital contributions made by or distributions made to the noncontrolling interest
since the acquisition.    Property, Plant and Equipment, Net  
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using accelerated and
straight-line methods to depreciate the cost of property, plant and equipment over their estimated useful lives. The principal lives, in years, used in determining depreciation rates of various assets are: land improvements 15 to 19, buildings and
improvements 15 to 25 and machinery and equipment (including computer hardware and software) 3 to 12. Depreciation expense is classified in the consolidated statements of operations based on the nature of the property and equipment being
depreciated. Tools, dies and molds are depreciated over a three-year period or their useful lives, whichever is less, using an accelerated method. The Company generally owns all tools, dies and molds related to its products.  
 Property, plant and equipment, net is reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
recognized would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value wherein the fair value is the appraised value. Furthermore, assets to be disposed of are carried at the lower of the net book value or
their estimated fair value less disposal costs.    Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net  
 Goodwill results from acquisitions the Company has made over time. Substantially all of the other intangibles consist of the cost of
acquired product rights. In establishing the value of such rights, the Company considers existing trademarks, copyrights, patents, license agreements and other product-related rights. These rights were valued on their acquisition date based on the
anticipated future cash flows from the underlying product line. The Company has certain intangible assets related to the Tonka and Milton Bradley acquisitions that have an indefinite life.  
 Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized and are tested for impairment at least annually. The
annual test begins with goodwill and all intangible assets being allocated to applicable reporting units. This quantitative two-step process begins with an estimation of fair value of the reporting unit using an income approach, which looks to the
present value of expected future cash flows. The first step is a screen for potential impairment while the second step measures the amount of impairment if there is an indication from the first step that one exists. When performing the quantitative
two-step impairment test, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment by comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value, also calculated using the present value of expected future cash flows.
 
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The Company may bypass the quantitative two-step impairment process and perform a
qualitative assessment if it is not more likely than not that impairment exists. Performing a qualitative assessment of goodwill requires a high degree of judgment regarding assumptions underlying the valuation. Qualitative factors and their impact
on critical inputs are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value.    During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company performed a qualitative assessment with respect to goodwill associated with all but one of its reporting units and determined that it was not necessary to
perform a quantitative assessment for the goodwill of these reporting units. The Company also performed quantitative two-step annual impairment tests related to its intangible assets with indefinite lives, as well as goodwill associated with
Backflip, the Company’s majority owned mobile gaming reporting unit, in the fourth quarter of 2015 and no impairments were indicated as the estimated fair values were in excess of the carrying value of the related intangible assets or reporting
units, as applicable.    The remaining intangibles having defined lives are being amortized over periods ranging from four to
twenty years, primarily using the straight-line method. At December 27, 2015, approximately 7% of other intangibles, net are being amortized in proportion to actual and projected revenues.  
 The Company reviews other intangibles with defined lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If such assets were considered to be impaired, the
impairment to be recognized would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value wherein that fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows.  
 Financial Instruments    Hasbro’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. At December 27, 2015, the carrying
cost of these instruments approximated their fair value. The Company’s financial instruments at December 27, 2015 also include long-term borrowings (see note 9 for carrying cost and related fair values) as well as certain assets and
liabilities measured at fair value (see notes 9, 12 and 16).    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest
— Imputation of Interest (ASC 835-30),  which simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs. ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs related to long-term debt to be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction to the carrying amount
of the related debt liability, consistent with the presentation of discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, and is eligible for early adoption.
The Company elected early adoption and deferred debt costs are presented as a reduction of long-term debt. Debt issuance costs of $14,042 have been reclassified in the consolidated balance sheet for December 28, 2014 to reflect this change in
accounting principle.    Revenue Recognition  
 Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the passing of title to the customer, generally at the time of shipment. Provisions for
discounts, rebates and returns are made when the related revenues are recognized. The Company bases its estimates for discounts, rebates and returns on agreed customer terms and historical experience.  
 The Company enters into arrangements licensing its brands on specifically approved products or formats. The licensees pay the Company
royalties based on their revenues derived from the brands, in some cases subject  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
to minimum guaranteed amounts. Royalty revenues are recognized as they are reported as earned and payment becomes assured, over the life of the license agreement.  
 The Company produces television programming for license to third parties. Revenues from the distribution of television and other
programming are recorded when the use of the content may be directed by the distributor and when certain other conditions are met.    Revenue from product sales less related provisions for discounts, rebates and returns, as well as royalty, television programming and digital gaming revenues comprise net revenues in the consolidated
statements of operations.    Costs of Sales  
 Cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, tooling, manufacturing overheads and other inventory-related costs such as
obsolescence.    Royalties    The Company enters into license agreements with strategic partners, inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties in its products. These agreements may call for payment in advance
or future payment of minimum guaranteed amounts. Amounts paid in advance are recorded as an asset and charged to expense when the related revenue is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. If all or a portion of the minimum
guaranteed amounts appear not to be recoverable through future use of the rights obtained under the license, the non-recoverable portion of the guaranty is charged to expense at that time.  
 Advertising    Production costs of commercials are expensed in the fiscal year during which the production is first aired. The costs of other advertising and promotion programs are expensed in the fiscal year incurred.
   Program Production Costs    The Company incurs costs in connection with the production of television programming and motion pictures. These costs are capitalized by the Company as they are incurred and amortized using the
individual-film-forecast method, whereby these costs are amortized in the proportion that the current year’s revenues bear to management’s estimate of total ultimate revenues as of the beginning of such period related to the program. These
capitalized costs are reported at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value, and reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances occurs that indicates that impairment may exist. The fair value is determined
using a discounted cash flow model which is primarily based on management’s future revenue and cost estimates.  
 Shipping and Handling    Hasbro expenses costs related to the shipment and handling of goods to customers as incurred. For 2015, 2014 and 2013, these costs were $159,854, $157,326 and $155,316, respectively, and are included in
selling, distribution and administration expenses.    Operating Leases  
 Hasbro records lease expense on a straight-line basis inclusive of rent concessions and increases. Reimbursements from lessors for
leasehold improvements are deferred and recognized as a reduction to lease expense over the remaining lease term.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Income Taxes  
 Hasbro uses the asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net
tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates expected to apply to taxable income in
years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on the majority
of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries as the majority of such earnings are indefinitely reinvested by the Company.    The Company uses a two-step process for the measurement of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is a determination of whether the tax
position should be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The second step determines the measurement of the tax position. The Company records potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax
expense.    In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (ASC 740) , which simplifies the presentation
of deferred income taxes by removing the requirement to bifurcate deferred income tax assets and liabilities between current and non-current. While ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, it is eligible for
early adoption. The Company elected early adoption and deferred income tax assets and liabilities are presented as non-current in the consolidated balance sheets. This adoption was applied retrospectively and $75,595 has been reclassified from
prepaid expenses and other current assets to other assets and $3,250 has been reclassified from accrued liabilities to other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 28, 2014.  
 Foreign Currency Translation    Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates, and revenues, costs and expenses are translated at weighted average exchange rates during each
reporting period. Net earnings include gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions and, when required, translation gains and losses resulting from the use of the U.S. dollar as the functional currency in highly inflationary
economies. Other gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements are a component of other comprehensive earnings (loss).    Pension Plans, Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits  
 Pension expense and related amounts in the consolidated balance sheets are based on actuarial computations of current and future benefits.
Actual results that differ from the actuarial assumptions are accumulated and, if outside a certain corridor, amortized over future periods and, therefore affect recognized expense in future periods. The Company’s policy is to fund amounts
which are required by applicable regulations and which are tax deductible. In 2016, the Company expects to contribute approximately $3,600 to its pension plans. The estimated amounts of future payments to be made under other retirement programs are
being accrued currently over the period of active employment and are also included in pension expense. Hasbro has a contributory postretirement health and life insurance plan covering substantially all employees who retire under any of its United
States defined benefit pension plans and meet certain age and length of service requirements. The cost of providing these benefits on behalf of employees who retired prior to 1993 is and will continue to be substantially borne by the Company. The
cost of providing benefits on behalf of substantially all employees who retire after 1992 is borne by the employee. It also has several plans covering certain groups of employees, which may  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
provide benefits to such employees following their period of employment but prior to their retirement. The Company measures the costs of these obligations based on actuarial computations.
   Stock-Based Compensation    The Company has a stock-based employee compensation plan for employees and non-employee members of the Company’s Board of Directors. Under this plan the Company may grant stock options at or above
the fair market value of the Company’s stock, as well as restricted stock, restricted stock units and contingent stock performance awards. All awards are measured at fair value at the date of the grant and amortized as expense on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. For awards contingent upon Company performance, the measurement of the expense for these awards is based on the Company’s current estimate of its performance over the
performance period. For awards contingent upon the achievement of market conditions, the probability of satisfying the market condition is considered in the estimation of the grant date fair value. See note 13 for further discussion.  
 Risk Management Contracts    Hasbro uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign currency transactions. These over-the-counter
contracts, which hedge future purchases of inventory and other cross-border currency requirements not denominated in the functional currency of the business unit, are primarily denominated in United States and Hong Kong dollars as well as Euros. All
contracts are entered into with a number of counterparties, all of which are major financial institutions. The Company believes that a default by a counterparty would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.
Hasbro does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.    At the inception of the contracts,
Hasbro designates its derivatives as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking
various hedge transactions. All hedges designated as cash flow hedges are linked to forecasted transactions and the Company assesses, both at the inception of the hedge and on an on-going basis, the effectiveness of the derivatives used in hedging
transactions in offsetting changes in the cash flows of the forecasted transaction. The ineffective portion of a hedging derivative, if any, is immediately recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.  
 The Company records all derivatives, such as foreign currency exchange contracts, on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
Changes in the derivative fair values that are designated as cash flow hedges and are effective are deferred and recorded as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Earnings (“AOCE”) until the hedged transactions occur and
are then recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company’s foreign currency contracts hedging anticipated cash flows are designated as cash flow hedges. When it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a
hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. Any gain or loss deferred through that date remains in AOCE until the forecasted transaction occurs, at which time it is reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations. To
the extent the transaction is no longer deemed probable of occurring, hedge accounting treatment is discontinued and amounts deferred would be reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations. In the event hedge accounting requirements are
not met, gains and losses on such instruments are included currently in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses derivatives to economically hedge intercompany loans denominated in foreign currencies. The Company does not use
hedge accounting for these contracts as changes in the fair value of these contracts are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of the intercompany loans.    Prior to the issuance of the Notes Due 2021 and Notes Due 2044, the Company entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract to hedge the anticipated U.S. Treasury interest rates on the
anticipated debt  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
issuance. These instruments, which were designated and effective as hedges, were terminated on the date of the related debt issuance and the then fair value of these instruments was recorded to
AOCE and is being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations using an effective interest rate method over the life of the related debt.    Net Earnings Per Common Share    Basic net earnings per share
is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the year as well as awards that have not been issued but all contingencies have been met. Diluted net earnings per share is similar except that the
weighted average number of shares outstanding is increased by dilutive securities, and net earnings are adjusted, if necessary, for certain amounts related to dilutive securities. Dilutive securities include shares issuable upon exercise of stock
options for which the market price exceeds the exercise price, less shares which could have been purchased by the Company with the related proceeds. Dilutive securities also include shares issuable under restricted stock unit award agreements. There
were no antidilutive stock options or restricted stock unit awards to exclude from the diluted earnings per share calculation in 2015. Options and restricted stock unit awards totaling 674 and 760 for 2014 and 2013, respectively, were excluded from
the calculation of diluted earnings per share because to include them would have been antidilutive.    A reconciliation of net
earnings and average number of shares for each of the three fiscal years ended December 27, 2015 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   


 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 451,838 
    
    
   
 451,838 
    
    
   
 415,930 
    
    
   
 415,930 
    
    
   
 286,198 
    
    
   
 286,198 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Average shares outstanding 
    
   
 125,006 
    
    
   
 125,006 
    
    
   
 128,411 
    
    
   
 128,411 
    
    
   
 130,186 
    
    
   
 130,186 
    
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Options and other share-based awards 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,682 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,475 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,602 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Equivalent shares 
    
   
 125,006 
    
    
   
 126,688 
    
    
   
 128,411 
    
    
   
 129,886 
    
    
   
 130,186 
    
    
   
 131,788 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. per share 
    
 $ 
 3.61 
    
    
   
 3.57 
    
    
   
 3.24 
    
    
   
 3.20 
    
    
   
 2.20 
    
    
   
 2.17 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (2)     Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss)   
 Components of other comprehensive earnings (loss) are presented within the consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. The
following table presents the related tax effects on changes in other comprehensive earnings (loss) for the three years ended December 27, 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss), tax effect: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on cash flow hedging activities 
    
 $ 
 (11,190 
 )  
    
   
 8,259 
    
    
   
 (511 
 )  
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized holding gains 
    
   
 364 
    
    
   
 (1,077 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 (928 
 )  
    
   
 23,869 
    
    
   
 (25,193 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications to earnings, tax effect: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 5,435 
    
    
   
 (2,488 
 )  
    
   
 946 
    
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts reclassified to the consolidated statements of
operations 
    
   
 (1,861 
 )  
    
   
 (1,327 
 )  
    
   
 (4,275 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total tax effect on other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (8,180 
 )  
    
   
 27,236 
    
    
   
 (29,033 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In 2015, 2014 and 2013, net gains on cash flow hedging activities reclassified to earnings, net of tax,
included gains of $1,111, $58 and $168, respectively, as a result of hedge ineffectiveness.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax
are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension and Postretirement Amounts 
   
    
 Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments 
   
    
 Unrealized Holding Gains on Available- for-Sale Securities 
   
    
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 
   
    
 Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) 
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 (113,092 
 )  
    
   
 43,689 
    
    
   
 1,900 
    
    
   
 (27,951 
 )  
    
   
 (95,454 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 6,892 
    
    
   
 86,155 
    
    
   
 (642 
 )  
    
   
 (95,694 
 )  
    
   
 (3,289 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
    
   
 3,269 
    
    
   
 (50,527 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (47,258 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 27, 2015 
    
 $ 
 (102,931 
 )  
    
   
 79,317 
    
    
   
 1,258 
    
    
   
 (123,645 
 )  
    
   
 (146,001 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 29, 2013 
    
 $ 
 (64,841 
 )  
    
   
 (7,313 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 38,019 
    
    
   
 (34,135 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 (51,206 
 )  
    
   
 47,600 
    
    
   
 1,900 
    
    
   
 (65,970 
 )  
    
   
 (67,676 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
    
   
 2,955 
    
    
   
 3,402 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 6,357 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 (113,092 
 )  
    
   
 43,689 
    
    
   
 1,900 
    
    
   
 (27,951 
 )  
    
   
 (95,454 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 (120,422 
 )  
    
   
 (1,008 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 49,123 
    
    
   
 (72,307 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 47,081 
    
    
   
 (3,075 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (11,104 
 )  
    
   
 32,902 
    
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
    
   
 8,500 
    
    
   
 (3,230 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 5,270 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 29, 2013 
    
 $ 
 (64,841 
 )  
    
   
 (7,313 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 38,019 
    
    
   
 (34,135 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At December 27, 2015, the Company had remaining net deferred gains on foreign currency forward
contracts, net of tax, of $98,680 in AOCE. These instruments hedge payments related to inventory purchased in the fourth quarter of 2015 or forecasted to be purchased from 2016 through 2020, intercompany expenses expected to be paid or received
during 2016 and 2017 and cash receipts for sales made at the end of 2015 or forecasted to be made in 2016. These amounts will be reclassified into the consolidated statements of operations upon the sale of the related inventory or recognition of the
related sales, royalties or expenses.    In addition to foreign currency forward contracts, the Company entered into hedging
contracts on future interest payments related to the long-term notes due 2021 and 2044. At the date of debt issuance, these contracts were terminated and the fair value on the date of settlement was deferred in AOCE and is being amortized to
interest expense over the life of the related notes using the effective interest rate method. At December 27, 2015,  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
deferred losses, net of tax, of $19,363 related to these instruments remained in AOCE. For the years ended December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, losses, net of tax of $1,148 and
$1,156, respectively, were reclassified from AOCE to net earnings.    Of the net deferred gains included in AOCE at
December 27, 2015, the Company expects approximately $63,181 to be reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations within the next 12 months. However, the amount ultimately realized in earnings is dependent on the fair value of the
hedging instruments on the settlement dates.    See notes 14 and 16 for additional discussion on reclassifications from AOCE to
earnings.    (3)     Property, Plant and Equipment   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Land and improvements 
    
 $ 
 3,954 
    
    
   
 6,784 
    
 
   Buildings and improvements 
    
   
 176,982 
    
    
   
 234,149 
    
 
   Machinery, equipment and software 
    
   
 350,471 
    
    
   
 447,434 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 531,407 
    
    
   
 688,367 
    
 
   Less accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 363,601 
    
    
   
 508,600 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 167,806 
    
    
   
 179,767 
    
 
   Tools, dies and molds, net of accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 69,721 
    
    
   
 57,722 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
 $ 
 237,527 
    
    
   
 237,489 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Expenditures for maintenance and repairs which do not materially extend the life of the assets are charged
to operations as incurred.    (4)     Goodwill and Intangibles   
 Goodwill    Changes
in the carrying amount of goodwill, by operating segment, for the years ended December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 U.S. and Canada 
   
    
 International 
   
    
 Entertainment and Licensing 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 170,853 
    
    
   
 125,607 
    
    
   
 593,438 
    
 
   Foreign exchange translation 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (743 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (743 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 27, 2015 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 170,110 
    
    
   
 125,607 
    
    
   
 592,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 29, 2013 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 171,736 
    
    
   
 125,607 
    
    
   
 594,321 
    
 
   Foreign exchange translation 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (883 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (883 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 170,853 
    
    
   
 125,607 
    
    
   
 593,438 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A portion of the Company’s goodwill and other intangible assets reside in the Corporate segment of
the business. For purposes of the goodwill impairment testing, these assets are allocated to the reporting units within the Company’s operating segments.  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The Company performs an annual impairment test on goodwill. This annual impairment test
is performed in the fourth quarter of the Company’s fiscal year. In addition, if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company will perform an interim impairment test at that
time. For the three fiscal years ended December 27, 2015, no such events occurred. Entertainment and Licensing goodwill includes $119,111 related to the Company’s 70% interest in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”), a mobile game
developer based in Boulder, Colorado. Should Backflip not achieve its profitability and growth targets, including anticipated game releases in 2016, the carrying value of this reporting unit may become impaired.  
 The Company completed its annual impairment tests of goodwill in the fourth quarters of 2015, 2014 and 2013 concluding that there was no
impairment of its goodwill.    Other Intangibles, Net    A summary of the Company’s other intangibles, net at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Acquired product rights 
    
 $ 
 789,781 
    
    
   
 789,781 
    
 
   Licensed rights of entertainment properties 
    
   
 256,555 
    
    
   
 256,555 
    
 
   Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (841,267 
 )  
    
   
 (797,546 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Amortizable intangible assets 
    
   
 205,069 
    
    
   
 248,790 
    
 
   Product rights with indefinite lives 
    
   
 75,738 
    
    
   
 75,738 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other intangibles, net 
    
 $ 
 280,807 
    
    
   
 324,528 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Certain intangible assets relating to rights obtained in the Company’s acquisition of Milton Bradley
in 1984 and Tonka in 1991 are not amortized. These rights were determined to have indefinite lives and are included as product rights with indefinite lives in the table above. The Company tests these assets for impairment on an annual basis in the
fourth quarters of each year or when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company completed its annual impairment tests of indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter
of 2015, 2014, and 2013 concluding that there was no impairment of these assets. The Company’s other intangible assets are amortized over their remaining useful lives, and accumulated amortization of these other intangibles is reflected in
other intangibles, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.    Intangible assets, other than those with indefinite
lives, are reviewed for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. During 2013, the Company incurred $19,736 in impairment charges related to certain product lines which
the Company exited as well as product lines with reduced expectations. The Company will continue to incur amortization expense related to the use of acquired and licensed rights to produce various products. A portion of the amortization of these
product rights will fluctuate depending on brand activation, related revenues during an annual period and future expectations, as well as rights reaching the end of their useful lives. The Company currently estimates amortization expense related to
the above intangible assets for the next five years to be approximately:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 35,000 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 29,000 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 21,000 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 40,000 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 40,000 
    
 
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (5)     Equity Method Investment   
 The Company owns an interest in a joint venture, Discovery Family Channel (the “Network”), with Discovery Communications, Inc.
(“Discovery”). The Company has determined that it does not meet the control requirements to consolidate the Network and accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. The Network was established to create a cable
television network in the United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and family entertainment. In October 2009, the Company purchased an initial 50% share in the Network for a payment of $300,000 and certain future tax payments based on
the value of certain tax benefits expected to be received by the Company. On September 23, 2014, the Company and Discovery amended their relationship with respect to the Network and Discovery increased its equity interest in the Network to 60%
while the Company retained a 40% equity interest in the Network. The change in equity interests was accomplished partly through a redemption of interests owned by the Company and partly through the purchase of interests by Discovery from the
Company. In connection with this reduction in its equity ownership the Company was paid a cash purchase price of $64,400 by Discovery. In connection with the restructuring of the Network in 2014, the Company recognized a net expense of $28,326,
which includes a charge resulting from an option agreement and the Company’s share of severance charges and programming write-downs recognized by the Network, partially offset by a gain from the reduction of amounts due to Discovery under a tax
sharing agreement and is primarily included in other (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations.    In
connection with the amendment, the Company and Discovery entered into an option agreement related to the Company’s remaining 40% ownership in the Network, exercisable during the one-year period following December 31, 2021. The exercise
price of the option agreement is based upon 80% of the then fair market value of the Network, subject to a fair market value floor. In connection with the amendment, the Company recorded a charge in other expense in the third quarter of 2014,
related to the then fair market value of the option agreement totaling $25,590. At December 27, 2015, and December 28, 2014, the fair market value of this agreement was $28,360 and $25,340, respectively and was included as a component of
other liabilities related to the fair value of this option agreement. During 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded losses (gains) of $3,020 and $(250) in other expense, net relating to the change in value of this agreement.  
 As a result of the reduction in the Company’s ownership in the Network, the Company also received a benefit from a reduction in
amounts due to Discovery under the existing tax sharing agreement. The present value of the expected future payments at the acquisition date totaled approximately $67,900 and was recorded as a component of the Company’s investment in the joint
venture. For the year ended December 28, 2014 the Company recorded a net benefit in other expense related to the reduction in the amounts due to Discovery under the tax sharing agreement totaling $12,834. The balance of the associated
liability, including imputed interest, was $54,521 and $55,107 at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, respectively, and is included as a component of other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. During 2015, 2014
and 2013, the Company made payments under the tax sharing agreement to Discovery of $4,971, $7,010 and $6,541, respectively.  
 The Company has a license agreement with the Network that requires the payment of royalties by the Company to the Network based on a
percentage of revenue derived from products related to television shows broadcast by the joint venture. The license includes a minimum royalty guarantee of $125,000, which was paid in 5 annual installments of $25,000 per year, commencing in 2009,
which can be earned out over approximately a 10-year period. The last payment was made in 2013 and is included in other, including long-term advances in the consolidated statements of cash flows. In connection with the 2014 amendment, the terms of
this license were modified resulting in a benefit recorded to royalties totaling $2,328 in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, the Company had $77,482 and $89,328 of prepaid royalties,
respectively, related to this agreement, $14,235 and $12,207, respectively, of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $63,247 and $77,121, respectively, of which are included in other assets.
 
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
The Company and the Network are also parties to an agreement under which the Company will provide the Network with an exclusive first look in the U.S. to license certain types of programming
developed by the Company based on its intellectual property. In the event the Network licenses the programming from the Company to air, it is required to pay the Company a license fee.  
 As of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 the Company’s investment in the Network totaled $242,932 and $244,587,
respectively. The Company’s share in the (earnings) loss of the Network for the years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 totaled $(19,045), $9,187 and $2,386, respectively and is included as a
component of other (income) expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In 2014, the Company’s share in the loss of the Network included charges related to its restructuring totaling $17,278. The Company also enters
into certain other transactions with the Network including the licensing of television programming and the purchase of advertising. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, these transactions were not material.  
 (6)     Program Production Costs     Program production costs are included in other assets and consist of the following at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Television programming 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Released, less amortization 
    
 $ 
 33,730 
    
    
   
 41,742 
    
 
   In production 
    
   
 36,092 
    
    
   
 24,607 
    
 
   Pre-production 
    
   
 84 
    
    
   
 1,841 
    
 
   Theatrical programming 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   In production 
    
   
 5,640 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total program production costs 
    
 $ 
 75,546 
    
    
   
 68,190 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Based on management’s total revenue estimates at December 27, 2015, 92% of the unamortized
television programming costs relating to released productions are expected to be amortized during the next three years. Based on current estimates, the Company expects to amortize approximately $22,500 of the $33,730 of released programs during
fiscal 2016.    (7)     Financing Arrangements   
 At December 27, 2015, Hasbro had available an unsecured committed line and unsecured uncommitted lines of credit from various banks
approximating $700,000 and $131,000, respectively. All of the short-term borrowings outstanding at the end of 2015 and 2014 represent borrowings made under, or supported by, these lines of credit. Borrowings under the lines of credit were made by
certain international affiliates of the Company on terms and at interest rates generally extended to companies of comparable creditworthiness in those markets. The weighted average interest rates of the outstanding borrowings under the uncommitted
lines of credit as of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 were 3.97% and 3.80%, respectively. The Company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed line of credit at December 27, 2015. During 2015, Hasbro’s working
capital needs were fulfilled by cash generated from operations, borrowings under lines of credit and utilization of its commercial paper program discussed below.    The unsecured committed line of credit, as amended on March 30, 2015 (the “Agreement”), provides the Company with a $700,000 committed borrowing facility through March 30, 2020. The
Agreement contains  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility, including with respect to liens, mergers and
incurrence of indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of and for the year ended December 27, 2015.    The Company pays a commitment fee (0.15% as of December 27, 2015) based on the unused portion of the facility and interest equal to a Base Rate or Eurocurrency Rate plus a spread on borrowings under
the facility. The Base Rate is determined based on either the Federal Funds Rate plus a spread, Prime Rate or Eurocurrency Rate plus a spread. The commitment fee and the amount of the spread to the Base Rate or Eurocurrency Rate both vary based on
the Company’s long-term debt ratings and the Company’s leverage. At December 27, 2015, the interest rate under the facility was equal to Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.25%.  
 The Company has an agreement with a group of banks providing a commercial paper program (the “Program”). Under the Program, at
the Company’s request the banks may either purchase from the Company, or arrange for the sale by the Company of, unsecured commercial paper notes. Borrowings under the Program are supported by the aforementioned unsecured committed line of
credit and the Company may issue notes from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $700,000. The maturities of the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. Subject to market conditions, the notes will be
sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and will be issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, will be sold at par and will bear varying interest rates based on a fixed or floating rate basis. The interest rates will vary based
on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. At December 27, 2015, the Company had notes outstanding under the Program of $160,000 with a weighted average interest rate of
0.61%. At December 28, 2014, the Company had notes outstanding under the Program of $239,993 with a weighted average interest rate of 0.44%.    (8)     Accrued Liabilities     Components of
accrued liabilities are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Royalties 
    
 $ 
 127,557 
    
    
   
 83,217 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 60,196 
    
    
   
 78,530 
    
 
   Payroll and management incentives 
    
   
 93,578 
    
    
   
 82,774 
    
 
   Dividends 
    
   
 57,406 
    
    
   
 53,619 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 320,137 
    
    
   
 308,514 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 658,874 
    
    
   
 606,654 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (9)     Long-Term Debt   
 Components of long-term debt are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   6.35% Notes Due 2040 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
    
   
 556,300 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 617,700 
    
 
   6.30% Notes Due 2017 
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 374,045 
    
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 387,660 
    
 
   5.10% Notes Due 2044 
    
   
 300,000 
    
    
   
 286,710 
    
    
   
 300,000 
    
    
   
 316,980 
    
 
   3.15% Notes Due 2021 
    
   
 300,000 
    
    
   
 300,060 
    
    
   
 300,000 
    
    
   
 302,700 
    
 
   6.60% Debentures Due 2028 
    
   
 109,895 
    
    
   
 121,269 
    
    
   
 109,895 
    
    
   
 128,698 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 1,559,895 
    
    
   
 1,638,384 
    
    
   
 1,559,895 
    
    
   
 1,753,738 
    
 
   Less: Deferred debt expenses 
    
   
 12,780 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 14,042 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,547,115 
    
    
   
 1,638,384 
    
    
   
 1,545,853 
    
    
   
 1,753,738 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In May 2014, the Company issued $600,000 in long-term debt which consists of $300,000 of 3.15% Notes Due
in 2021 and $300,000 of 5.10% Notes Due in 2044 (collectively, the “Notes”). The Company may redeem the Notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the Notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments
discounted using the effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at the time of repurchase. Prior to the issuance of the Notes, the Company held forward-starting interest rate swap contracts to hedge the variability in the anticipated
underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate associated with the expected issuance of the Notes. At the date of issuance, these contracts were terminated and the Company paid $33,306, the fair value of the contracts on that date, to settle. Of this
amount, $6,373 related to 3.15% Notes Due 2021 and $26,933 related to 5.10% Notes Due 2044, which have been deferred in AOCE and are being amortized to interest expense over the life of the respective Notes using the effective interest rate method.
The proceeds from the Notes have been presented net of the payment for these contracts in the consolidated statements of cash flows.    The fair values of the Company’s long-term debt are considered Level 3 fair values (see note 12 for further discussion of the fair value hierarchy) and are measured using the discounted future cash
flows method. In addition to the debt terms, the valuation methodology includes an assumption of a discount rate that approximates the current yield on a similar debt security. This assumption is considered an unobservable input in that it reflects
the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believes that this is the best information available for use in the fair value measurement.  
 Interest rates for the 6.30% Notes Due 2017 may be adjusted upward in the event that the Company’s credit rating from Moody’s
Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings is reduced to Ba1, BB+, or BB+, respectively, or below. At December 27, 2015, the Company’s ratings from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc.,
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services and Fitch Ratings were Baa2, BBB, and BBB+, respectively. The interest rate adjustment is dependent on the degree of decrease of the Company’s ratings and could range from 0.25% to a maximum of
2.00%. The Company may redeem these notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of these notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted using the effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at
the time of repurchase.    At December 27, 2015, as detailed above, the Company’s 6.30% Notes mature in 2017. All of
the Company’s other long-term borrowings have contractual maturities that occur subsequent to 2020. The aggregate principal amount of long-term debt maturing in the next five years is $350,000.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (10)     Income Taxes   
 Income taxes attributable to earnings before income taxes are:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 101,591 
    
    
   
 70,390 
    
    
   
 12,760 
    
 
   State and local 
    
   
 3,352 
    
    
   
 3,134 
    
    
   
 1,677 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 71,054 
    
    
   
 62,909 
    
    
   
 72,640 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 175,997 
    
    
   
 136,433 
    
    
   
 87,077 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
   
 (13,771 
 )  
    
   
 (15,448 
 )  
    
   
 (10,751 
 )  
 
   State and local 
    
   
 (472 
 )  
    
   
 (530 
 )  
    
   
 (368 
 )  
 
   International 
    
   
 (4,711 
 )  
    
   
 6,223 
    
    
   
 (8,064 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (18,954 
 )  
    
   
 (9,755 
 )  
    
   
 (19,183 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total income taxes 
    
 $ 
 157,043 
    
    
   
 126,678 
    
    
   
 67,894 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Certain income tax (benefits) expenses, not reflected in income taxes in the consolidated statements of
operations totaled $(5,434) in 2015, $(38,223) in 2014 and $6,733 in 2013 which relate primarily to stock compensation and pensions. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, the deferred tax portion of the total (benefit) expense was $8,180, $(27,236) and $29,033,
respectively.    A reconciliation of the statutory United States federal income tax rate to Hasbro’s effective income tax
rate is as follows. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Statutory income tax rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   State and local income taxes, net 
    
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
 
   Tax on international earnings 
    
   
 (15.6 
 )  
   
   
 (6.4 
 )  
   
   
 (13.6 
 )  
 
   Change in unrecognized tax benefits 
    
   
 4.3 
    
   
   
 (5.7 
 )  
   
   
 (1.5 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 2.0 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 (0.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 26.0 
 %  
   
   
 23.5 
 %  
   
   
 19.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The components of earnings before income taxes, determined by tax jurisdiction, are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 155,120 
    
    
   
 190,769 
    
    
   
 54,424 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 448,795 
    
    
   
 349,219 
    
    
   
 297,398 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total earnings before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 603,915 
    
    
   
 539,988 
    
    
   
 351,822 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The components of deferred income tax expense (benefit) arise from various temporary
differences and relate to items included in the consolidated statements of operations as well as items recognized in other comprehensive earnings. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax
assets and liabilities at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 are:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 23,568 
    
    
   
 20,874 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 15,168 
    
    
   
 14,698 
    
 
   Loss and credit carryforwards 
    
   
 28,893 
    
    
   
 32,393 
    
 
   Operating expenses 
    
   
 43,029 
    
    
   
 48,998 
    
 
   Pension 
    
   
 49,746 
    
    
   
 53,789 
    
 
   Other compensation 
    
   
 62,587 
    
    
   
 48,498 
    
 
   Postretirement benefits 
    
   
 9,253 
    
    
   
 10,092 
    
 
   Interest rate hedge 
    
   
 10,937 
    
    
   
 11,638 
    
 
   Tax sharing agreement 
    
   
 18,379 
    
    
   
 18,840 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 31,441 
    
    
   
 27,817 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 293,001 
    
    
   
 287,637 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (23,593 
 )  
    
   
 (26,319 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
   
 269,408 
    
    
   
 261,318 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets 
    
   
 53,755 
    
    
   
 59,895 
    
 
   Equity method investment 
    
   
 8,205 
    
    
   
 2,001 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 16,632 
    
    
   
 13,447 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 78,592 
    
    
   
 75,343 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 190,816 
    
    
   
 185,975 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Hasbro has a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets at December 27, 2015 of $23,593,
which is a decrease of $2,726 from $26,319 at December 28, 2014. The valuation allowance pertains to certain U.S. state and international loss and credit carryforwards, some of which have no expiration and others that would expire beginning in
2016.    Based on Hasbro’s history of taxable income and the anticipation of sufficient taxable income in years when the
temporary differences are expected to become tax deductions, the Company believes that it will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance.  
 At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, the Company’s net deferred income taxes are recorded in the consolidated
balance sheets as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Other assets 
    
 $ 
 199,563 
    
    
   
 193,875 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 (8,747 
 )  
    
   
 (7,900 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 190,816 
    
    
   
 185,975 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding potential interest and
penalties, for the fiscal years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 35,416 
    
    
   
 55,459 
    
    
   
 103,067 
    
 
   Gross increases in prior period tax positions 
    
   
 491 
    
    
   
 34,225 
    
    
   
 8,677 
    
 
   Gross decreases in prior period tax positions 
    
   
 (1,773 
 )  
    
   
 (1,510 
 )  
    
   
 (33,181 
 )  
 
   Gross increases in current period tax positions 
    
   
 32,547 
    
    
   
 8,470 
    
    
   
 10,353 
    
 
   Decreases related to settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (355 
 )  
    
   
 (58,652 
 )  
    
   
 (31,478 
 )  
 
   Decreases from the expiration of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (2,777 
 )  
    
   
 (2,576 
 )  
    
   
 (1,979 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 63,549 
    
    
   
 35,416 
    
    
   
 55,459 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   If the $63,549 balance as of December 27, 2015 is recognized, approximately $59,000 would decrease
the effective tax rate in the period in which each of the benefits is recognized. The remaining amount would be offset by the reversal of related deferred tax and other assets.    During 2015, 2014, and 2013 the Company recognized $1,422, $3,134 and $4,634, respectively, of potential interest and penalties, which are included as a component of income taxes in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. At December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, the Company had accrued potential interest and penalties of $4,778, $4,042 and $24,547, respectively.  
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and various state and international jurisdictions. In the
normal course of business, the Company is regularly audited by U.S. federal, state and local and international tax authorities in various tax jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before
2013. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. state or local and non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities in its major jurisdictions for years before 2009.  
 During 2014, as a result of amending 2010 through 2012 U.S. federal income tax returns and making similar adjustments identified in the
completion of the 2008 and 2009 U.S. Internal Revenue Service examinations, the Company recognized $12,159 of previously accrued unrecognized tax benefits including the reversal of related accrued interest, primarily related to the deductibility of
certain expenses. Of this amount, $324 was recorded as a reduction of deferred tax assets and the remainder as a reduction to income tax expense. The total income tax benefit from the amended returns, including other adjustments, was $13,480 during
the first quarter of 2014. The Company is currently under income tax examination in several U.S. state and local and non-U.S. jurisdictions.    During 2013, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service completed an examination related to the 2008 and 2009 U.S. federal income tax returns. As the result of the completion of this examination, unrecognized tax
benefits, which are included as a component of other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, decreased $67,174. Of this amount, $29,970 was recorded as an increase to current liabilities, $14,112 as a reduction of deferred tax assets and the
remainder as a reduction of income tax expense. The total income tax benefit resulting from the completion of the examination, including other adjustments, totaled $23,637 during 2013.  
 The Company had outstanding tax assessments in Mexico for the years 2000 to 2007 and for 2009 based on transfer pricing issues between the
Company’s subsidiaries with respect to the Company’s operations in Mexico. During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company and the Mexican tax authorities resolved these disputes which resulted in a cash payment of approximately $65,000 by
the Company to the Mexican tax authorities. During 2014, the income tax charge related to this resolution totaled $4,533. This settlement agreement resolved all of the outstanding tax assessments and also closed all other completed tax years through
and including 2013.  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of Hasbro’s international
subsidiaries held for indefinite reinvestment is approximately $2,219,000 at December 27, 2015. In the event that all international undistributed earnings were remitted to the United States, the amount of incremental taxes would be
approximately $548,000.    (11)     Capital Stock   
 In February 2015 the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchases of up to $500,000 in common stock after seven previous
authorizations dated May 2005, July 2006, August 2007, February 2008, April 2010, May 2011 and August 2013 with a cumulative authorized repurchase amount of $3,325,000 were fully utilized. Purchases of the Company’s
common stock may be made from time to time, subject to market conditions, and may be made in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization and the time,
actual number, and the value of the shares which are repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s common stock. In 2015, the Company repurchased 1,248 shares at an average price of $68.01. The total cost
of these repurchases, including transaction costs, was $84,894. At December 27, 2015, $479,283 remained under the current authorizations.  
 (12)     Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The Company measures certain assets at fair value in accordance with current accounting standards. The fair value hierarchy consists of three levels: Level 1 fair values are valuations based on quoted
market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access; Level 2 fair values are those valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not
active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and Level 3 fair values are valuations based on inputs that are supported by little or no market
activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. There have been no transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy.    Current accounting standards permit entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and establish presentation and disclosure requirements designed to
facilitate comparisons between entities that choose different measurement attributes for similar assets and liabilities. The Company has elected the fair value option for certain investments. At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014,
these investments totaled $22,539 and $23,560, respectively, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded net (losses) gains of $(682), $889 and $152 on these investments in
other (income) expense, net for the years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, respectively, relating to the change in fair value of such investments.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, the Company had the following
assets and liabilities measured at fair value in its consolidated balance sheets:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
 
   
    
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 
   


 
   December 27, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale securities 
    
 $ 
 26,015 
    
    
   
 3,476 
    
    
   
 11,247 
    
    
   
 11,292 
    
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 107,634 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 107,634 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 133,649 
    
    
   
 3,476 
    
    
   
 118,881 
    
    
   
 11,292 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 1,240 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,240 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Option agreement 
    
   
 28,360 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 28,360 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 29,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,240 
    
    
   
 28,360 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   December 28, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale securities 
    
 $ 
 28,042 
    
    
   
 4,482 
    
    
   
 17,773 
    
    
   
 5,787 
    
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 69,148 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 69,148 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 97,190 
    
    
   
 4,482 
    
    
   
 86,921 
    
    
   
 5,787 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 2,591 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,591 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Option agreement 
    
   
 25,340 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 25,340 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 27,931 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,591 
    
    
   
 25,340 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Available-for-sale securities include equity securities of one company quoted on an active public market
as well as certain investments valued at net asset values quoted on private markets that are not active. These net asset values are predominantly based on underlying investments which are traded on an active market; investments are redeemable within
45 days. The Company also holds an available-for-sale investment which invests in hedge funds which contain financial instruments that are valued using certain estimates which are considered unobservable in that they reflect the investment
manager’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believes that these estimates are the best information available for use in the fair value of this investment. The
Company’s derivatives consist primarily of foreign currency forward contracts. The Company used current forward rates of the respective foreign currencies to measure the fair value of these contracts. The option agreement included in other
liabilities at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 is valued using an option pricing model based on the fair value of the related investment. Inputs used in the option pricing model include volatility and fair value of the underlying
company which are considered unobservable inputs as they reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believes that this is the best information
available for use in the fair value measurement. There were no changes in these valuation techniques during 2015.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the fair value
measurements of the Company’s financial instruments which use significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 (19,553 
 )  
    
   
 5,484 
    
 
   Purchases 
    
   
 7,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 (7,924 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Issuance of option agreement 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (25,590 
 )  
 
   Net gains from change in fair value 
    
   
 2,809 
    
    
   
 553 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 (17,068 
 )  
    
   
 (19,553 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   (13)     Stock Options, Other Stock Awards and Warrants   
 Hasbro has reserved 11,217 shares of its common stock for issuance upon exercise of options and other awards granted or to be granted
under stock incentive plans for employees and for non-employee members of the Board of Directors (collectively, the “plans”). These awards generally vest and are expensed in equal annual amounts over three to five years. The plans provide
that options be granted at exercise prices not less than the market value of the underlying common stock on the date the option is granted and options and share awards are adjusted for such changes as stock splits and stock dividends. Options are
exercisable for periods of no more than seven years after date of grant. Upon exercise in the case of stock options, grant in the case of restricted stock or vesting in the case of performance based contingent stock and restricted stock unit grants,
shares are issued out of available treasury shares. The Company’s current plan permits the granting of awards in the form of stock, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash awards in addition to stock options.  
 Total compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock units, including those awards made to non-employee members of its
Board of Directors, and stock performance awards for the years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 was $53,880, $36,152 and $21,272, respectively, and was recorded as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 366 
    
    
   
 395 
    
    
   
 152 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 3,527 
    
    
   
 3,874 
    
    
   
 1,767 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 49,987 
    
    
   
 31,883 
    
    
   
 19,353 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 53,880 
    
    
   
 36,152 
    
    
   
 21,272 
    
 
   Income tax benefit 
    
   
 13,489 
    
    
   
 11,745 
    
    
   
 7,065 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 40,391 
    
    
   
 24,407 
    
    
   
 14,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The following table represents total compensation expense by award type related to stock
performance awards, restricted stock units, stock options and awards made to non-employee members of its Board of Directors, for the years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Stock performance awards 
    
 $ 
 27,960 
    
    
   
 11,315 
    
    
   
 815 
    
 
   Restricted stock units 
    
   
 19,052 
    
    
   
 15,643 
    
    
   
 8,732 
    
 
   Stock options 
    
   
 5,419 
    
    
   
 7,473 
    
    
   
 8,849 
    
 
   Non-employee awards 
    
   
 1,449 
    
    
   
 1,834 
    
    
   
 1,560 
    
 
   Cash-settled restricted stock units 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (113 
 )  
    
   
 1,316 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 53,880 
    
    
   
 36,152 
    
    
   
 21,272 
    
 
   Income tax benefit 
    
   
 13,489 
    
    
   
 11,745 
    
    
   
 7,065 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 40,391 
    
    
   
 24,407 
    
    
   
 14,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Stock Performance Awards  
 In 2015, 2014 and 2013, as part of its annual equity grant to executive officers and certain other employees, the Company issued
contingent stock performance awards (the “Stock Performance Awards”). These awards provide the recipients with the ability to earn shares of the Company’s common stock based on the Company’s achievement of stated cumulative
diluted earnings per share and cumulative net revenue targets over the three fiscal years ended December 2017, December 2016, and December 2015 for the 2015, 2014 and 2013 awards, respectively. Each 2014 and 2013 Stock Performance Award has a
target number of shares of common stock associated with such award which may be earned by the recipient if the Company achieves the stated diluted earnings per share and revenue targets while the 2015 Stock Performance Awards include an additional
return on invested capital target for certain employees in addition to the diluted earnings per share and revenue targets. The ultimate amount of the award may vary, depending on actual results. The 2013, 2014 and 2015 Awards may vary from 0% to
200% of the target number of shares.    Information with respect to Stock Performance Awards for 2015, 2014 and 2013 is as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 655 
    
    
   
 943 
    
    
   
 1,019 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 362 
    
    
   
 322 
    
    
   
 358 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (25 
 )  
    
   
 (32 
 )  
    
   
 (101 
 )  
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (578 
 )  
    
   
 (333 
 )  
 
   Vested 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 992 
    
    
   
 655 
    
    
   
 943 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 61.85 
    
    
   
 52.11 
    
    
   
 47.21 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
 $ 
 53.45 
    
    
   
 43.21 
    
    
   
 40.24 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 36.14 
    
    
   
 45.66 
    
 
   Vested 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 53.17 
    
    
   
 49.57 
    
    
   
 40.24 
    
 
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Shares granted in 2015 include 90 shares related to the 2013 award, reflecting an
increase in the ultimate amount of shares to be issued based on the Company’s actual results during the performance period. These shares are excluded from the calculation of the weighted average grant-date fair value of Stock Performance awards
granted in 2015. Shares cancelled in 2014 and 2013 represent the cancellation of the Stock Performance Awards granted during 2012 and 2011, respectively, based on failure to meet the targets set forth by the agreement.  
 During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized $27,960, $11,315 and $815, respectively, of expense relating to these awards. Awards
are valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the dates of grant and are expensed over the performance period. On a periodic basis the Company reviews the actual and forecasted performance of the Company against the stated targets
for each award. The total expense is adjusted upward or downward based on the expected amount of shares to be issued as defined in the agreement. If minimum targets as detailed under the award are not met, no additional compensation expense will be
recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense will be reversed. In the fourth quarter of 2013, it was determined that it was no longer probable that the minimum targets would be met for certain Stock Performance Awards grants and, as
a result, all previously recognized expense totaling $7,046 related to these awards was reversed. At December 27, 2015, the amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards is approximately $20,410 and the weighted average
period over which this will be expensed is 19 months.    Restricted Stock Units  
 The Company on occasion will issue restricted stock or grant restricted stock units to certain key employees. These shares or units are
nontransferable and subject to forfeiture for periods prescribed by the Company. These awards are valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and are subsequently amortized over the periods during which the
restrictions lapse, generally between three and five years. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized compensation expense, net of forfeitures, on these awards of $19,052, $15,643 and $8,732, respectively. At December 27, 2015, the
amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units is $28,566 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 22 months.    In October 2012, as part of an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer was awarded 587 shares to be granted in two tranches across 2013 and 2014. As of May
2013, both tranches met the accounting definition for grant date and, as such, are being expensed from 2013 through 2017. Expenses related to 2014 and 2013 are included in the aforementioned recognized and unrecognized compensation costs related to
restricted stock units. 468 shares of this award are considered granted in 2013 while the remaining 119 shares were granted in February 2014. These awards provide the recipient with the ability to earn shares of the Company’s common stock based
on the Company’s achievement of four stated stock price hurdles and continued employment through December 31, 2017. At the completion of the service period, the recipient will receive one quarter of the award for each stock price hurdle
achieved after April 24, 2013. The four stock price hurdles are $45, $52, $56 and $60 which must be met for a period of at least thirty days using the average closing price over such period. In August 2014, the Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement was further amended to include additional requirements. Specifically, if the third and fourth stock price hurdles are achieved, the number of shares ultimately issued will be dependent on the average stock price for the thirty day period
immediately prior to December 31, 2017. This amendment did not result in any incremental fair value to the award which is used to record compensation expense for the award.  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model to determine the fair value of
these awards. The following inputs were used in the simulation that resulted in an average grant date fair value for this award of $35.56:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Inputs 
   


 
   Grant date stock price 
    
 $ 
 47.28 
    
 
   Stock price volatility 
    
   
 26.12 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.65 
 %  
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 3.38 
 %  
   Excluding the aforementioned award for 587 shares, information with respect to the remaining Restricted
Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units for 2015, 2014 and 2013 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 937 
    
    
   
 702 
    
    
   
 296 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 254 
    
    
   
 281 
    
    
   
 451 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (52 
 )  
    
   
 (39 
 )  
    
   
 (44 
 )  
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (184 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 955 
    
    
   
 937 
    
    
   
 702 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 62.95 
    
    
   
 52.06 
    
    
   
 45.16 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
 $ 
 51.57 
    
    
   
 44.44 
    
    
   
 40.40 
    
 
   Vested 
    
 $ 
 39.87 
    
    
   
 41.19 
    
    
   
 33.62 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 51.22 
    
    
   
 45.74 
    
    
   
 43.10 
    
   Stock Options  
 Information with respect to stock options for the three years ended December 27, 2015 is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 4,186 
    
    
   
 5,543 
    
    
   
 9,283 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 549 
    
    
   
 684 
    
    
   
 776 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,280 
 )  
    
   
 (1,951 
 )  
    
   
 (4,377 
 )  
 
   Expired or forfeited 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
    
   
 (90 
 )  
    
   
 (139 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 3,445 
    
    
   
 4,186 
    
    
   
 5,543 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
   
 2,208 
    
    
   
 2,374 
    
    
   
 3,144 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average exercise price: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 61.77 
    
    
   
 52.11 
    
    
   
 47.21 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
 $ 
 37.54 
    
    
   
 31.07 
    
    
   
 26.99 
    
 
   Expired or forfeited 
    
 $ 
 46.38 
    
    
   
 39.85 
    
    
   
 39.59 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 46.41 
    
    
   
 41.68 
    
    
   
 36.63 
    
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
 $ 
 41.36 
    
    
   
 38.90 
    
    
   
 33.22 
    
 
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  With respect to the 3,445 outstanding options and 2,208 options exercisable at
December 27, 2015, the weighted average remaining contractual life of these options was 3.76 years and 2.84 years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the options outstanding and exercisable at December 27, 2015 was $73,115 and
$57,988, respectively. Substantially all unvested outstanding options are expected to vest.    The Company uses the Black-Scholes
valuation model in determining the fair value of stock options. The expected life of the options used in this calculation is the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and has been determined based on historical exercise
experience. The weighted average fair value of options granted in fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $9.29, $8.40 and $6.94, respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
with the following weighted average assumptions used for grants in the fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.34 
 %  
   
   
 1.42 
 %  
   
   
 0.62 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 2.98 
 %  
   
   
 3.30 
 %  
   
   
 3.39 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
   Expected option life 
    
   
 5 years 
    
   
   
 5 years 
    
   
   
 5 years 
    
   The intrinsic values, which represent the difference between the fair market value on the date of exercise
and the exercise price of the option, of the options exercised in fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $41,906, $44,890 and $89,534, respectively.    At December 27, 2015, the amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was $6,220 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 20 months.  
 Non-Employee Awards    In 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company granted 20, 34 and 33 shares of common stock, respectively, to its non-employee members of its Board of Directors. Of these shares, the receipt of 16 shares from the
2015 grant, 26 shares from the 2014 grant and 28 shares from the 2013 grant has been deferred to the date upon which the respective director ceases to be a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. These awards were valued at the market value
of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and vested upon grant. In connection with these grants, compensation cost of $1,449 was recorded in selling, distribution and administration expense in the year ended December 27, 2015, $1,834
in the year ended December 28, 2014 and $1,560 in the year ended December 29, 2013.    (14)     Pension,
Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits     Pension and Postretirement Benefits  
 The Company recognizes an asset or liability for each of its defined benefit pension plans equal to the difference between the projected
benefit obligation of the plan and the fair value of the plan’s assets. Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs that have not yet been included in income are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets in AOCE. Reclassifications to
earnings from AOCE related to pension and postretirement plans are recorded to selling, distribution and administration expense.  
 Expenses related to the Company’s defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were approximately
$36,000, $34,300 and $35,900, respectively. Of these amounts, $26,600, $28,100 and $23,000, respectively, related to defined contribution plans in the United States and certain international subsidiaries. The remainder of the expense relates to
defined benefit pension plans discussed below.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  United States Plans  
 Prior to 2008, substantially all United States employees were covered under at least one of several non-contributory defined benefit
pension plans maintained by the Company. Benefits under the two major plans which principally cover non-union employees, were based primarily on salary and years of service. One of these major plans is funded. Benefits under the remaining plans are
based primarily on fixed amounts for specified years of service. Of these remaining plans, the plan covering union employees is also funded. In 2007, for the two major plans covering its non-union employees, the Company froze benefits being accrued
effective at the end of December 2007. Following the August 2015 sale of its manufacturing facility in East Longmeadow, MA, the Company elected to freeze benefits related to its major plan covering union employees.  
 At December 27, 2015, the measurement date, the projected benefit obligations of the funded plans were in excess of the fair value of
the plans’ assets in the amount of $66,980 while the unfunded plans of the Company had an aggregate accumulated and projected benefit obligation of $34,751. At December 28, 2014 the projected benefit obligations of the funded plans were in
excess of the fair value of the plans’ assets in the amount of $73,398 while the unfunded plans of the Company had an aggregate accumulated and projected benefit obligation of $37,660.  
 Hasbro also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible employees who retire and have either
attained age 65 with 5 years of service or age 55 with 10 years of service. The cost of providing these benefits on behalf of employees who retired prior to 1993 is and will continue to be substantially borne by the Company. The cost of providing
benefits on behalf of substantially all employees who retire after 1992 is borne by the employee. The plan is not funded.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Reconciliations of the beginning and ending balances for the projected benefit
obligation, the fair value of plan assets and the funded status are included below for the years ended December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
    
 Postretirement 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation — beginning 
    
 $ 
 383,068 
    
    
   
 332,774 
    
    
   
 28,017 
    
    
   
 27,174 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 1,918 
    
    
   
 1,824 
    
    
   
 567 
    
    
   
 543 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,683 
    
    
   
 16,209 
    
    
   
 1,154 
    
    
   
 1,337 
    
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (17,968 
 )  
    
   
 59,640 
    
    
   
 (741 
 )  
    
   
 796 
    
 
   Curtailment 
    
   
 660 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (746 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (20,202 
 )  
    
   
 (25,690 
 )  
    
   
 (2,004 
 )  
    
   
 (1,833 
 )  
 
   Expenses paid 
    
   
 (2,099 
 )  
    
   
 (1,689 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation — ending 
    
 $ 
 361,060 
    
    
   
 383,068 
    
    
   
 26,247 
    
    
   
 28,017 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated benefit obligation — ending 
    
 $ 
 361,060 
    
    
   
 383,068 
    
    
   
 26,247 
    
    
   
 28,017 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in Plan Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets — beginning 
    
 $ 
 272,010 
    
    
   
 273,337 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 (3,414 
 )  
    
   
 20,385 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Employer contribution 
    
   
 13,034 
    
    
   
 5,667 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (20,202 
 )  
    
   
 (25,690 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Expenses paid 
    
   
 (2,099 
 )  
    
   
 (1,689 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets — ending 
    
 $ 
 259,329 
    
    
   
 272,010 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Reconciliation of Funded Status 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 (361,060 
 )  
    
   
 (383,068 
 )  
    
   
 (26,247 
 )  
    
   
 (28,017 
 )  
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 259,329 
    
    
   
 272,010 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Funded status 
    
   
 (101,731 
 )  
    
   
 (111,058 
 )  
    
   
 (26,247 
 )  
    
   
 (28,017 
 )  
 
   Unrecognized net loss 
    
   
 120,482 
    
    
   
 123,968 
    
    
   
 41 
    
    
   
 782 
    
 
   Unrecognized prior service cost (credit) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 187 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (3,401 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net amount recognized 
    
 $ 
 18,751 
    
    
   
 13,097 
    
    
   
 (26,206 
 )  
    
   
 (30,636 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (2,663 
 )  
    
   
 (2,990 
 )  
    
   
 (1,800 
 )  
    
   
 (2,100 
 )  
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 (99,068 
 )  
    
   
 (108,068 
 )  
    
   
 (24,447 
 )  
    
   
 (25,917 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 120,482 
    
    
   
 124,155 
    
    
   
 41 
    
    
   
 (2,619 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net amount recognized 
    
 $ 
 18,751 
    
    
   
 13,097 
    
    
   
 (26,206 
 )  
    
   
 (30,636 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In fiscal 2016, the Company expects amortization of unrecognized net losses related to its defined benefit
pension plans of $7,361 to be included as a component of net periodic benefit cost. The Company does not expect amortization in 2016 related to its postretirement plan.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Assumptions used to determine the year-end pension and postretirement benefit
obligations are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average discount rate 
    
   
 4.58 
 %  
   
   
 4.19 
 %  
 
   Mortality table 
    
     
 RP-2014/Scale BB 
       
   
     
 RP-2014/Scale BB 
       
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.64 
 %  
   
   
 4.23 
 %  
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
    
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 6.50 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend 
    
   
 2021 
    
   
   
 2020 
    
   The assets of the funded plans are managed by investment advisors. The fair values of the plan assets by
asset class and fair value hierarchy level (as described in note 12) as of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair value measurements using: 
   
 
   
    
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   2015 : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
 $ 
 27,600 
    
    
   
 27,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Small Cap 
    
   
 24,300 
    
    
   
 24,300 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 37,500 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 37,500 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,500 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,500 
    
 
   Fixed Income 
    
   
 122,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 122,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total Return Fund 
    
   
 27,700 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 27,700 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash Equivalents 
    
   
 17,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 17,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 259,300 
    
    
   
 51,900 
    
    
   
 204,900 
    
    
   
 2,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2014 : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
 $ 
 14,100 
    
    
   
 14,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Small Cap 
    
   
 18,000 
    
    
   
 18,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 34,300 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 34,300 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 36,400 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 36,400 
    
 
   Fixed Income 
    
   
 132,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 110,100 
    
    
   
 22,000 
    
 
   Total Return Fund 
    
   
 28,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 28,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash Equivalents 
    
   
 8,500 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 8,500 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 272,000 
    
    
   
 32,100 
    
    
   
 181,500 
    
    
   
 58,400 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Level 1 assets consist of investments traded on active markets that are valued using published closing
prices. The Plans’ Level 2 assets primarily consist of investments in common and collective trusts as well as  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
other private investment funds that are valued using the net asset values provided by the trust or fund. Although these trusts and funds are not traded in an active market with quoted prices, the
investments underlying the net asset value are based on quoted prices. The Company believes that these investments could be sold at amounts approximating the net asset values provided by the trust or fund. The Plans’ Level 3 assets consist of
an investment in a hedge fund which is valued using the net asset value provided by the investment manager as well as an investment in a public-private investment fund which is also valued using the net asset value provided by the investment
manager. The hedge fund contains investments in financial instruments that are valued using certain estimates which are considered unobservable in that they reflect the investment manager’s own assumptions about the inputs that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The public-private investment fund, which is included in fixed income investments above, invests in commercial mortgage-backed securities and non-agency residential mortgage-backed
securities. These securities are valued using certain estimates which are considered unobservable in that they reflect the investment manager’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The
Company believes that the net asset value is the best information available for use in the fair value measurement of this fund. Of the activity in Level 3 assets for 2015, $200 relates to purchases of investments, $59,800 relates to sales and
capital distributions, $3,600 relates to realized gains on assets sold during the period and $740 relates to the unrealized gains on plan assets still held at December 27, 2015.  
 Hasbro’s two major funded plans (the “Plans”) are defined benefit pension plans intended to provide retirement benefits to
participants in accordance with the benefit structure established by Hasbro, Inc. The Plans’ investment managers, who exercise full investment discretion within guidelines outlined in the Plans’ Investment Policy, are charged with managing
the assets with the care, skill, prudence and diligence that a prudent investment professional in similar circumstance would exercise. Investment practices, at a minimum, must comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) and any
other applicable laws and regulations.    The Plans’ asset allocations are structured to meet a long-term targeted total
return consistent with the ongoing nature of the Plans’ liabilities. The shared long-term total return goal, presently 7.00%, includes income plus realized and unrealized gains and/or losses on the Plans’ assets. Utilizing generally
accepted diversification techniques, the Plans’ assets, in aggregate and at the individual portfolio level, are invested so that the total portfolio risk exposure and risk-adjusted returns best meet the Plans’ long-term obligations to
employees. The Company’s asset allocation includes alternative investment strategies designed to achieve a modest absolute return in addition to the return on an underlying asset class such as bond or equity indices. These alternative
investment strategies may use derivatives to gain market returns in an efficient and timely manner; however, derivatives are not used to leverage the portfolio beyond the market value of the underlying assets. These alternative investment strategies
are included in other equity, total return fund and fixed income asset categories at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014. Plan asset allocations are reviewed at least quarterly and rebalanced to achieve target allocation among the
asset categories when necessary.    The Plans’ investment managers are provided specific guidelines under which they are to
invest the assets assigned to them. In general, investment managers are expected to remain fully invested in their asset class with further limitations of risk as related to investments in a single security, portfolio turnover and credit quality.
   With the exception of the alternative investment strategies mentioned above, the Plans’ Investment Policy restricts the
use of derivatives associated with leverage or speculation. In addition, the Investment Policy also restricts investments in securities issued by Hasbro, Inc. except through index-related strategies (e.g. an S&P 500 Index Fund) and/or commingled
funds. In addition, unless specifically approved by the Investment Committee (which comprises members of management, established by the Board to manage and control pension plan assets), certain securities, strategies, and investments are ineligible
for inclusion within the Plans.  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The following is a detail of the components of the net periodic benefit cost for the
three years ended December 27, 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Components of Net Periodic Cost 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 1,918 
    
    
   
 1,824 
    
    
   
 2,579 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,683 
    
    
   
 16,209 
    
    
   
 15,597 
    
 
   Expected return on assets 
    
   
 (18,538 
 )  
    
   
 (18,631 
 )  
    
   
 (17,761 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service cost 
    
   
 65 
    
    
   
 98 
    
    
   
 98 
    
 
   Amortization of actuarial loss 
    
   
 7,468 
    
    
   
 3,351 
    
    
   
 7,070 
    
 
   Curtailment/settlement losses 
    
   
 781 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 6,993 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 7,377 
    
    
   
 2,851 
    
    
   
 14,576 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 567 
    
    
   
 543 
    
    
   
 750 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 1,154 
    
    
   
 1,337 
    
    
   
 1,380 
    
 
   Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (304 
 )  
    
   
 (457 
 )  
    
   
 (264 
 )  
 
   Curtailment gain 
    
   
 (3,842 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost (income) 
    
 $ 
 (2,425 
 )  
    
   
 1,423 
    
    
   
 1,866 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See note 17 for additional information on the 2015 curtailment (gain) loss.  
 Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost of the pension plan and postretirement plan for each fiscal year follow:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average discount rate 
    
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 5.02 
 %  
   
   
 4.49 
 %  
 
   Long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.49 
 %  
   
   
 5.11 
 %  
   
   
 4.34 
 %  
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
    
   
 6.50 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
    
   
 2020 
    
   
   
 2020 
    
   
   
 2020 
    
   If the health care cost trend rate were increased one percentage point in each year, the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation at December 27, 2015 and the aggregate of the benefits earned during the period and the interest cost would have both increased by approximately 1.5%.  
 Hasbro works with external benefit investment specialists to assist in the development of the long-term rate of return assumptions used to
model and determine the overall asset allocation. Forecast returns are based on the combination of historical returns, current market conditions and a forecast for the capital markets for the next 5-7 years. All asset class assumptions are within
certain bands around the long-term historical averages. Correlations are based primarily on historical return patterns.  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Expected benefit payments under the defined benefit pension plans and the postretirement
benefit plan for the next five years subsequent to 2015 and in the aggregate for the following five years are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
    
 Postretirement 
   


 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 19,501 
    
    
   
 1,850 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 20,036 
    
    
   
 1,657 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 20,576 
    
    
   
 1,615 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 20,955 
    
    
   
 1,553 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 21,249 
    
    
   
 1,504 
    
 
   2021-2025 
    
   
 115,117 
    
    
   
 6,934 
    
   International Plans  
 Pension coverage for employees of Hasbro’s international subsidiaries is provided, to the extent deemed appropriate, through separate
defined benefit and defined contribution plans. At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, the defined benefit plans had total projected benefit obligations of $112,799 and $147,528, respectively, and fair values of plan assets of $85,752
and $102,375, respectively. Substantially all of the plan assets are invested in equity and fixed income securities. The pension expense related to these plans was $2,769, $3,363 and $4,085 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. In fiscal 2016, the
Company expects amortization of $(39) of prior service costs, $1,077 of unrecognized net losses and $2 of unrecognized transition obligation to be included as a component of net periodic benefit cost.  
 Expected benefit payments under the international defined benefit pension plans for the five years subsequent to 2015 and in the aggregate
for the five years thereafter are as follows: 2016: $1,647; 2017: $1,792; 2018: $1,974; 2019: $2,122; 2020: $2,251; and 2021 through 2025: $14,493.    Postemployment Benefits    Hasbro has several plans covering
certain groups of employees, which may provide benefits to such employees following their period of active employment but prior to their retirement. These plans include certain severance plans which provide benefits to employees involuntarily
terminated and certain plans which continue the Company’s health and life insurance contributions for employees who have left Hasbro’s employ under terms of its long-term disability plan.  
 (15)     Leases     Hasbro occupies offices and uses certain equipment under various operating lease arrangements. The rent expense under such arrangements, net of sublease income which is not material, for 2015, 2014 and
2013 amounted to $45,592, $47,026 and $44,511, respectively.    Minimum rentals, net of minimum sublease income, which is not
material, under long-term operating leases for the five years subsequent to 2015 and in the aggregate thereafter are as follows: 2016: $32,784; 2017: $26,683; 2018: $24,331; 2019: $21,640; 2020: $12,921; and thereafter: $15,480.  
 All leases expire prior to the end of 2025. Real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses are generally obligations of the
Company. It is expected that, in the normal course of business, leases that expire will be renewed or replaced by leases on other properties; thus, it is anticipated that future minimum lease commitments will not be less than the amounts shown for
2016.  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (16)     Derivative Financial Instruments   
 Hasbro uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected
future foreign currency transactions. These over-the-counter contracts, which hedge future currency requirements related to purchases of inventory, product sales and other cross-border transactions not denominated in the functional currency of the
business unit, are primarily denominated in United States and Hong Kong dollars, and Euros. All contracts are entered into with a number of counterparties, all of which are major financial institutions. The Company believes that a default by a
single counterparty would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. Hasbro does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.  
 Cash Flow Hedges    Hasbro uses foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign currency transactions. All of the Company’s
designated foreign currency forward contracts are considered to be cash flow hedges. These instruments hedge a portion of the Company’s currency requirements associated with anticipated inventory purchases and other cross-border transactions in
years 2016 through 2020.    At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, the notional amounts and fair values of assets
(liabilities) for the Company’s foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Hedged transaction 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Inventory purchases 
    
 $ 
 1,380,488 
    
    
   
 108,521 
    
    
   
 863,232 
    
    
   
 69,049 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 97,350 
    
    
   
 803 
    
    
   
 139,946 
    
    
   
 829 
    
 
   Royalties and Other 
    
   
 54,360 
    
    
   
 (1,886 
 )  
    
   
 51,213 
    
    
   
 (1,008 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,532,198 
    
    
   
 107,438 
    
    
   
 1,054,391 
    
    
   
 68,870 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The Company has a master agreement with each of its counterparties that allows for the
netting of outstanding forward contracts. The fair values of the Company’s foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014 as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 78,910 
    
    
   
 46,594 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (5,932 
 )  
    
   
 (11,508 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 72,978 
    
    
   
 35,086 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 35,366 
    
    
   
 34,234 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (710 
 )  
    
   
 (172 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 34,656 
    
    
   
 34,062 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 447 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (725 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 (278 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 241 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (437 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (196 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Net gains (losses) on cash flow hedging activities have been reclassified from other comprehensive
earnings to net earnings for the years ended December 27, 2015, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Classification 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 66,378 
    
    
   
 973 
    
    
   
 1,523 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 (9,219 
 )  
    
   
 (3,741 
 )  
    
   
 3,585 
    
 
   Royalties and other 
    
   
 (566 
 )  
    
   
 (2,028 
 )  
    
   
 (1,096 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net realized (losses) gains 
    
 $ 
 56,593 
    
    
   
 (4,796 
 )  
    
   
 4,012 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In addition, net gains of $1,169, $62 and $164 were reclassified to earnings as a result of hedge
ineffectiveness in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    Undesignated Hedges  
 The Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the impact of changes in the fair value of intercompany loans
due to foreign currency changes. The Company does not use hedge accounting for these contracts as changes in the fair values of these contracts are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of the intercompany loans. As of December 27,
2015 and December 28, 2014, the total notional amount of the Company’s undesignated derivative instruments was $341,389 and $294,571, respectively.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  At December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, the fair value of the
Company’s undesignated derivative financial instruments are recorded to accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 416 
    
   
   
 1,733 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (1,460 
 )  
   
   
 (4,046 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (1,044 
 )  
   
   
 (2,313 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company recorded net gains (losses) of $48,489, $(32,106) and $(8,791) on these instruments to other
(income) expense, net for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, relating to the change in fair value of such derivatives, substantially offsetting gains and losses from the change in fair value of intercompany loans to which the instruments relate.
   For additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments see notes 2, 9 and 12.  
 (17)     Sale of Manufacturing Operations     On August 30, 2015, the Company completed the sale of its manufacturing operations to Cartamundi NV (“Cartamundi”) for approximately $54,400, approximately $18,600 of which was received on
the date of sale with the remainder to be paid in 5 annual installments. Under the terms of the purchase and sale agreement, Cartamundi acquired the inventory and property, plant and equipment related to manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow,
MA and the common stock of the Company’s manufacturing subsidiary in Waterford, Ireland. Inclusive of this transaction and other related costs, the Company recognized a gain of $6,573 on the sale recorded in other (income) expense, net in the
consolidated statements of operations. These operations were a component of the Company’s Global Operations segment.    In
connection with this transaction, the Company also entered into a manufacturing services agreement under which Cartamundi will provide manufacturing services over a 5-year term. In connection with this agreement, the Company has agreed to minimum
purchase commitments from Cartamundi over the term of the agreement. The Company and Cartamundi are also party to a warehousing agreement under which the Company leases designated warehouse space at the East Longmeadow, MA location, as well as a
transition services agreement related to certain administrative functions each party is providing each other during a defined transition period. In connection with this transaction, the Company froze the benefits of one of its funded defined benefit
pension plans covering union employees. In connection with these actions, the Company recognized a net curtailment benefit of $3,061 related to net prior service credits in the related defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans. This benefit
is recorded in selling, distribution and administration expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has retained the frozen defined benefit pension plans related to its former employees of its East Longmeadow, MA and
Waterford, Ireland businesses.    (18)     Commitments and Contingencies   
 Hasbro had unused open letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $24,444 and $167,117 at December 27, 2015 and
December 28, 2014, respectively. Included in the amount for 2014, was $146,410 of bonds related to tax assessments in Mexico which were settled in December 2014. See note 10 for additional discussion.  
 The Company enters into license agreements with strategic partners, inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties
in its products. Certain of these agreements contain provisions for the payment of guaranteed or minimum royalty amounts. Under terms of existing agreements as of December 27, 2015, Hasbro
 
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
may, provided the other party meets their contractual commitment, be required to pay amounts as follows: 2016: $43,585; 2017: $64,633; 2018: $62,337; 2019: $56,209; 2020: $16,709; and thereafter:
$13,015. At December 27, 2015, the Company had $124,360 of prepaid royalties, $47,519 of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $76,841 of which are included in other assets.  
 In addition to the above commitments, certain of the above contracts impose minimum marketing commitments on the Company. The Company may
be subject to additional royalty guarantees totaling $170,000 that are not included in the amounts above that may be payable during the next five years contingent upon the quantity and types of theatrical movie releases by the licensor.  
 In connection with the Company’s agreement to form a joint venture with Discovery, the Company is obligated to make future payments
to Discovery under a tax sharing agreement. The Company estimates these payments may total approximately $84,800 and may range from approximately $6,400 to $8,000 per year during the period 2016 to 2020, and approximately $49,100 in aggregate for
all years occurring thereafter. These payments are contingent upon the Company having sufficient taxable income to realize the expected tax deductions of certain amounts related to the joint venture.  
 In connection with the Company’s purchase of a majority stake in Backflip, the Company may be required to purchase the remaining 30%
in the future contingent on the achievement by Backflip of certain predetermined financial performance metrics. The Company does not know the ultimate timing that these predetermined financial performance metrics may be met and, thereby, cannot
currently estimate the purchase price of the remaining 30%. See note 1 for additional discussion.    At December 27, 2015,
the Company estimates payments related to inventory and tooling purchase commitments may total approximately $920,500, including contractual commitments under the manufacturing agreement with Cartamundi as follows: 2016: $119,472; 2017: $113,376;
2018: $107,279; 2019: $101,183; and 2020: $80,144. For additional information about these commitments, see note 17.    Hasbro is
party to certain legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and unasserted claims. Amounts accrued, as well as the total amount of reasonably possible losses with respect to such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed to be
material to the consolidated financial statements.    (19)     Segment Reporting   
 Segment and Geographic Information    Hasbro is a worldwide leader in children’s and family leisure time products and services with a broad portfolio of brands and entertainment properties marketed across toys, games and licensed
products ranging from traditional to high-tech and digital, and film and television entertainment. The Company’s segments are (i) U.S. and Canada, (ii) International, (iii) Entertainment and Licensing, and (iv) Global
Operations.    The U.S. and Canada segment includes the marketing and selling of action figures, arts and crafts and creative
play products, electronic toys and related electronic interactive products, fashion and other dolls, infant products, play sets, preschool toys, plush products, sports action blasters and accessories, vehicles and toy-related specialty products, as
well as traditional board games and puzzles, and trading card and role-playing games primarily within the United States and Canada. Within the International segment, the Company markets and sells both toy and game products in markets outside of the
U.S. and Canada, primarily in the European, Asia Pacific, and Latin and South American regions. The Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment includes the Company’s lifestyle licensing, digital gaming, movie and television
entertainment operations. The Global Operations segment is responsible for manufacturing and sourcing finished products for the Company’s U.S. and Canada and International segments. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company sold its
remaining manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland.  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Segment performance is measured at the operating profit level. Included in Corporate and
eliminations are certain corporate expenses, including substantially all costs incurred related to the recent business restructurings, the elimination of intersegment transactions and certain assets benefiting more than one segment. Intersegment
sales and transfers are reflected in management reports at amounts approximating cost. Certain shared costs, including global development and marketing expenses and corporate administration, are allocated to segments based upon expenses and foreign
exchange rates fixed at the beginning of the year, with adjustments to actual expenses and foreign exchange rates included in Corporate and eliminations. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those referenced in note 1.  
 Results shown for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 are not necessarily those which would be achieved if each segment was an unaffiliated
business enterprise.    Information by segment and a reconciliation to reported amounts are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Revenues from External Customers 
   
    
 Affiliate Revenue 
   
   
 Operating Profit (Loss) 
   
   
 Depreciation and Amortization 
   
    
 Capital Additions 
   
    
 Total Assets 
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,225,518 
    
    
   
 5,339 
    
   
   
 430,707 
    
   
   
 14,946 
    
    
   
 3,508 
    
    
   
 2,654,270 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 1,971,875 
    
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 255,365 
    
   
   
 20,434 
    
    
   
 7,029 
    
    
   
 2,345,847 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 244,685 
    
    
   
 23,144 
    
   
   
 76,868 
    
   
   
 16,251 
    
    
   
 387 
    
    
   
 567,753 
    
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 5,431 
    
    
   
 1,583,665 
    
   
   
 12,022 
    
   
   
 70,794 
    
    
   
 83,304 
    
    
   
 2,410,142 
    
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1,612,163 
 )  
   
   
 (83,029 
 )  
   
   
 32,902 
    
    
   
 47,794 
    
    
   
 (3,257,295 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,447,509 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 691,933 
    
   
   
 155,327 
    
    
   
 142,022 
    
    
   
 4,720,717 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,022,443 
    
    
   
 5,957 
    
   
   
 334,702 
    
   
   
 20,689 
    
    
   
 1,131 
    
    
   
 3,663,497 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 2,022,997 
    
    
   
 170 
    
   
   
 270,505 
    
   
   
 23,086 
    
    
   
 3,063 
    
    
   
 2,422,046 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 219,465 
    
    
   
 22,401 
    
   
   
 60,550 
    
   
   
 21,827 
    
    
   
 807 
    
    
   
 783,878 
    
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 12,302 
    
    
   
 1,564,654 
    
   
   
 15,767 
    
   
   
 69,442 
    
    
   
 71,763 
    
    
   
 2,433,888 
    
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1,593,182 
 )  
   
   
 (46,149 
 )  
   
   
 22,922 
    
    
   
 36,624 
    
    
   
 (4,785,209 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,277,207 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 635,375 
    
   
   
 157,966 
    
    
   
 113,388 
    
    
   
 4,518,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,006,079 
    
    
   
 4,412 
    
   
   
 313,746 
    
   
   
 21,459 
    
    
   
 553 
    
    
   
 3,066,301 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 1,872,980 
    
    
   
 401 
    
   
   
 235,482 
    
   
   
 25,036 
    
    
   
 13,908 
    
    
   
 2,233,115 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 190,955 
    
    
   
 20,521 
    
   
   
 45,476 
    
   
   
 22,647 
    
    
   
 468 
    
    
   
 691,795 
    
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 12,143 
    
    
   
 1,508,303 
    
   
   
 6,712 
    
   
   
 65,477 
    
    
   
 62,696 
    
    
   
 2,172,816 
    
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1,533,637 
 )  
   
   
 (134,323 
 )  
   
   
 46,366 
    
    
   
 34,406 
    
    
   
 (3,770,806 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 467,093 
    
   
   
 180,985 
    
    
   
 112,031 
    
    
   
 4,393,221 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Global Operations segment derives substantially all of its revenues, and thus its operating results, from intersegment activities.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Certain long-term assets, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles, which benefit multiple operating segments, are
included in Corporate and eliminations. Allocations of certain  
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   

 
 
   
 
expenses related to these assets to the individual operating segments are done at the beginning of the year based on budgeted amounts. Any differences between actual and budgeted amounts are
reflected in Corporate and eliminations. Furthermore, Corporate and eliminations includes elimination of inter-company income statement transactions. One such example includes licensing and service arrangements with affiliates. Payments received in
advance from affiliates are recognized as revenue and eliminated in consolidation as earned and payment becomes assured over the life of the contract. During 2015 and 2014, affiliate licensing and service fees of $265,595 and $541,036, respectively,
that were received in 2014 and 2013, respectively, were recognized as revenue and eliminated in consolidation. Corporate and eliminations also includes the elimination of inter-company balance sheet amounts.  
 The following table represents consolidated International segment net revenues by major geographic region for the three fiscal years ended
December 27, 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Europe 
    
 $ 
 1,236,846 
    
    
   
 1,258,078 
    
    
   
 1,190,350 
    
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 426,109 
    
    
   
 463,512 
    
    
   
 407,710 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 308,920 
    
    
   
 301,407 
    
    
   
 274,920 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,971,875 
    
    
   
 2,022,997 
    
    
   
 1,872,980 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents consolidated net revenues by classes of principal products for the three
fiscal years ended December 27, 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Boys 
    
 $ 
 1,775,917 
    
    
   
 1,483,952 
    
    
   
 1,237,611 
    
 
   Games 
    
   
 1,276,532 
    
    
   
 1,259,782 
    
    
   
 1,311,205 
    
 
   Girls 
    
   
 798,240 
    
    
   
 1,022,633 
    
    
   
 1,001,704 
    
 
   Preschool 
    
   
 596,820 
    
    
   
 510,840 
    
    
   
 531,637 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,447,509 
    
    
   
 4,277,207 
    
    
   
 4,082,157 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Information as to Hasbro’s operations in different geographical areas is presented below on the basis
the Company uses to manage its business. Net revenues are categorized based on location of the customer, while long-lived assets (property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles) are categorized based on their location.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 2,278,613 
    
    
   
 2,040,476 
    
    
   
 1,960,477 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 2,168,896 
    
    
   
 2,236,731 
    
    
   
 2,121,680 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,447,509 
    
    
   
 4,277,207 
    
    
   
 4,082,157 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 932,790 
    
    
   
 977,035 
    
    
   
 1,021,063 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 178,239 
    
    
   
 178,420 
    
    
   
 185,520 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,111,029 
    
    
   
 1,155,455 
    
    
   
 1,206,583 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Principal international markets include Europe, Canada, Mexico and Latin America,
Australia, and Hong Kong.    Other Information  
 Hasbro markets its products primarily to customers in the retail sector. Although the Company closely monitors the creditworthiness of its
customers, adjusting credit policies and limits as deemed appropriate, a substantial portion of its customers’ ability to discharge amounts owed is generally dependent upon the overall retail economic environment.  
 Sales to the Company’s three largest customers, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, amounted
to 16%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues during 2015, 16%, 9% and 8%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues during 2014 and 16%, 10% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues during 2013. These sales were primarily
within the U.S. and Canada segment.    Hasbro purchases certain components used in its manufacturing process and certain finished
products from manufacturers in the Far East. The Company’s reliance on external sources of manufacturing can be shifted, over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply for products it sells, should such changes be necessary. However,
if the Company were prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of its current Far East suppliers due to political, labor or other factors beyond its control, the Company’s operations would be disrupted, potentially for a
significant period of time, while alternative sources of product were secured. The imposition of trade sanctions, quotas or other protectionist measures by the United States or the European Union against a class of products imported by Hasbro from,
or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China could significantly increase the cost of the Company’s products imported into the United States or Europe.  
 The Company has agreements which allow it to develop and market products based on properties owned by third parties including its license
with Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”) and its license with Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together “Lucas”). These licenses have multi-year terms and provide the Company with the
right to market and sell designated classes of products based on Marvel’s portfolio of brands, including SPIDER-MAN and THE AVENGERS, and Lucas’ STAR WARS brand. Hasbro’s net revenues from these licenses can be significant in any
given year based on the level of third party entertainment. Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company.  
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (20)     Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Quarter 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
    
 Second 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Fourth 
   
    
 Full Year 
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 713,500 
    
    
   
 797,658 
    
    
   
 1,470,997 
    
    
   
 1,465,354 
    
    
   
 4,447,509 
    
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 54,205 
    
    
   
 75,500 
    
    
   
 303,527 
    
    
   
 258,701 
    
    
   
 691,933 
    
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 34,315 
    
    
   
 53,646 
    
    
   
 284,617 
    
    
   
 231,337 
    
    
   
 603,915 
    
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 25,821 
    
    
   
 40,282 
    
    
   
 206,375 
    
    
   
 174,394 
    
    
   
 446,872 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 26,667 
    
    
   
 41,809 
    
    
   
 207,599 
    
    
   
 175,763 
    
    
   
 451,838 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.21 
    
    
   
 0.33 
    
    
   
 1.66 
    
    
   
 1.41 
    
    
   
 3.61 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 0.21 
    
    
   
 0.33 
    
    
   
 1.64 
    
    
   
 1.39 
    
    
   
 3.57 
    
 
   Market price 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 63.47 
    
    
   
 78.91 
    
    
   
 84.42 
    
    
   
 79.93 
    
    
   
 84.42 
    
 
   Low 
    
   
 51.42 
    
    
   
 61.13 
    
    
   
 60.38 
    
    
   
 64.91 
    
    
   
 51.42 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 0.46 
    
    
   
 0.46 
    
    
   
 0.46 
    
    
   
 0.46 
    
    
   
 1.84 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Quarter 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
    
 Second 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Fourth 
   
    
 Full Year 
   


 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 679,453 
    
    
   
 829,262 
    
    
   
 1,469,899 
    
    
   
 1,298,593 
    
    
   
 4,277,207 
    
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 43,448 
    
    
   
 82,564 
    
    
   
 285,814 
    
    
   
 223,549 
    
    
   
 635,375 
    
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 25,995 
    
    
   
 64,517 
    
    
   
 244,054 
    
    
   
 205,422 
    
    
   
 539,988 
    
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 31,514 
    
    
   
 32,820 
    
    
   
 180,155 
    
    
   
 168,821 
    
    
   
 413,310 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 32,087 
    
    
   
 33,475 
    
    
   
 180,457 
    
    
   
 169,911 
    
    
   
 415,930 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.24 
    
    
   
 0.26 
    
    
   
 1.42 
    
    
   
 1.35 
    
    
   
 3.24 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 0.24 
    
    
   
 0.26 
    
    
   
 1.40 
    
    
   
 1.34 
    
    
   
 3.20 
    
 
   Market price 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 55.67 
    
    
   
 56.91 
    
    
   
 55.78 
    
    
   
 59.42 
    
    
   
 59.42 
    
 
   Low 
    
   
 47.48 
    
    
   
 51.08 
    
    
   
 48.01 
    
    
   
 52.74 
    
    
   
 47.48 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 0.43 
    
    
   
 0.43 
    
    
   
 0.43 
    
    
   
 0.43 
    
    
   
 1.72 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
 None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    The Company
maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures as of December 27, 2015. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective.    Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Hasbro’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Hasbro’s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2015. In making its
assessment, Hasbro’s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).” Based on this assessment, Hasbro’s management
concluded that, as of December 27, 2015, its internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Hasbro’s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on internal control over
financial reporting, which is included herein.  
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders    Hasbro,
Inc.:    We have audited Hasbro, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2015, based on criteria
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 In our opinion, Hasbro, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2015, based
on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.    We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows and shareholders’ equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 27, 2015, and our report dated February 24, 2016
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.    /s/ KPMG LLP  
 Providence, Rhode Island    February 24,
2016  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Changes in Internal Controls  
 There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the
Exchange Act, during the quarter ended December 27, 2015, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting.  
 The Company is currently in the process of a multi-year global initiative to upgrade its existing SAP system and implement enhanced global
practices. During the second quarter of 2010, the SAP upgrade was completed for the U.S. and Canada operations. During the first quarter of 2011, the implementation of the SAP upgrade along with consolidation of certain business activities was
completed in the Company’s European business. During the first quarter of 2013, the implementation of the SAP upgrade was completed for the Company’s Latin America business. During the first quarter of 2014, the implementation of the SAP
upgrade was completed for a majority of the Company’s Asia Pacific marketing and selling subsidiaries. In 2015, the implementation of the SAP upgrade was completed for the Company’s sourcing operations in the Far East and certain other
operations. There were no significant changes in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting resulting from the completion of these phases of the project.  
   
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information.     None.    PART III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
 Certain of the information required by this item is contained under the captions “Election of Directors”, “Governance of
the Company” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 The information required by this item with respect to executive officers of the Company is included in Part I of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” and is incorporated herein by reference.    The
Company has a Code of Conduct, which is applicable to all of the Company’s employees, officers and directors, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. A copy of the Code of Conduct is
available on the Company’s website under the Corporate, Investors, Corporate Governance tabs. The Company’s website address is http://www.hasbro.com. Although the Company does not generally intend to provide waivers of or amendments to the
Code of Conduct for its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, or other officers or employees, information concerning any waiver of or amendment to the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Controller, or any other executive officers or directors of the Company, will be promptly disclosed on the Company’s website in the location where the Code of Conduct is posted.  
 The Company has also posted on its website, in the Corporate Governance location referred to above, copies of its Corporate Governance
Principles and of the charters for its (i) Audit, (ii) Compensation, (iii) Finance, (iv) Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility, and (v) Executive Committees of its Board of Directors.  
 In addition to being accessible on the Company’s website, copies of the Company’s Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance
Principles, and charters for the Company’s five Board Committees, are all available free of charge upon request to the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Barbara Finigan, at 1027 Newport
Avenue, P.O. Box 1059, Pawtucket, R.I. 02861-1059.      
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation.     The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Compensation of Directors”, “Executive Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”,
“Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by
reference.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Voting Securities and Principal Holders Thereof”,
“Security Ownership of Management” and “Equity Compensation Plans” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Governance of the Company” and “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.     The information required by this item is contained under the caption “Additional Information Regarding Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Company’s definitive proxy
statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.    PART IV  
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.     (a) Consolidated Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits    (1)  Consolidated Financial Statements     Included in PART II of this report:
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2015, 2014 and 2013  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2015, 2014 and 2013
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2015, 2014 and 2013
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests for the Three
Fiscal Years Ended in December 2015, 2014 and 2013    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (2)  Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules     Included in PART IV of this report:    Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm on the Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule    For the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2015, 2014 and
2013:    Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not required or are not applicable, or the required
information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. Columns omitted from schedules filed have been omitted because the information is not applicable.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC.    Annual Report on Form  10-K     For
the Year Ended December 27, 2015    Exhibit Index  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 3. 
   
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2,
2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 28, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 19, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(d) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2006, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 6,
2014, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 5,
2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10,
2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (h) 
    
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preference Stock of Hasbro, Inc. dated June 29, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (i) 
    
 Certificate of Vote(s) authorizing a decrease of class or series of any class of shares. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 4. 
   
 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of July 17, 1998, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 14, 1998, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2000, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company
of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b)(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2007, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 17, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2009, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 11, 2010, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2014, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 10. 
   
 Material Contracts 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2015, by and among Hasbro, Inc., Hasbro SA, Bank of America, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBS Citizens, N.A. and the other banks party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Form of Commercial Paper Deal Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011, File No.
1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Form of Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011, File No.
1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 License Agreement, dated February 17, 2009, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29,
2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Amendment, dated September 27, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have
been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Amendment, dated December 15, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been
omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December
25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Amendment, dated July 19, 2013, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been
omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25, 2013, File No.
1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (h) 
    
 Agreement with TOMY Company, Ltd. relating to TRANSFORMERS, as amended to date. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (i) 
    
 Amended and Restated Hub Television Networks LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, as amended September 23, 2014, between the Company, Discovery Communications, LLC, Hub
Television Networks LLC and Discovery Communications, Inc. 
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 
    
 (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2014, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements 
 
 
   
 (j) 
    
 Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 31, 1989, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (k) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated as of March 10, 2000, to Form of Employment Agreement included as Exhibit 10(j) above. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ff) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (l) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated December 12, 2007, to Form of Employment Agreement included as Exhibit 10(j) above. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ee) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (m) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 1990,
File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (n) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (o) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 27, 2004, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (p) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (q) 
    
 Form of Director’s Indemnification Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December
30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (r) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 26, 1993, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (s) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (t) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated July 17, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (u) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated December 15, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (v) 
    
 Fourth Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (w) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (x) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s 2009 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (y) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (z) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (aa) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (bb) 
    
 Form of Fair Market Value Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga
and Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (cc) 
    
 Form of Fair Market Value Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (dd) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and
Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ee) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ff) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and Deborah
Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (gg) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 30, 2014,  File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (hh) 
    
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated May 22, 2008, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ii) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aaa) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (jj) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2015 Performance Rewards Program. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015,
File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (kk) 
    
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 4, 2012, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current
Report on Form 8-K dated as of October 11, 2012, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ll) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated August 5, 2014, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 4, 2012, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of August 6, 2014, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (mm) 
    
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Wiebe Tinga, dated March 4, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended March 31, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (nn) 
    
 Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld dated August 30, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (oo) 
    
 Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hhh) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (pp) 
    
 Second Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ggg) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (qq) 
    
 Third Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld effective as of November 1, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(yy) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 29, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (rr) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2014 Senior Management Annual Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ss) 
    
 Form of Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of
the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2015, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (tt) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan for Designated Senior Executives. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as
of May 23, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (uu) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Clawback Policy. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of October 11, 2012, File No.
1-6682.) 
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
      
   


 
         12. 
   
 
      
 Statement re-computation of ratios. 
 
         21. 
   
 
      
 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 
         23. 
   
 
      
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 
         31.1 
   
 
      
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
         31.2 
   
 
      
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
         32.1* 
   
 
      
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
         32.2* 
   
 
      
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
         101.INS 
   
 
      
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
         101.SCH 
   
 
      
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
         101.CAL 
   
 
      
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
         101.LAB 
   
 
      
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
         101.PRE 
   
 
      
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
         101.DEF 
   
 
      
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
     
 
 
 * 
 Furnished herewith.    The Company
agrees to furnish the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each agreement with respect to long-term debt of the Company, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders    Hasbro,
Inc.:    Under date of February 24, 2016, we reported on the consolidated balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as
of December 27, 2015 and December 28, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows, and shareholders’ equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests for each of the fiscal years in
the three-year period ended December 27, 2015, as contained in the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also
audited the related consolidated financial statement schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts included in the Form 10-K. This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audits.    In our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.  
 /s/ KPMG LLP  
 Providence, Rhode Island    February 24,
2016  
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning 
of Year 
   
    
 Expense (Benefit) 
   
    
 Other Additions 
   
    
 Write-Offs and Other 
   
   
 Balance at End of Year 
   


 
   Valuation accounts deducted from assets to which they apply — for doubtful accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 15,900 
    
    
   
 2,400 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (3,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,900 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 19,000 
    
    
   
 800 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (3,900 
 )  
   
 $ 
 15,900 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2013 
    
 $ 
 19,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (600 
 )  
   
 $ 
 19,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    HASBRO, INC.  
 (Registrant)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   By: 
   
   /s/    Brian D. Goldner 
   
 Date: February 24, 2016 
 
 
   
 Brian D. Goldner 
   
 
 
 
   
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
   
 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Brian D. Goldner         
 Brian D. Goldner 
    
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Deborah M. Thomas         
 Deborah M. Thomas 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Basil L.
Anderson         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Basil L. Anderson 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Alan R.
Batkin         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Alan R. Batkin 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Kenneth A.
Bronfin         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Kenneth A. Bronfin 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Michael R.
Burns         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Michael R. Burns 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Sir Crispin
Davis         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Sir Crispin Davis 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Lisa Gersh         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Lisa Gersh 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Alan G.
Hassenfeld         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Alan G. Hassenfeld 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Tracy A.
Leinbach         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Tracy A. Leinbach 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Edward M.
Philip         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Edward M. Philip 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Richard S.
Stoddart         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Richard S. Stoddart 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Linda K.
Zecher         
    
 Director 
   
 February 24, 2016 
 
 Linda K. Zecher 
    
 
   
 
 
      113
 

 
 
 
