
 10-K
 1
 clorox_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT
 

 
 
    
 

 
 
 Table of
Contents 
 
 

 UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20549 ____________________
 FORM
10-K ____________________  
 

   
     ☑ 
           
     
     Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
   
     
       
     for
      the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 
   
       
     
     OR 
   
     ☐ 
     
     Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 

   
     for
      the transition period from   _______  to
      _______. 
   
     Commission file number:
1-07151 
 THE CLOROX
COMPANY (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)   
 
 

   
     Delaware 
            
     31-0595760 
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer 
   
     incorporation or organization) 
     
     Identification Number) 
 1221 Broadway, Oakland,
California 94612-1888 (Address
of principal executive offices) (ZIP code) 
 
 (510)
271-7000 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
 
 

   
     Title of each class 
            
     Name of each exchange on which
      registered 
   
     Common Stock–$1.00 par value 
     
     New
      York Stock Exchange 
 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of class)  
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes ☑. No ☐. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
☐. No
☑. 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
☑.
No ☐. 

 


 
 Table of
Contents 


 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). Yes ☑. No ☐. 

 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,”
“accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):    
 
 
	 
 Large accelerated filer ☑ 
	 
	 
 Accelerated filer ☐ 
	 
	 
 Non-accelerated filer ☐ 
	 
	 
 Smaller reporting company ☐ 
	 
 
 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐. No ☑. 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2014 (the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $13.7 billion.    
 As of July 31, 2015, there were 128,643,834 shares of the registrant’s common
stock outstanding.  
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference:    
 
 Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), to be filed within 120 days after June 30, 2015, are incorporated by reference into
Part III, Items 10 through 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 
 

 


 


 Table of
Contents 
 THE CLOROX COMPANY
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2015  TABLE OF
CONTENTS   
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     Page 
   
     Part I 
         
     Item 1. 
           
     Business 
     1 
   
     
     
     Item
      1.A. 
     
     Risk
      Factors 
     5 
   
     
     
     Item 1.B. 
     
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     18 
   
     
     
     Item
      2. 
     
     Properties 
     18 
   
     
     
     Item 3. 
     
     Legal Proceedings 
     18 
   
     
     
     Item
      4. 
     
     Mine
      Safety Disclosures 
     18 
   
     Part II 
     
     Item 5. 
     
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity,
      Related Stockholder Matters and 
     
   
     
     
     
     
             Issuer
      Purchases of Equity Securities 
     21 
   
     
     
     Item
      6. 
     
     Selected Financial Data 
     21 
   
     
     
     Item 7. 
     
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
      Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     22 
   
     
     
     Item
      7.A. 
     
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 
     22 
   
     
     
     Item 8. 
     
     Financial Statements and Supplementary
      Data 
     22 
   
     
     
     Item
      9. 
     
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
      Financial Disclosure 
     22 
   
     
     
     Item 9.A. 
     
     Controls and Procedures 
     22 
   
     
     
     Item
      9.B. 
     
     Other Information 
     22 
   
     Part III 
     
     Item 10. 
     
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
      Governance 
     23 
   
     
     
     Item
      11. 
     
     Executive Compensation 
     23 
   
     
     
     Item 12. 
     
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
      Owners and Management and Related 
               
     
   
     
     
     
     
           
       Stockholder Matters 
     23 
   
     
     
     Item
      13. 
     
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
      Independence 
     23 
   
     
     
     Item 14. 
     
     Principal Accounting Fees and
    Services 
     23 
   
     Part IV 
     
     Item
      15. 
     
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
     24 
   
     Signatures 
     
     
     
     
     29 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 PART I 
 This Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 (this Report), including the
exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein, contains
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and such forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties. Except for historical information,
matters discussed below, including statements about future volume, sales, costs,
cost savings, earnings, cash flows, plans, objectives, expectations, growth or
profitability, are forward-looking statements based on management’s estimates,
assumptions and projections. Words such as “could,” “may,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,”
“seeks,” “estimates” and variations on such words, and similar expressions that
reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial
performance, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and
uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed
below. Important factors that could affect performance and cause results to
differ materially from management’s expectations are described in the sections
entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in this Report, as updated from time to
time in the Company’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
filings. 
 The Company’s forward-looking
statements in this Report are based on management’s current views and
assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by the federal securities
laws. 
 In this Report, unless the
context requires otherwise, the terms “the Company” and “Clorox” refer to The
Clorox Company and its subsidiaries. 
 ITEM 1.
BUSINESS   
 Overview of
Business   
 The Clorox Company is a
leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional
products with approximately 7,700 employees worldwide as of June 30, 2015, and
fiscal year 2015 net sales of $5.7 billion. Clorox sells its products primarily
through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors, and
medical supply distributors. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and
recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning
products, Pine-Sol ®  cleaners, Liquid-Plumr ®  clog removers,
Poett ®  home care products, Fresh Step ®  cat litter,
Glad ®  bags, wraps and containers, Kingsford ®  charcoal,
Hidden Valley ®  dressings and sauces, Brita ® 
water-filtration products and Burt’s Bees ®  natural personal care
products. The Company also markets brands through professional services
channels, including infection control products for the healthcare industry under
Clorox Healthcare ® , HealthLink ® , Aplicare ®  and
Dispatch ®  brands. The Company manufactures products in more than a
dozen countries and markets them in more than 100 countries. More than 80% of
the Company’s sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2
market share positions in their categories. The Company was founded in Oakland,
Calif. in 1913 and is incorporated in Delaware. 
 The Company’s 2020 strategy,
which was introduced in fiscal year 2014, focuses on delivering long-term,
profitable growth and strong stockholder returns. The Company’s long-term
financial goals include annual net sales growth of 3-5%, market share growth,
annual EBIT margin growth of between 25-50 basis points and annual free cash
flow as a percentage of net sales of about 10-12%.  
 In fiscal year 2015, the
Company delivered strong results including 3% net sales growth and a 4% increase
in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations despite a difficult
environment, particularly in International markets that included unfavorable
foreign exchange rates and slowing economies. The Company focused on driving
profitable growth in its U.S. business, including continuing to invest in
innovation and increasing brand investments to drive category growth and market
share improvements. In particular, the Company launched new products in many
categories in fiscal year 2015, including Clorox ®  ScrubSingles™;
Clorox ®  Triple Action Dust Wipes; Burt’s Bees ®  facial
products; Burt’s Bees ®  lip crayons; new flavors of Burt’s
Bees ®  lip balms; Glad ®  OdorShield ® 
Gain ®  Original Scent; new flavors of Hidden Valley ® 
dressings; Fresh Step ®  light weight cat litter; and
Kingsford ®  lightweight charcoal, among others. The Company also
continued its focus on delivering cost savings to offset the impact of
inflation, particularly on the cost of manufacturing and distributing its
products. 
 1 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Internationally, the Company
faced particularly difficult political and economic challenges in Venezuela. For
nearly three years and in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company’s
affiliate, Corporación Clorox de Venezuela S.A. (Clorox Venezuela), was required
to sell more than two-thirds of its products at prices frozen by the Venezuelan
government. During this same period, Venezuela experienced cumulative
triple-digit inflation resulting in significant increases in Clorox Venezuela's
input costs leading to ongoing operating losses. Consequently, Clorox Venezuela
discontinued operations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 and its results
are reflected in discontinued operations in the Company’s Consolidated
Statements of Earnings. 
 In fiscal year 2015, the
Company also faced economic challenges in Argentina, including significant
currency declines and inflation. However, the Company was able to partially
offset these economic factors by implementing price increases and delivering
cost savings in Argentina. 
 To partially offset economic
challenges in international markets, including foreign currency declines and
slowing economies, the Company focused on cost savings, operational efficiencies
and, wherever possible, implemented price increases in order to mitigate high
inflation. Despite the slowing of certain international economies, the Company’s
international business continued to play an important strategic role, with No. 1
and No. 2 brands in  multiple  countries. In addition, the Company continued to expand
its Burt’s Bees ®  brand internationally. 
 In fiscal year 2015, the
Company repurchased approximately 4 million shares of its common stock for $434
million, returned $385 million in dividends to stockholders and announced a 4%
increase in its quarterly dividend, payable in August 2015. 
 Finally, the Company continued
its commitment to corporate responsibility by maintaining strong and transparent
environmental, social and governance practices. In fiscal year 2015, the Company
continued to reduce its water and energy use, waste to landfill and its
greenhouse gas emissions, receiving two Climate Leadership Awards from the
Environmental Protection Agency. The Company was also recognized as one of the
most responsible companies by Corporate Responsibility magazine and one of the
greenest companies in the 2015 Newsweek Green Rankings. In fiscal year 2015, The
Clorox Company Foundation awarded approximately $4 million in cash grants, and
the Company made product donations valued at approximately $4 million and
contributed another $1 million to deserving nonprofits through cause marketing
programs for social and charitable causes. 
 For additional information on
recent business developments, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” in Exhibit 99.1, incorporated
herein by reference. 
 Financial Information About
Operating Segments and Principal Products  
 The Company operates through
strategic business units that are aggregated into four reportable
segments: Cleaning,
      Household, Lifestyle and International. The four reportable segments
      consist of the following: 
 

   
     ● 
     
       Cleaning  consists of
      laundry, home care and professional products marketed and sold in the
      United States. Products within this segment include laundry additives,
      including bleach products under the Clorox ®  brand and Clorox
      2 ®  stain fighter and color booster; home care products,
      primarily under the Clorox ® , Formula 409 ® ,
      Liquid-Plumr ® , Pine-Sol ® , S.O.S ®  and
      Tilex ®  brands; naturally derived products under the Green
      Works ®  brand; and professional cleaning and disinfecting
      products under the Clorox ® , Dispatch ® ,
      Aplicare ® , HealthLink ®  and Clorox
      Healthcare ®  brands. 
   
     ● 
     
       Household  consists of charcoal, cat litter and
      plastic bags, wraps and container products marketed and sold in the United
      States. Products within this segment include plastic bags, wraps and
      containers under the Glad ®  brand; cat litter products under the
      Fresh Step ® , Scoop Away ®  and Ever Clean ® 
      brands; and charcoal products under the Kingsford ®  and Match
      Light ®  brands. 
 2 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 

   
     ● 
     
       Lifestyle  consists of food products, water-filtration
      systems and filters and natural personal care products marketed and sold
      in the United States. Products within this segment include dressings and
      sauces, primarily under the Hidden Valley ® , KC
      Masterpiece ®  and Soy Vay ®  brands; water-filtration
      systems and filters under the Brita ®  brand; and natural
      personal care products under the Burt’s Bees ®  brand.
     
   
     ● 
     
       International  consists of products sold outside the
      United States. Products within this segment include laundry, home care,
      water-filtration, charcoal and cat litter products, dressings and sauces,
      plastic bags, wraps and containers and natural personal care products,
      primarily under the Clorox ® , Glad ® ,
      PinoLuz ® , Ayudin ® , Limpido ® ,
      Clorinda ® , Poett ® , Mistolin ® ,
      Lestoil ® , Bon Bril ® , Brita ® , Green
      Works ® , Pine-Sol ® , Agua Jane ® ,
      Chux ® , Kingsford ® , Fresh Step ® , Scoop
      Away ® , Ever Clean ® , KC Masterpiece ® ,
      Hidden Valley ®  and Burt’s Bees ®  brands.
     
 Three of the Company’s product
lines have accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net sales during each of
the past three fiscal years. In fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, sales of
liquid bleach represented approximately 14%, 13% and 14% of the Company’s
consolidated net sales, respectively, approximately 26% of net sales for each
such years in the Cleaning segment, and approximately 27%, 28% and 28% of net
sales in the International segment, respectively. Sales of trash bags
represented approximately 14%, 13% and 13% of the Company’s consolidated net
sales in each of the fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively,
approximately 38%, 36% and 37% of net sales in the Household segment,
respectively, and approximately 8%, 8% and 10% of net sales in the International
segment, respectively. Sales of charcoal represented approximately 11%, 11% and
10% of the Company’s consolidated net sales and approximately 34%, 34% and 32%
of net sales in the Household segment in fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. 
 Information about the results
of each of the Company’s reportable segments for the last three fiscal years and
total assets as of the end of the last three fiscal years, reconciled to the
consolidated amounts, is set forth below. For additional information, refer to
the information set forth under the caption “Segment Results from Continuing
Operations” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,” in Exhibit 99.1. 
 

   
     (Dollars in millions) 
     
     Fiscal Year 
     
     Cleaning 
     
     Household 
     
     Lifestyle 
     
     International 
     
     Corporate 
     
     Total Company 
   
     Net sales 
           
     2015 
           
     $      
     
     1,824 
           
     $      
     
     1,794 
           
     $      
     
     950 
           
     $      
     
     1,087 
           
     $        
     - 
     
           
     $      
     
     5,655 
   
     
     
     2014 
     
     
     1,776 
     
     
     1,709 
     
     
     936 
     
     
     1,093 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     
     5,514 
   
     
     
     2013 
     
     
     1,783 
     
     
     1,693 
     
     
     929 
     
     
     1,128 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     
     5,533 
   
     Earnings (losses) from 
     
                  
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     continuing operations before 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     income taxes 
     
     2015 
     
     
     445 
     
     
     375 
     
     
     257 
     
     
     79 
     
     
     (235 
     ) 
     
     
     921 
   
     
     
     2014 
     
     
     428 
     
     
     326 
     
     
     258 
     
     
     99 
     
     
     (227 
     ) 
     
     
     884 
   
     
     
     2013 
     
     
     420 
     
     
     336 
     
     
     259 
     
     
     95 
     
     
     (258 
     ) 
     
     
     852 
   
     Total assets 
     
     2015 
     
     
     876 
     
     
     725 
     
     
     860 
     
     
     1,057 
     
     
     646 
     
     
     
     4,164 
   
     
     
     2014 
     
     
     887 
     
     
     745 
     
     
     869 
     
     
     1,190 
     
     
     567 
     
     
     
     4,258 
 Principal Markets and
Methods of Distribution   
 In the United States, most of
the Company’s products are nationally advertised and sold to mass merchandisers,
warehouse clubs, and dollar, military and other types of retail stores primarily
through a direct sales force, and to grocery stores and grocery wholesalers
primarily through a combination of direct sales teams and a network of brokers.
The Company sells institutional, janitorial, and food-service versions of many
of its products through distributors, and sells healthcare products through a
direct sales force and medical supply distributors. Outside the United States,
the Company sells products to the retail trade through subsidiaries, licensees,
distributors and joint-venture arrangements with local partners. Additionally,
the Company sells many of its products through online retailers and sells its
Burt’s Bees ®  natural personal care products directly to consumers
online. 
 3 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Financial Information About
Foreign and Domestic Operations 
 
 For detailed financial
information about the Company’s foreign and domestic operations, including net
sales and property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic area, see the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1. 
 Sources and Availability of
Raw Materials   
 The Company purchases raw
materials from numerous unaffiliated domestic and international suppliers, some
of which are sole-source or single-source suppliers. Interruptions in the
delivery of these materials could adversely impact the Company. Key raw
materials used by the Company include resin, diesel, sodium hypochlorite,
corrugated cardboard and agricultural commodities. Sufficient raw materials were
available during fiscal year 2015 but costs for many materials continued to
increase amid volatility and inflation in some key geographic and commodity
markets, which the Company expects to continue in fiscal year 2016. The Company
generally utilizes supply and forward-purchase contracts to help ensure
availability and help manage the volatility of the pricing of raw materials
needed in its operations. However, the Company is nonetheless highly exposed to
changes in the prices of commodities used as raw materials in the manufacturing
of its products. For further information regarding the impact of changes in
commodity prices, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in Exhibit 99.1 and “Risk Factors –
Volatility and increases in the costs of raw materials, energy, transportation,
labor and other necessary supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits
and cash flow” in Item 1.A. 
 Patents and
Trademarks   
 Most of the Company’s brand
name consumer products are protected by registered trademarks. The Company’s
brand names and trademarks are highly important to its business, and the Company
vigorously protects its trademarks from apparent infringements. Maintenance of
brand equity value is critical to the Company’s success. The Company’s patent
rights are also material to its business and are asserted, where appropriate,
against apparent infringements. 
 Seasonality
 
 Most sales of the Company’s
charcoal products occur in the first six months of each calendar year. A
moderate seasonality trend also occurs in the net sales of the Company’s Burt’s
Bees ®  natural personal care products, with slightly more than half of
the annual net sales occurring during the months of October through March.
Short-term borrowings may be used to fund inventories of those products in the
off season. 
 Customers  
 Net sales to the Company’s
largest customer, Walmart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, were 26%, 27% and 27%
of consolidated net sales for each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively, and occurred in each of the Company’s reportable
segments. No other customers accounted for more than 10% of consolidated net
sales in any of these fiscal years. During fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the
Company’s five largest customers accounted for 45% of its consolidated net sales
for each of the three fiscal years. 
 Competition 
 The markets for consumer
products are highly competitive. Most of the Company’s products compete with
other nationally advertised brands within each category and with “private label”
brands. Competition comes from similar and alternative products, some of which
are produced and marketed by major multinational or national companies having
financial resources greater than those of the Company. Depending on the product,
the Company’s products compete on product performance, brand recognition, price,
value or other benefits to consumers. A newly introduced consumer product
(whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition
requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade
merchandising support. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it typically
requires continued advertising and promotional support and ongoing product
improvements to maintain its relative market position. For further information
regarding the intense competition the Company faces, see “Risk Factors – The
Company faces intense competition in its markets, which could lead to reduced
net sales, profitability and cash flow” in Item 1.A. 
 4 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Research and Development
 
 The Company conducts research
and development primarily at its facility located in Pleasanton, Calif., which
the Company has leased since 2011. The Pleasanton facility consists of
approximately 357,000 square feet of leased space, utilizing state-of-the-art
labs and open work spaces to encourage creativity, collaboration and innovation.
In addition to the leased facility in Pleasanton, Calif., the Company conducts
research and development activities in Meriden, Ct.; Kennesaw, Ga.; Willowbrook,
Il.; Midland, Mi.; Durham, NC; Cincinnati, Oh.; and Buenos Aires,
Argentina. 
 The Company devotes
significant resources and attention to product development, process technology
and consumer insight research to develop commercially viable consumer-preferred
products with innovative and distinctive features. The Company incurred expenses
of $136 million, $125 million and $130 million in fiscal years 2015, 2014 and
2013, respectively, on direct research activities relating to the development of
new products and/or the improvement of existing products. In addition, the
Company obtains technologies from third parties for use in its products.
Royalties relating to such technologies are reflected in the Company’s cost of
sales. For further information regarding the Company’s research and development
costs, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” in Exhibit 99.1. 
 Environmental
Matters   
 For information regarding
noncapital expenditures related to environmental matters, see the discussions
below under “Risk Factors – Environmental matters create potential liabilities
that could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations or financial
condition” in Item 1.A. No material capital expenditures relating to
environmental compliance are presently anticipated. 
 Number of Persons
Employed   
 As of June 30, 2015, the
Company employed approximately 7,700 people. 
 Available
Information   
 The Company’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and  amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or  15(d)
of the Exchange Act are available on the Company’s website, free of  charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the
reports are electronically  filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are available at  TheCloroxCompany.com under
Investors/Financial Reporting/SEC Filings.  Information relating to corporate governance at Clorox, including the
Company’s  Code of Conduct, the Clorox Company Board of Directors Governance Guidelines and  Board Committee charters,
including charters for the Management Development and  Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nominating and
Governance  Committee, is available at TheCloroxCompany.com under Corporate  Responsibility/Performance/Corporate Governance
or http://www.thecloroxcompany.com/corporate-responsibility/performance/corporate-governance.  The Company will provide any
of the foregoing information without charge upon  written request to Corporate Communications, The Clorox Company, 1221
Broadway,  Oakland, CA 94612-1888. The information contained on the Company’s website is  not included as a part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this  Report. 
 ITEM 1.A. RISK
FACTORS   
 The risks and uncertainties
set forth below, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Report or
in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional
risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are
not currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s
business operations and financial results. 
 5 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company faces intense
competition in its markets, which could lead to reduced net sales, profitability
and cash flow.   
 The Company faces intense
competition from consumer product companies both in the United States and in its
international markets. Most of the Company’s products compete with other widely
advertised brands within each product category. The Company also faces
competition from retailers, including club stores, dollar stores and mass
merchandisers, which are increasingly offering “private label” brands that are
typically sold at lower prices and compete with the Company’s products in
certain categories. During times of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to
purchase more “private label” or other economy brands. Increased purchases of
“private label” products could reduce sales volumes of the Company’s
higher-margin products or there could be a shift in product mix to lower-margin
offerings. 
 The Company’s products
generally compete on the basis of product performance, brand recognition, price,
value or other benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and
packaging also have significant impacts on consumer purchasing decisions, and
the Company is increasingly using digital media marketing and promotional
programs to reach consumers. A newly introduced consumer product (whether
improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring
substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade
merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it typically requires
continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain
its relative market position. If the Company’s advertising, marketing and
promotional programs, including its use of digital media to reach consumers, are
not effective or adequate, the Company’s sales and volume may be negatively
impacted. 
 Some of the Company’s
competitors are larger than the Company and have greater financial resources.
These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and
promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond
more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than the Company
can. In addition, the Company’s competitors may attempt to gain market share by
offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by the Company.
Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on
advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices, which could lead to reduced
profits and adversely affect growth. 
 Uncertain worldwide,
regional and local economic conditions and financial market volatility may
negatively impact the Company and consumers of its products, which would
negatively affect the Company’s financial performance and
liquidity. 
 Although the Company continues
to devote significant resources to support its brands, uncertain economic
conditions may continue to negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s
products. Consumers may also be sensitive to economic uncertainty or unfavorable
economic conditions and reduce discretionary spending, which may lead to reduced
sales volumes or cause a shift in the Company’s product mix from higher-margin
to lower-margin products. Consumers may increase purchases of lower-priced or
“private label” products, and the Company’s competitors may increase levels of
advertising and promotional activity for lower-priced products as they seek to
maintain sales volumes during uncertain economic times, which may negatively
impact the Company’s sales and volume. 
 6 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Global markets continued to
experience significant disruptions during fiscal year 2015, and continuing
volatility, particularly in Argentina, could continue to harm the Company’s
business. In addition, financial market volatility could adversely affect the
Company’s liquidity and capital resources. Uncertain economic conditions and
financial market volatility may also adversely affect the financial condition of
the Company’s customers, suppliers and other business partners. If customers’
financial conditions are severely affected, customers may reduce their purchases
of the Company’s products or the Company may not be able to collect accounts
receivable, each of which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
operations or financial results. 
 Sales growth objectives may
be difficult to achieve, and price increases, market and category declines and
changes to the Company’s product and geographic mix may adversely impact the
Company’s financial results. 
 A large percentage of the
Company’s revenues comes from mature markets that are subject to high levels of
competition. During fiscal year 2015, approximately 82% of the Company’s net
sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for cleaning products are
generally characterized by high household penetration. The Company’s ability to
achieve sales growth depends on its ability to drive growth through innovation,
expansion into new product categories, channels and countries, investment in its
established brands and enhanced merchandising and its ability to capture market
share from competitors. If the Company is unable to increase market share in
existing product lines, develop product improvements, undertake sales, marketing
and advertising initiatives that grow its product categories and develop,
acquire or successfully launch new products, it may not achieve its sales growth
objectives. Even when the Company is successful in increasing market share
within particular product categories, a decline in the markets for such product
categories can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial
results. 
 In addition, changes to the
mix of products the Company sells, as well as the mix of countries in which its
products are sold, can adversely impact the Company’s operating expenses, the
amount of revenue and the timing of revenue recognition, which could cause its
profitability and cash flow to suffer. The Company’s financial outlook assumes a
certain volume and product mix of sales, and if actual results vary from this
projected volume and product mix of sales, the Company’s operations and results
could be negatively affected. 
 The Company is subject to
risks related to its international operations.  
 In fiscal year 2015,
approximately 18% of the Company’s net sales were generated in international
markets, including approximately  4%  of the Company’s net sales in Argentina. The
Company faces and will continue to face substantial risks associated with having
foreign operations, including the following: 
 

   
     ● 
     
       economic or political instability,
      particularly in Argentina;  
   
     ● 
     
       price controls and related government
      actions, particularly in Argentina where the devaluation of the Argentine
      peso and high inflation have negatively affected the Company’s net sales
      and net earnings;  
   
     ● 
     
       risks related to the Company’s discontinued
      operations in Venezuela;  
   
     ● 
     
       foreign currency fluctuations, currency
      controls and inflation, which may adversely affect the Company’s ability
      to do business in certain markets and reduce the U.S. dollar value of
      revenues, profits or cash flows it receives from non-U.S. markets;
       
   
     ● 
     
       difficulty in obtaining non-local currency
      (e.g., U.S. dollars) to pay for the raw materials needed to manufacture
      the Company’s products and contract-manufactured products;
   
   
     ● 
     
       restrictions on or costs related to the
      repatriation of foreign profits to the United States, including possible
      taxes or withholding obligations on any repatriations, particularly in
      Argentina;  
 

   
     ● 
     
       the imposition of tariffs, trade
      restrictions, import and export laws or other government actions
      generating a negative impact on the Company’s business;  
   
     ● 
     
       the possibility of nationalization,
      expropriation of assets or other similar government actions;
   
   
     ● 
     
       difficulties in hiring and retaining
      qualified employees;  
   
     ● 
     
       civil unrest, work stoppages and labor
      disputes;  
   
     ● 
     
       employment litigation related to employees,
      contractors and suppliers, particularly in Argentina;  
   
 7 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 

 
 
     ● 
     
       difficulties in obtaining or
      unavailability of raw materials;  
   
     ● 
     
       increased credit risk of customers,
      suppliers and distributors;  
   
     ● 
     
       potential harm to third parties, the
      Company’s employees and/or surrounding communities, and related
      liabilities, from the use, storage and transportation of chlorine in
      certain international markets where chlorine is used in the production of
      bleach;  
   
     ● 
     
       difficulties in enforcing intellectual
      property and contractual rights;  
   
     ● 
     
       lack of well-established or reliable, and
      impartial legal systems in certain countries where the Company operates;
      and  
   
     ● 
     
       challenges relating to enforcement of or
      compliance with local laws and regulations and with U.S. laws affecting
      operations outside of the United States, including without limitation, the
      Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.  



 Argentina presents a difficult
operating environment, including price controls on some of the Company’s
products, a devaluing currency and inflation. More broadly, the risks described
above could have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s ability to
commercialize its products on a competitive basis in international markets and
may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial
position. For example, the Company’s inability to raise prices as a result of
price controls could continue to adversely affect the Company’s margins,
profitability and cash flow, and make it difficult for the Company to offset
other risks, such as high inflation. The Company’s small sales volume in some
countries, relative to some multinational and local competitors, could
exacerbate such risks. 
 In addition, the Company is
exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks with respect to its sales,
profits and cash flow driven by movements of the U.S. dollar relative to other
currencies. Although the Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign
currency risks, these hedges only offset a small portion of the Company’s
exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and, therefore, the Company’s reported
earnings may be negatively affected by changes in foreign exchange
rates. 
 Inflation is another risk
associated with the Company’s international operations. For example, Argentina
could in the future be designated as a highly inflationary economy. Gains and
losses resulting from the remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar monetary assets and
liabilities of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are
recorded in net earnings. Other countries in which the Company operates may also
become highly inflationary or such countries’ currencies may be devalued, or
both, which may negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial
results. 
 For further information
regarding Argentina, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in Exhibit 99.1. 
 8 
 

 
 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company is subject to
risks related to its discontinued operations in Venezuela.  
 On September 22, 2014, the
Company’s Venezuela subsidiary announced that it was discontinuing its
operations, effective immediately, and seeking to sell its assets. On September
26, 2014, the Company reported that Venezuelan Vice President Jorge Arreaza
announced, with endorsement by President Nicolás Maduro, that the Venezuelan
government had occupied the production facilities of the Company’s Venezuela
subsidiary. On November 6, 2014, the Company reported that the Venezuelan
government had published a resolution granting a government-sponsored Special
Administrative Board full authority to restart and operate the business formerly
operated by the Company’s Venezuela subsidiary, thereby reaffirming the
government’s expropriation of its assets. Further, President Nicolás Maduro
announced the government’s intention to facilitate the resumed production of
bleach and other cleaning products at the Venezuela plants. The Venezuelan
government’s actions raise grave concerns, as the production of cleaning
products, in particular bleach, is a highly specialized and technical process.
Any restarting of operations in Venezuela is or would be without the consent or
involvement of the Company and its affiliates, and any resumed production
processes would be outside the Company’s control. The Company has advised
repeatedly that it and its affiliates cannot be responsible for the safety of
any workers and the surrounding communities or for the safety, quality or
effectiveness of any product that may be produced under the Venezuelan
government’s takeover or any use of the names and trademarks of the Company and
its affiliates. Nevertheless, the Company may face liabilities or costs
associated with any such unauthorized resumption of operations by the Venezuelan
government or others.  
 Volatility and increases in
the costs of raw materials, energy, transportation, labor and other necessary
supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits and cash flow.
 
 Volatility and increases in
the costs of raw materials, including resin, sodium hypochlorite, linerboard,
soybean oil, solvent, corrugated cardboard and other chemicals and agricultural
commodities, or increases in the cost of energy, transportation, labor and other
necessary supplies or services may harm the Company’s profits and operating
results. We distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by rail
and truck. Reduced availability of rail or trucking could cause us to incur
unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or
receive our raw materials in a timely manner.  
 The Company believes commodity
and other cost increases are possible in the future. If such increases occur or
exceed the Company’s estimates and the Company is not able to increase the
prices of its products or achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases,
its profits and operating results will be harmed. In addition, if the Company
increases the prices of its products in response to increases in the cost of
commodities, and commodity costs decline, the Company may not be able to sustain
its price increases. Sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as
competitors may not adjust their prices or customers may decide not to pay the
higher prices, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share.
While the Company seeks to project tradeoffs between price increases and volume,
its projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases,
which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.
 
 To reduce the cost volatility
associated with anticipated commodity purchases, the Company uses derivative
instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. The extent of the Company’s
derivative position at any given time depends on the Company’s assessment of the
markets for these commodities, the cost volatility in the markets and the cost
of the derivative instruments. Many of the commodities used by the Company in
its products do not have actively traded derivative instruments. If the Company
does not or is unable to take a derivative position and costs subsequently
increase, or if it institutes a position and costs subsequently decrease, the
Company’s costs may be greater than anticipated or higher than its competitors’
costs and the Company’s financial results could be adversely affected. For
further information regarding the Company’s use of derivative instruments, see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” in Exhibit 99.1.  
 Reliance on a limited base
of suppliers may result in disruptions to the Company’s business.
 
 The Company relies on a
limited number of suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs,
including sole-source and single-source suppliers for certain of its raw
materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary
supplies. New suppliers may have to be qualified under governmental, industry
and Company standards, which can require additional investment and time. The
Company could experience disruptions in production and its financial results and
relationships with customers could be adversely affected if the Company is
unable to qualify any needed new suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and
relationships, if it is unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity,
quality and price levels needed for its business or if any of the Company’s key
suppliers becomes insolvent, experiences financial distress or environmental,
economic or other outside factors impact its operations.  
 9 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company may not
successfully develop and introduce new products and line extensions or
successfully expand into adjacent categories and countries, which could
adversely impact its financial results.  
 The Company’s future
performance and growth depends on innovation and its ability to successfully
develop or license and introduce new products, brands, line extensions and
product improvements or enter into or expand into adjacent product categories,
sales channels or countries. The Company cannot be certain that it will
successfully achieve its innovation goals. The development and introduction of
new products require substantial and effective research and development and
marketing expenditures, which the Company may be unable to recoup if the new
products do not gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, effective and
integrated systems are required for the Company to gather and use consumer data
and information to successfully market its products. New product development and
marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product  categories in which the Company has limited or no
prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development
or launch delays, which could result in the Company not being first to market
and the failure of new products, brands and line extensions to achieve
anticipated levels of market acceptance. If product introductions or new or
expanded adjacencies are not successful, costs associated with these efforts may
not be fully recouped and the Company’s profits could be adversely affected. In
addition, if sales generated by new products cause a decline in sales of the
Company’s existing products, the Company’s operating and financial results could
be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Dependence on key customers
could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results
of operations.  
 A limited number of customers
account for a large percentage of the Company’s net sales. Net sales to the
Company’s largest customer, Walmart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, were 26%,
27% and 27% of consolidated net sales for each of the fiscal years ended June
30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and occurred in each of the Company’s
reportable segments. No other individual customer accounted for more than 10% of
consolidated net sales in any of these fiscal years. During fiscal years 2015,
2014 and 2013, the Company’s five largest customers accounted for 45% of its
consolidated net sales for each of the three fiscal years. The Company expects
that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be derived from a
small number of customers. As a result, changes in the strategies of the
Company’s largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they
carry or a shift of shelf space to “private label” or competitors’ products, may
harm the Company’s sales and reduce the ability of the Company to offer new
innovative and improved products to consumers.   
 In addition, the Company’s
business is based primarily upon individual sales orders, and the Company
typically does not enter into long-term contracts with its customers.
Accordingly, these customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease
buying products from the Company at any time and for any reason. If the Company
does not effectively respond to the demands of its customers, they could
decrease their purchases from the Company, causing the Company’s sales and
profits to decline. Furthermore, unfavorable market conditions or competitive
pressures may cause the Company’s customers to reevaluate the number and mix of
brands they sell, resulting in lower purchases of the Company’s products by
these customers.   
 The Company continues to see
retailer consolidation both in the United States and internationally. This trend
has resulted in the increased size and influence of large consolidated
retailers, who may change their business strategies, demand lower pricing or
special packaging or impose other burdensome requirements on product suppliers.
These business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics, a shift in
focus away from branded products toward “private label” or other aspects of the
customer-supplier relationship. These large consolidated companies could also
exert additional competitive pressure on the Company’s other customers, which
could in turn lead to such customers demanding lower pricing or special
packaging or imposing other onerous requirements on the Company. If the Company
ceases doing business with a significant customer or if sales of its products to
a significant customer materially decrease due to customer inventory reductions
or otherwise, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations may be harmed.   


 10 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Government regulations
could impose material costs.   
 Generally, the manufacture,
packaging, labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the Company’s
products and the conduct of its business operations must all comply with
extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the
United States, many of the Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental
Protection Agency, the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Product
Safety Commission, and the Company’s product claims and advertising are
regulated by the Federal Trade Commission, among other regulatory agencies. Most
states have agencies that regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. The
Company’s international operations are also subject to regulation in each of the
foreign jurisdictions in which it manufactures or distributes its products.
There is also a risk of potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption in
certain foreign jurisdictions and related difficulties in maintaining effective
internal controls. Additionally, the Company could be subject to inquiries or
investigations by governmental and other regulatory bodies. Any determination
that the Company’s operations or activities are not in compliance with
applicable law could expose the Company to significant fines, penalties or other
sanctions that may harm the business and reputation of the Company.  
 In particular, because of the
Company’s extensive international operations, we could be adversely affected by
violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide
anti-bribery laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide
anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate
compliance with these anti-bribery laws, we cannot provide assurance that our
internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or
criminal acts committed by our employees, joint-venture partners or agents.
Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our
business and adversely affect our reputation and our business, results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition.  
 It is expected that federal,
state and foreign governments will continue to introduce new and expanded
legislation affecting the Company’s operations, which may require the Company to
increase its resources, capabilities and expertise in such areas. For example,
the Company is subject to regulations regarding the transportation, storage or
use of certain chemicals to protect the environment, including as a result of
evolving climate change standards, and new and increased regulation in other
areas, such as with respect to “conflict minerals.” Such regulation could
negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain raw materials or could
increase its acquisition and compliance costs. In addition, pending legislative
initiatives and adopted legislation in the areas  of healthcare reform and other areas, such as the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection   Act and legislation in the area of taxation of
domestic and foreign profits, executive compensation and corporate governance,
could also increase the Company’s costs. These risks may be increased by the
Company’s acquisitions of HealthLink and Aplicare, Inc., which manufacture
products subject to additional regulations. 
 
 If the Company is found to be
noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, it
could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, import detentions,
injunctions, product withdrawals or recalls or asset seizures, as well as
potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on its business. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and
registrations, particularly with respect to its charcoal business, could delay
or prevent the Company from meeting current product demand, introducing new
products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could
adversely affect operating results. As the Company expands its natural personal
care and healthcare businesses such as through Burt’s Bees ® ,
HealthLink ® , Aplicare ®  and Caltech Industries, an
increasing number of its products have and will become subject to regulations
and laws relating to drugs and medical devices. In order to comply with these
laws and regulations, the Company may be required to make changes to product
formulation, labeling or marketing claims, perform additional testing to
substantiate its product claims, make costly changes in its manufacturing
processes or supply chain or stop selling certain products until corrective
actions have been taken. 
 11 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Cyber-attacks, privacy
breaches or a failure of key information technology systems could adversely
impact the Company’s ability to conduct business.   
 The Company relies extensively
on information technology systems, many of which are managed by third-party
service providers, in order to conduct its business. These systems include, but
are not limited to, programs and processes relating to communicating within the
Company and with customers, consumers and other parties, ordering and managing
materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping
products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting
results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements and
implementing other processes involved in managing the business. The Company has
made significant progress with its implementation of enterprise-wide upgrades to
its hardware, software and operating systems, including its enterprise system in
Latin America, which replaced legacy systems and is expected to streamline
operations and enable future growth. However, legacy systems remain in countries
where the Company conducts business outside of the United States and Latin
America. If the Company’s existing and/or future technology systems, third-party
service providers and processes do not adequately support the future growth of
the Company’s business, the Company’s business may be adversely
impacted.   
 Although the Company has
network security measures in place, the systems may be vulnerable to computer
viruses, security breaches and other disruptions from unauthorized users or
system failures, including Internet outages. While the Company has business
continuity plans in place, if the systems are damaged or cease to function
properly due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, power
outages, security breaches or other similar events, and if the business
continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, the
Company may suffer interruptions in its ability to manage or conduct business,
which may adversely impact the Company’s business. Furthermore, the Company
sells its Burt’s Bees ®  natural personal care products and other
products directly to consumers online, provides websites, mobile apps and
connected devices, and offers promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other
programs through which it may receive personal information, and it or its
vendors could experience cyber-attacks or other incidents that result in
unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or Company information.
The Company understands that in August 2015, the federal government brought
an   indictment against brokers and hackers for
stealing advanced, nonpublic press releases of various public companies from
news wires and trading on securities using the information from such press
releases. If the Company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other
breakdown in its technology system or such a breach or other breakdown,
including such cyber-attack or other incident involving one of the Company’s
vendors, results in unauthorized disclosure of business, financial, personal or
stakeholder information, the Company may suffer reputational, competitive and/or
business harm and may be exposed to legal liability, which may adversely affect
the Company’s results of operations and/or financial condition. In addition, if
the Company’s service providers, suppliers or customers experience such a breach
or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be
disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in
the Company’s supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely
affect the Company’s operations.  
 Acquisitions, new venture
investments and divestitures may not be successful, which could impact the
Company’s operations and financial results.   
 In connection with the
Company’s strategy, the Company expects to continue to seek to increase growth
through acquisitions. Not only is it difficult to identify and successfully
negotiate suitable strategic acquisitions at attractive prices, but these
transactions also involve numerous risks, including risks relating to the
Company’s ability to:  
 

   
     ● 
     
       successfully integrate
      acquired companies, products, systems or personnel into the Company’s
      existing business, especially with respect to businesses or operations
      that are outside of the United States; 
   
     ● 
     
       minimize any potential
      interruption to the ongoing business of the Company or the acquired
      company; 
   
     ● 
     
       successfully enter
      categories and markets in which the Company may have limited or no prior
      experience; 
   
     ● 
     
       achieve expected
      synergies and obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from
      acquisitions; 
   
     ● 
     
       retain key relationships
      with employees, customers, partners and suppliers of acquired companies;
      and 
   
     ● 
     
       maintain uniform
      standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout acquired
      companies. 
 
 12 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Acquired companies or
operations or newly created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve
sales levels and profitability and cash flow that justify the investments.
Future acquisitions or ventures could also result in potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, the assumption of
contingent liabilities, including litigation, an increase in expenses related to
certain assets and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely
affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. Future
acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject the
Company to local regulations and could potentially lead to risks related to,
among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes,
government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. In addition, to the extent that the economic
benefits associated with any of the Company’s acquisitions diminish in the
future, the Company may be required to record impairment charges related to
goodwill, intangible assets or other assets associated with such acquisitions,
which could adversely affect its operating results.  
 The Company may also divest
certain assets, businesses or brands that do not meet the Company’s strategic
objectives or growth targets. With respect to any divestiture, the Company may
encounter difficulty finding potential acquirers or other divestiture options on
favorable terms. Any divestiture could affect the profitability of the Company
as a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss
of the operating income resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities
that are not assumed by the acquirer (i.e., stranded costs) that may negatively
impact profitability and cash flow subsequent to any divestiture. The Company
may also be required to recognize impairment charges as a result of a divesture.
 
 In addition, any potential
future acquisitions, new ventures or divestitures may divert the attention of
management and resources from matters that are core or critical to the Company’s
business.  
 Profitability and cash flow
could suffer if the Company is unable to successfully implement its strategies,
generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies or efficiently manage supply
chain and manufacturing processes.  
 The Company continues to
implement plans to improve its competitive position by setting aggressive annual
cost savings targets, and it expects ongoing cost savings from its continuous
improvement activities. The Company anticipates these continuing cost savings
will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing inefficiencies and
realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions.
If the Company cannot successfully implement its cost savings plans or the cost
of making these changes increases, the Company may not realize all anticipated
benefits, which could adversely affect its financial results or its long-term
strategies, such as the 2020 Strategy, which includes financial goals such as
annual net sales growth of 3-5%, market share growth, annual EBIT margin growth
between 25-50 basis points and annual free cash flow as a percentage of net
sales of about 10-12%. The Company also continues to seek to penetrate new
markets and introduce new products and product improvements. These goals and
strategies may not be implemented or may fail to achieve desired results. In
addition, the Company expects to continue to restructure its operations as
necessary to improve operational efficiency, including occasionally closing
facilities or plants. Gaining additional efficiencies may become increasingly
difficult over time, there may be one-time costs relating to facility closures
or other restructurings and anticipated cost savings and the Company’s
strategies may not be implemented or may fail to achieve desired results. If the
Company is unable to implement its strategies or if its strategies do not
achieve the intended effects, if it does not realize cost savings and other
efficiencies or if it is unable to efficiently manage its supply chain and
manufacturing processes, the Company’s financial results could suffer. These
plans and strategies could also have a negative impact on the Company’s
relationships with employees or customers, which could also adversely affect the
Company’s financial results.   
 Product liability,
commercial claims or other legal proceedings could adversely affect the
Company’s sales and operating results, including cash flow.  
 The Company has in the past
paid, and may be required in the future to pay, for losses or injuries
purportedly caused by its products. Such claims may be based on allegations
that, among other things, the Company’s products contain contaminants or provide
inadequate instructions or warnings regarding their use, or damage property or
persons. Product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could
harm the Company’s reputation, sales and operating results. In addition, if any
of the Company’s products is found to be defective, the Company may recall it,
which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although the
Company maintains product liability insurance coverage, potential product
liability claims may be subject to a retention, exceed the amount of insurance
coverage or be excluded under the terms of the policies.  


 13 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 In addition, the Company is,
and may in the future become, a party to litigation and other disputes,
including advertising disputes with competitors, consumer class actions, labor
claims, securities litigation and litigation in foreign jurisdictions. In
general, claims made by or against the Company in litigation, disputes or other
proceedings have been and can in the future be expensive and time-consuming to
bring or defend against and could result in settlements, injunctions or damages
that could significantly affect its business or financial results or condition.
It is not possible to predict the final resolution of the litigation, disputes
or proceedings with which the Company currently is or may in the future become
involved. The impact of these matters on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition could be material. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1 for additional
information related to these matters, including litigation related to its
discontinued operations in Brazil. 
 Loss of, or inability to
attract, key personnel could adversely impact the Company’s business.
 
 The Company’s success depends,
in part, on its ability to retain its key personnel, including its executive
officers and senior management team. The unexpected loss of one or more of the
Company’s key employees could disrupt its business. The Company’s success also
depends, in part, on its continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain
other highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be
intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the Company’s
headquarters and largest research facility are located. As the Company expands
into new categories or markets, including more regulated businesses, it will
also require personnel with relevant training and experience in such categories
or markets. The Company may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain
qualified personnel in the future, and its failure to do so could adversely
affect its business.  
 Harm to the Company’s
reputation or the reputation of one or more of its leading brands could have an
adverse effect on the business.  
 Maintaining a strong
reputation with consumers, customers and trade partners is critical to the
success of the Company’s business. The Company devotes significant time and
resources to programs designed to protect and preserve the Company’s reputation
and the reputation of its brands. These programs include ethics and compliance,
sustainability and product safety and quality initiatives. Despite these
efforts, negative publicity about the Company, including product safety,
quality, efficacy or similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could occur,
and the Company’s products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality
issues. The Company also licenses certain of its brands to third parties, which
creates additional exposure for those brands to product safety, quality and
other concerns. In addition, widespread use of social media and networking sites
by consumers has greatly increased the speed and accessibility of information
dissemination. Negative or inaccurate publicity, posts or comments about the
Company or its brands, or disclosure of non-public sensitive information about
the Company, could be widely disseminated through the use of social media. Such
events, if they were to occur, could harm the Company’s image and adversely
affect its business, as well as require resources to rebuild the Company’s
reputation. 
 Environmental matters
create potential liabilities that could adversely affect the Company’s results
of operations or financial condition.  
 The Company must comply with
various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it
operates, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, handling
and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, remediation of contamination
associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances and climate change.
The Company has incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenditures
and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in
providing physical security for its worldwide operations, and such expenditures
reduce the cash flow available to the Company for other purposes.  
 The Company is currently
involved in or has potential liability with respect to the remediation of past
contamination in the operation of some of its current and former facilities. In
addition, some of its present and former facilities have or had been in
operation for many years and, over that time, some of those facilities may have
used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be
considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal sites
owned by third parties to whom the Company has sent waste, may be identified and
become the subject of remediation. The Company could also become subject to
additional environmental liabilities in the future that could result in a
material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial
condition. 
 14 

 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company had a recorded
liability of $12 million and $14 million as of June 30, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, for its share of aggregate future remediation costs related to
certain environmental matters, including response actions at various locations.
One matter in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the Company is jointly and
severally liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability
as of both June 30, 2015 and 2014. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1 for additional information related to these
liabilities.   
 The Company also handles
and/or transports hazardous substances, including but not limited to chlorine,
at some of its international plant sites. A release of such chemicals, whether
in transit or at the Company’s facilities, due to accident or an intentional act
could result in substantial liability and business disruptions.  
 The facilities of the
Company and its suppliers are subject to disruption by events beyond the
Company’s control.  
 Operations at facilities of
the Company, its suppliers, service providers and retail customers are subject
to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages,
demonstrations, disease outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, fire,
earthquakes, flooding or other natural disasters. The Company’s corporate
headquarters and primary research and development facility are located near
major earthquake fault lines in California. If a major disruption were to occur,
it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, temporary loss of
access to critical data, delays in shipments of products to customers or
suspension of operations. Any such disruption could have a material adverse
impact on the Company’s business.  
 Failure to maximize,
successfully assert or successfully defend the Company’s intellectual property
rights could impact its competitiveness.  
 The Company relies on
intellectual property rights based on trademark, trade secret, patent and
copyright laws to protect its brands, products and packaging for its products.
The Company cannot be certain that these intellectual property rights will be
maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the
Company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property
rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to
support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these
rights, if obtained, will not later be invalidated, circumvented or challenged,
and the Company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions
to assert its intellectual property rights or to defend those rights from
assertions of invalidity. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the
United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which the Company’s
products are or may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe the
Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of the
Company’s brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that
consumers associate with the Company’s brands and harm its sales. The failure to
perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights could make the
Company less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its
business, operating results, and financial condition.  
 If the Company is found to
have infringed the intellectual property rights of others or cannot obtain
necessary intellectual property rights from others, its competitiveness could be
negatively impacted.   
 If the Company is found to
have violated the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other
intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, through the use
of third-party ideas or technologies, such a finding could result in the need to
cease use of a trademark, trade secret, copyrighted work or patented invention
in the Company’s business and the obligation to pay a substantial amount for
past infringement. If holders are willing to permit the Company to continue to
use such intellectual property rights, they could require a payment of a
substantial amount for continued use of those rights. Either ceasing use or
paying such amounts could cause the Company to become less competitive and could
have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, operating results and
financial condition.   
 Even if the Company is not
found to infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, claims of
infringement could adversely affect the Company’s business. For example, if the
Company seeks proposals from multiple vendors for a new product or innovation
and chooses to partner with a particular vendor, another vendor may claim the
Company infringed its intellectual property rights by using information gathered
from the vendor proposals. The Company could incur material legal costs and
related expenses to defend against such claims.  
 15 
 


 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company’s substantial
indebtedness could adversely affect its operations and financial results and
prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations, and the Company may incur
substantially more debt in the future, which could exacerbate these risks.
 
 As of June 30, 2015, the
Company had over $2 billion of debt, including $300 million of senior unsecured
notes that mature in fiscal year 2016. The Company’s substantial indebtedness
could have important consequences. For example, it could:   
 

   
     ● 
     
       require the Company to
      dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to
      payments on its indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of its
      cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures,
      future acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
   
     ● 
     
       limit the Company’s
      flexibility in planning for or reacting to general adverse economic
      conditions or changes in its business and the industries in which it
      operates; 
   
     ● 
     
       place the Company at a
      competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt;
      and 
   
     ● 
     
       limit, along with the
      financial and other restrictive covenants in the Company’s debt documents,
      its ability to borrow additional
funds. 
 Additionally, failure by the
Company to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in its debt
documents could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived,
could have a significant adverse effect on the Company. Further, certain terms
of the agreements governing the Company’s over-the-counter derivative
instruments contain provisions that require the Company’s credit ratings, as
assigned by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s to the Company and its
counterparties, to remain at a level equal to or better than the minimum of an
investment grade credit rating. As of June 30, 2015, the Company and each of its
counterparties had been assigned investment-grade ratings with both Standard
& Poor’s and Moody’s. However, if the Company’s credit rating were to fall
below investment grade, the counterparties to the derivative instruments in net
liability positions could request full collateralization.   
 The Company may incur
substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions,
repurchase shares or fund other activities for general business purposes,
subject to compliance with the Company’s existing restrictive debt covenants. As
of June 30, 2015, the Company could add approximately $2 billion in incremental
debt and remain in compliance with restrictive debt covenants, although the
actual amount that the Company may be able to borrow in the future may not equal
this amount. If new debt is added to the current debt levels, the related risks
that the Company now faces could intensify. In addition, the cost of
 incurring additional debt could
increase due to possible downgrades in the Company’s credit rating, economic
conditions or otherwise.  
 The Company may not
continue to pay dividends or repurchase its stock.  
 Although the Company has
historically declared and paid quarterly cash dividends on its common stock and
has been authorized to repurchase its shares subject to certain limitations
under its share repurchase programs, any determinations by the board of
directors to continue to declare and pay cash dividends on the Company’s common
stock or to repurchase the Company’s common stock will be based primarily upon
the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and business
requirements, the price of its common stock in the case of the repurchase
program and the board of directors’ continuing determination that the repurchase
programs and the declaration and payment of dividends are in the best interests
of the Company’s stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements
applicable to the repurchase and dividend programs. The Company’s ability to
continue to declare and pay cash dividends will depend upon, among other things,
its cash balances and future cash requirements, results of operations, financial
condition and net earnings, all of which are subject to general economic,
financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond the
Company’s control. In the event the Company does not declare and pay a quarterly
dividend or discontinues its share repurchases, the Company’s stock price could
be adversely affected. 
 16 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company’s continued
growth and expansion and reliance on third-party service providers could
adversely affect its internal control over financial reporting, which could harm
its business and financial results. 
 
 Clorox management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute
assurance that a misstatement of the Company’s financial statements would be
prevented or detected. The Company’s continuing growth and expansion in domestic
and globally dispersed markets will place significant additional pressure on the
Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, the
Company engages the services of third parties to assist with business operations
and financial reporting processes, which injects additional monitoring
obligations and risk into the system of internal control. Any failure to
maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could
limit the Company’s ability to report its financial results accurately and on a
timely basis, or to detect and prevent fraud.  
 The Company’s judgments
regarding the accounting for tax positions and the resolution of tax disputes
may impact the Company’s earnings and cash flow.  
 Significant judgment is
required to determine the Company’s effective tax rate and evaluate its tax
positions. The Company provides for uncertain tax positions when such tax
positions do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement criteria
prescribed by applicable accounting standards. Fluctuations in federal, state,
local and foreign taxes or a change to uncertain tax positions, including
related interest and penalties, may impact the Company’s effective tax rate and
the Company’s financial results. When particular tax matters arise, a number of
years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved.
Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate,
which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. Any
resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
For additional information, see the information set forth in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1.  
 The estimates and
assumptions on which the Company’s financial statement projections are based may
prove to be inaccurate, which may cause its actual results to materially differ
from such projections, which may adversely affect the Company’s future cash
flows and stock price.  
 The Company’s financial
statement projections are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related
to, among other things, category growth, market share projections, product
pricing, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, cost savings, accruals for
estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves, goodwill, market share
projections, measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other
postretirement benefit plans and the Company’s ability to generate sufficient
cash flow to reinvest in its existing business, fund internal growth, repurchase
its shares, make acquisitions, pay dividends and meet debt obligations. While
the Company’s projections are based on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances and at the time they are made, the Company’s actual results may
differ materially from its financial outlook. Any material variation between the
Company’s projections and its actual results may adversely affect the Company’s
future cash flows and stock price.  
 The Company’s business
could be negatively impacted as a result of stockholder activism or an
unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest.  
 In recent years, proxy
contests and other forms of stockholder activism have been directed against
numerous public companies, including the Company. During fiscal years 2012 and
2011, the Company was the target of an unsolicited takeover proposal from a
stockholder activist, which resulted in significant costs to the Company. If
such a proposal were to be made again, the Company would incur significant
costs, which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial results.
Stockholder activists may also seek to involve themselves in the governance,
strategic direction and operations of the Company. Such proposals may disrupt
the Company’s business and divert the attention of the Company’s management and
employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to the Company’s future direction
resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of potential business
opportunities, the  perception that
the Company needs a change in the direction of its business, the perception that
the Company is unstable or lacks continuity, which may be exploited by our
competitors, and cause concern to our current or potential customers, and may
make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business
partners, which could adversely affect the Company’s business. In addition,
actions of activist stockholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock
price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that
do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our
business. 
 17 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 ITEM 1.B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 
 None.  
 ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES   
 Production and Distribution
Facilities  
 The Company owns or leases and
operates 24 manufacturing facilities in North America and owns or leases and
operates 13 manufacturing facilities outside North America. The Company also
leases six regional distribution centers in North America and several other
warehouse facilities in the U.S. and international markets. Management believes
the Company’s owned and leased production and distribution facilities are
adequate to support the business efficiently, and that the Company’s properties
and equipment have generally been well maintained. The Company is continually
performing a supply-chain efficiency analysis, which may lead to closures of
domestic and international manufacturing facilities and the redistribution of
production between its remaining facilities and contract manufacturers to
optimize availability and capacity and to seek to reduce operating costs.
 
 Offices and Research and
Development Facilities  
 Since 2011, the Company has
leased a facility located in Pleasanton, Calif., which houses the Company’s
research and development group as well as other administrative and operational
support personnel. The facility features state-of-the-art labs and open work
spaces to encourage creativity, collaboration and innovation. The Company leases
office space in Oakland, Calif. for its corporate headquarters. The Company owns
a research and development facility located at its plant in Buenos Aires,
Argentina. The Company also conducts research and development activities and
engineering research in leased facilities in Meriden, Ct.; Kennesaw, Ga.;
Willowbrook, Il.; Midland, Mi.; Cincinnati, Oh.; and Durham, NC. Leased sales
offices and other facilities are located at a number of other locations.
 
 Encumbrances
 
 None of the Company’s owned
facilities are encumbered to secure debt owed by the Company.  
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
 The Company is subject to
routine litigation incidental to its business in the United States and in
international locations, including various lawsuits and claims relating to
issues such as contract disputes, product liability, patents and trademarks,
advertising, commercial, administrative, employment and other matters. Although
the results of claims and litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, based
on management’s analysis, it is the opinion of management that the ultimate
disposition of these matters, to the extent not previously provided for or
disclosed in the Company’s consolidated financial statements in Exhibit 99.1,
will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on
the Company’s consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.  
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES   
 Not applicable. 
 18 

 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE
REGISTRANT   
 The names, ages, year first
elected and current titles of each of the executive officers of the Company as
of July 31, 2015, are set forth below:  
 

   
     Name 
           
     Age 
           
     Year
      First Elected Executive Officer 
           
     Title 
   
     Benno Dorer 
       
     51 
     
     2009 
     
     Chief Executive Officer 
   
     James Foster 
     
     52 
     
     2009 
       
     Executive Vice President – Product Supply, Enterprise
      Performance and IT 
   
     Jacqueline P. Kane 
     
     63 
     
     2004 
     
     Executive Vice President – Human Resources & Corporate
      Affairs 
   
     Stephen M. Robb 
     
     50 
     
     2011 
     
     Executive Vice President – Chief Financial
  Officer 
   
     Laura Stein 
     
     53 
     
     2005 
     
     Executive Vice President – General Counsel 
   
     Frank A. Tataseo 
     
     61 
     
     2004 
     
     Executive Vice President – New Business
  Development 
   
     Nikolaos Vlahos 
     
     47 
     
     2013 
     
     Executive Vice President – Chief
      Operating Officer – Household, Lifestyle and Core Global
      Functions 
   
     Dawn
      Willoughby 
     
     46 
     
     2013 
     
     Executive Vice President – Chief Operating Officer, Cleaning,
      International & 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Professional Products 
   
     Jon
      Balousek 
     
     46 
     
     2013 
     
     Senior Vice President – General Manager, Specialty
      Division 
   
     Michael J. Costello 
     
     48 
     
     2011 
     
     Senior Vice President – International 
   
     Denise Garner 
     
     52 
     
     2015 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Innovation Officer 
   
     Matthew Laszlo 
     
     45 
     
     2015 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Customer Officer 
   
     Eric
      Reynolds 
     
     45 
     
     2015 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Marketing
  Officer 
 There is no family
relationship between any of the above-named persons, or between any of such
persons and any of the directors of the Company. See Item 10 of Part III of this
Report for additional information.  
 Benno Dorer was elected chief
executive officer of the Company in November 2014. He was executive vice
president – chief operating officer, cleaning, international and corporate
strategy from January 2013 until November 2014. From March 2011 to December
2012, he served as senior vice president – cleaning division and Canada. He
served as senior vice president – general manager, cleaning division from June
2009 to March 2011.  
 James Foster was elected
executive vice president – product supply, enterprise performance and IT in
November 2014. He was senior vice president – chief product supply officer from
June 2009 to November 2014. 
 Jacqueline P. Kane was elected
executive vice president – human resources & corporate affairs in February
2015. She was senior vice president – human resources & corporate affairs
from January 2005 to February 2015. 
 Stephen M. Robb was elected
executive vice president – chief financial officer in November 2014. He was
senior vice president – chief financial officer from November 2011 to November
2014. From January 2011 until November 2011, he served as vice president –
global finance. He served as vice president – financial planning & analysis
from October 2004 to January 2011. 
 Laura Stein was elected
executive vice president – general counsel in February 2015. She was senior vice
president – general counsel from January 2005 to February 2015.   
 Frank A. Tataseo was elected
executive vice president – new business development in November 2014. He was
executive vice president – professional products division, mergers &
acquisitions, partnerships and IT from January 2013 to November 2014. From
January 2009 to December 2012, he served as executive vice president – strategy
& growth and professional products. 
 19 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Nikolaos Vlahos was elected
executive vice president – chief operating officer, household, lifestyle, and
core global functions in September 2014. He was senior vice president – chief
customer officer from March 2013 to September 2014. From March 2011 to February
2013, he served as vice president – general manager, Burt’s Bees ® . He
served as vice president – general manager, laundry, Brita ®  and Green
Works ® , from March 2009 to February 2011.   
 Dawn Willoughby serves as
executive vice president – chief operating officer, cleaning, international and
professional products, having taken on responsibility for cleaning and
international in September 2014 and for professional products in November 2014.
She was senior vice president – general manager, cleaning division from January
2013 to September 2014. She served as vice president – general manager, Home
Care, from October 2012 to January 2013, and vice president – general manager,
Glad ®  Products from January 2010 to October 2012.  
 Jon Balousek was elected
senior vice president – general manager, specialty division effective January
2013. He served as vice president – general manager, litter, food and charcoal
from October 2011 to December 2012, and vice president – marketing, cleaning
division from October 2008 to September 2011.   
 Michael J. Costello was
elected senior vice president – international effective September 2013. He
served as vice president – general manager, international, from March 2011 to
August 2013. From July 2009 through March 2011, he served as vice president –
general manager, Latin America and Europe. 
 Denise Garner was elected
senior vice president - chief innovation officer effective January 2015. She
served as vice president, R&D – global cleaning & international, from
January 2010 to December 2014. 
 Matthew Laszlo was elected
senior vice president – chief customer officer effective October 2014. He served
as vice president & general manager – professional products division, from
October 2013 to October 2014. From January 2012 to October 2013 he was vice
president – sales, professional products division. From January 2010 to January
2012 he was director – field sales, professional products division.  
 Eric Reynolds was elected
senior vice president – chief marketing officer effective January 2015. He
served as vice president – general manager, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia
from May 2012 to January 2015. From May 2011 to April 2012 he was director,  international 
business development. From June 2008 to April 2011 he was general manager,
 Caribbean. 
 20 
 

 
 
 Table of
Contents 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information
 
 The Company’s common stock is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The high and low sales prices quoted for
the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions Report for each quarterly
period during the past two fiscal years appear in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by reference.
 
 Holders  
 The number of record holders
of the Company’s common stock as of July 31, 2015, was 11,269 based on
information provided by the Company’s transfer agent.  
 Dividends 
 The amount of quarterly
dividends declared with respect to the Company’s common stock during the past
two fiscal years appears in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by reference.  
 Equity Compensation Plan
Information 
 See Part III, Item 12 hereof.  
 Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities   
 The following table sets forth
the purchases of the Company’s securities by the Company and any affiliated
purchasers within the meaning of Rule 10b-18(a)(3) (17 CFR 240.10b-18(a)(3))
during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. 
 

   
     
     
     [a] 
     
     [b] 
     
     [c] 
     
     [d] 
   
     Period 
            
     Total Number of Shares (or
      Units) Purchased  (1) 
            
     Average Price Paid per Share (or
      Unit) 
            
     Total Number of Shares (or
      Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or
      Programs 
            
     Maximum Number (or Approximate
      Dollar Value) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or
      Programs 
   
     April 1
      to 30, 2015 
     
     1,103,324 
     
     $ 
     109.15 
     
     1,103,324 
     
     (2) 
   
     May 1 to 31,
    2015 
     
     1,348,425 
     
     
     107.44 
     
     1,348,425 
     
     (2) 
   
     June 1
      to 30, 2015 
     
     100,000 
     
     
     107.22 
     
     100,000 
     
     (2) 
   
     
     
     2,551,749 
     
     $ 
     108.17 
     
     2,551,749 
     
     
 

   
     (1) 
     
     Shares purchased in
      April 2015, May 2015 and June 2015 were acquired pursuant to the Company’s
      share repurchase program to offset the impact of share dilution related to
      share-based awards (the Evergreen Program). 
   
     (2) 
           
     The Company has two
      share repurchase programs: an open-market purchase program with an
      authorized aggregate purchase amount of up to $750 million, all of which
      was available for share repurchases as of June 30, 2015, and the Evergreen
      Program, the purpose of which is to offset the impact of anticipated share
      dilution related to share-based awards and which has no specified
      cap. 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA  
 This information appears under
“Five-Year Financial Summary” in Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by reference.
 

 21 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 
 This information appears under
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” in Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 7.A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 This information appears under
“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” in “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” in
Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by reference.  
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 These statements and data appear in Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by
reference.  
 

   
     
       ITEM 9.  
     CHANGES
      IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
      DISCLOSURE 

 None. 
 ITEM 9.A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Company’s management, with
the participation of the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that
evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this Report, were effective such that the information required
to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to
management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 Management’s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 Management’s report on
internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Exhibit 99.1, and is
incorporated herein by reference. The Company’s independent registered public
accounting firm, Ernst & Young, LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2015. See
“Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” which appears in
Exhibit 99.1.  
 Change in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  
 No change in the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth fiscal
quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.  
 ITEM 9.B. OTHER
INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 22 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 PART III   
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
 Pursuant to Instruction 3 to
Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K, information regarding the executive officers of
the registrant is reported in Part I of this Report.  
 The Company has adopted a Code
of Conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer, among others. The Code of Conduct is
located on the Company’s website at TheCloroxCompany.com under Corporate
Responsibility/Performance/Corporate Governance or
http://www.thecloroxcompany.com/corporate-responsibility/performance/corporate-governance.
The Company intends to satisfy the requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K
regarding disclosure of amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of its Code
of Conduct by posting such information on the Company’s website. The Company’s
website also contains its corporate governance guidelines and the charters of
its principal board committees.  
 Information regarding the
Company’s directors, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and
corporate governance set forth in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference.  
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION   
 Information regarding
executive and director compensation, Management Development and Compensation
Committee interlocks and insider participation and the report of the Management
Development and Compensation Committee of the Company’s board of directors set
forth in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.  
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 
 Information regarding security
ownership of certain beneficial owners, management and directors and securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans set forth in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
 
 Information regarding certain
relationships and related transactions and director independence set forth in
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information regarding
principal accounting fees and services set forth in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. 
 23 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 PART IV   
 ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
 

   
     (a)      
       
     Financial Statements and
  Schedules: 
   
               
     
       Consolidated
      Financial Statements and Reports of Independent Registered Public
      Accounting Firm included in Exhibit 99.1, incorporated herein by
      reference. 
       Reports of Independent
      Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
       Consolidated Statements
      of Earnings for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015, 2014 and
      2013. 
       Consolidated Statements
      of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015, 2014 and
      2013. 
       Consolidated Balance
      Sheets as of June 30, 2015 and 2014. 
       Consolidated Statements
      of Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015, 2014 and
      2013. 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended
      June 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial
      Statements. 
       Valuation and Qualifying
      Accounts and Reserves included in Exhibit 99.2, incorporated herein by
      reference. 
 

   
     (b)        
     Exhibits: 
   
       
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
            
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File
No. 
            
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing
    Date 
   
     3.1 
     
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
       
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3(iii) 
     
     February 14, 2000 
   
     3.2 
     
     Bylaws (amended and
      restated). 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     November 20, 2009 
   
     3.3 
     
     Certificate of Designations for The Clorox Company Series A
      Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     July
      19, 2011 
   
     4.1 
     
     Indenture, dated as of
      December 3, 2004, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust
      Company N.A., as trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 3, 2004 
   
     4.2 
     
     Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2007, between the Company
      and The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
       
     4.1 
     
     December 4, 2014 
 24 
 
 
 Table of
Contents 

 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
            
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File No. 
            
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing
    Date 
   
     4.3 
     
     First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2009, among
      the Company, The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., and Wells Fargo
      Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.2 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.4 
     
     Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2009,
      between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.3 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.5 
     
     Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2011,
      between the company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.4 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.6 
     
     Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2012,
      between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.5 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.7 
     
     Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2014, between
      the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
    trustee 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 9, 2014 
   
     10.1* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated Independent Directors’
      Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of November 16, 2005, and amended
      and restated as of February 7, 2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.55 
     
     May 2, 2008 
   
     10.2* 
     
     The Clorox Company Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan,
      adopted as of January 1, 1996, and amended and restated as of July 20,
      2004. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10(x) 
     
     August 27, 2004 
   
     10.3* 
     
     The Clorox Company 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, adopted as of
      November 28, 2001, and amended and restated as of September 15,
      2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.4 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.4* 
     
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the
      Company’s 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of September
      15, 2004 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.5 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.5* 
     
     The Clorox Company Annual Incentive Plan, amended and restated as
      of September 17, 2013. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.8 
     
     August 25,
2014 
     25 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 

 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
            
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File
No. 
            
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing
    Date 
   
     10.6* 
     
     The Clorox Company 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of November 14, 2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     February 5, 2013 
   
     10.7* 
     
     Form
      of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan for awards made in 2012. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.12 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.8* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award
      Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for awards made in
      2013. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.12 
     
     August 25, 2014 
   
     10.9* 
     
     Form
      of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan for awards made in 2014. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.10* 
     
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit
      Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.13 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.11* 
     
     Form
      of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005
      Stock Incentive Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.14 
     
     August 25, 2014 
   
     10.12* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and
      Restated 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January
      1, 2008. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 19, 2008 
   
     10.13* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Amended and Restated
      2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 26, 2011 
   
     10.14* 
     
     The Clorox Company Supplemental
      Executive Retirement Plan, as restated effective January 5, 2005, as
      revised August 13, 2009. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.17 
     
     November 3, 2009 
   
     10.15* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Supplemental Executive
      Retirement Plan, effective as of July 29, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.21 
     
     November 3, 2011 
   
     10.16* 
     
     Amendment No. 2 to The Clorox
      Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of September
      11, 2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     November 2, 2012 
   
     10.17* 
     
     The
      Clorox Company Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, amended and restated
      as of February 7, 2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.58 
     
     May
      2, 2008 
   
     10.18* 
     
     Form of Indemnification
      Agreement. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May 4,
2010 
 26 
 
 
 Table of
Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
            
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File
No. 
            
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing
    Date 
   
     10.19* 
     
     First Amended and Restated
      Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, effective November 20,
      2014. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     February 5, 2015 
   
     10.20* 
     
     Severance Plan for Clorox Executive Committee Members,
      amended and restated effective November 20, 2014. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     February 5, 2015 
   
     10.21* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive
      Retirement Plan, effective as of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May 4, 2011 
   
     10.22* 
     
     The
      Clorox Company 2011 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as
      of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.29 
     
     August 26, 2011 
   
     10.23* 
     
     Amended and Restated Employment
      Agreement between The Clorox Company and Donald R. Knauss, dated as of
      November 20, 2014. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     May 15, 2015 
   
     10.24* 
     
     Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement between The
      Clorox Company and Donald R. Knauss, dated as of November 20,
    2014. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     May
      15, 2015 
   
     10.25* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and
      Restated Replacement Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for the
      Benefit of Donald R. Knauss, effective as of October 2, 2006. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.19 
     
     February 5, 2009 
   
     10.26 
     
     Credit Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014 among The
      Clorox Company, the lenders listed therein, Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase
      Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative
      Agents, and Citibank, N.A. as Servicing Agent. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     October 7, 2014 
   
     10.27(+) 
     
     Amended and Restated Joint Venture
      Agreement dated as of January 31, 2003, between The Glad Products Company
      and certain affiliates and The Procter and Gamble Company and certain
      affiliates. 
     
     10-Q/A 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10 
     
     April 26, 2005 
   
     21 
     
     Subsidiaries. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     23 
     
     Consent of Independent Registered
      Public Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.1 
     
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox
      Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.2 
     
     Certification of the Chief
      Financial Officer of The Clorox Company pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     32 
     
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
      Financial Officer of The Clorox Company pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 27 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
            
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File No. 
            
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing Date 
   
     99.1 
     
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
      Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Consolidated Financial
      Statements, Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
      Reporting and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting
      Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.2 
     
     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and
      Reserves. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.3 
     
     Reconciliation of Economic Profit.  (Unaudited) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     101 
     
     The
      following materials from The Clorox Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
      for the year ended June 30, 2015 are formatted in extensible Business
      Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings,
      (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the
      Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of
      Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and
      (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     ____________________ 
 

   
     (*) 
     
     Indicates a
      management or director contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
      required to be filed as an exhibit to this report. 
   
     (+) 
            
     Confidential
      treatment has been granted for certain information contained in this
      document. Such information has been omitted and filed separately with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission. 
       28 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.  
 

   
     
     THE
      CLOROX COMPANY 
   
       
   
     Date: August 21, 2015 
     By:    
     /s/ B. Dorer 
   
     
     
     B.
      Dorer 
   
       
     
     Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.  
 

   
     Signature 
            
     Title 
            
     Date 
   
     /s/
      R. H. Carmona 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     R. H. Carmona 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      S. C. Fleischer 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     S. C. Fleischer 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      G. J. Harad 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     G. J. Harad 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      E. Lee 
       
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     E. Lee 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      R. W. Matschullat 
     
     Director 
       
     August 21, 2015 
   
     R. W. Matschullat 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      J. Noddle 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     J. Noddle 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      R. M. Rebolledo 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     R. M. Rebolledo 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      P. Thomas-Graham 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     P. Thomas-Graham 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      C. M. Ticknor 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     C. M. Ticknor 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      C. J. Williams 
     
     Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     C. J. Williams 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/
      B. Dorer 
     
     Chief Executive Officer and
      Director 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     B. Dorer 
     
     (Principal Executive
      Officer) 
     
     
   
     /s/
      S. M. Robb 
     
     Executive Vice President — Chief
      Financial Officer 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     S. M. Robb 
     
     (Principal Financial
      Officer) 
     
     
   
     /s/
      T. Johnson 
     
     Vice President — Global Business
      Services and Chief Accounting Officer 
     
     August 21, 2015 
   
     T. Johnson 
     
     (Principal Accounting
      Officer) 
     
     
 29 
 

 
 
 Table of
Contents 
 INDEX OF
EXHIBITS   
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
             
     Exhibit Description 
             
     Form 
             
     File No. 
             
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing Date 
   
     3.1 
     
     Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3(iii) 
     
     February 14, 2000 
   
     3.2 
     
     Bylaws (amended and
      restated). 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     November 20, 2009 
   
     3.3 
     
     Certificate of Designations for The Clorox
      Company Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     July
      19, 2011 
   
     4.1 
     
     Indenture, dated as of December 3,
      2004, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 3, 2004 
   
     4.2 
     
     Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2007, between
      the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as
    trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.3 
     
     First Supplemental Indenture,
      dated as of November 9, 2009, among the Company, The Bank of New York
      Trust Company N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.2 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.4 
     
     Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
      November 9, 2009, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National
      Association, as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.3 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.5 
     
     Third Supplemental Indenture,
      dated as of November 17, 2011, between the company and Wells Fargo Bank,
      National Association, as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.4 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.6 
     
     Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
      September 13, 2012, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National
      Association, as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-200722 
     
     4.5 
     
     December 4, 2014 
   
     4.7 
     
     Fifth Supplemental Indenture,
      dated as of December 9, 2014, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank,
      National Association, as trustee 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 9,
  2014 
 30 
 

 Table of
Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
             
     Exhibit Description 
             
     Form 
             
     File No. 
             
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing Date 
   
     10.1* 
     
     The
      Clorox Company Amended and Restated Independent Directors’ Deferred
      Compensation Plan, effective as of November 16, 2005, and amended and
      restated as of February 7, 2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.55 
     
     May
      2, 2008 
   
     10.2* 
     
     The Clorox Company Non-Qualified
      Deferred Compensation Plan, adopted as of January 1, 1996, and amended and
      restated as of July 20, 2004. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10(x) 
     
     August 27, 2004 
   
     10.3* 
     
     The
      Clorox Company 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, adopted as of November 28, 2001,
      and amended and restated as of September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.4 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.4* 
     
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option
      Award Agreement under the Company’s 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, amended and
      restated as of September 15, 2004 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.5 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.5* 
     
     The
      Clorox Company Annual Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of September
      17, 2013. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.8 
     
     August 25, 2014 
   
     10.6* 
     
     The Clorox Company 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of November 14, 2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     February 5, 2013 
   
     10.7* 
     
     Form
      of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan for awards made in 2012. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.12 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.8* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award
      Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for awards made in
      2013. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.12 
     
     August 25, 2014 
   
     10.9* 
     
     Form
      of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan for awards made in 2014. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.10* 
     
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit
      Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.13 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.11* 
     
     Form
      of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Company’s 2005
      Stock Incentive Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.14 
     
     August 25, 2014 
   
     10.12* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and
      Restated 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January
      1, 2008. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 19, 2008 
   
     10.13* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Amended and Restated
      2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 26, 2011 
	   31 
 

 Table of
Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
     
     Exhibit Description 
             
     Form 
             
     File No. 
             
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing Date 
   
     10.14* 
             
     The
      Clorox Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as restated
      effective January 5, 2005, as revised August 13, 2009. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.17 
     
     November 3, 2009 
   
     10.15* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox
      Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of July 29,
      2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.21 
     
     November 3, 2011 
   
     10.16* 
     
     Amendment No. 2 to The Clorox Company Supplemental Executive
      Retirement Plan, effective as of September 11, 2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     November 2, 2012 
   
     10.17* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive
      Incentive Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of February 7,
      2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.58 
     
     May
      2, 2008 
   
     10.18* 
     
     
       Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May
      4, 2010 
   
     10.19* 
     
     First Amended and Restated
      Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, effective November 20,
      2014. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     February 5, 2015 
   
     10.20* 
     
     Severance Plan for Clorox Executive Committee Members,
      amended and restated effective November 20, 2014. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     February 5, 2015 
   
     10.21* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive
      Retirement Plan, effective as of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May
      4, 2011 
   
     10.22* 
     
     The
      Clorox Company 2011 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as
      of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.29 
     
     August 26, 2011 
   
     10.23* 
     
     Amended and Restated Employment
      Agreement between The Clorox Company and Donald R. Knauss, dated as of
      November 20, 2014. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     May
      15, 2015 
   
     10.24* 
     
     Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement between The
      Clorox Company and Donald R. Knauss, dated as of November 20,
    2014. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     May
      15, 2015 
   
     10.25* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and
      Restated Replacement Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for the
      Benefit of Donald R. Knauss, effective as of October 2, 2006. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.19 
     
     February 5, 2009 
   
     10.26 
     
     Credit Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014 among The
      Clorox Company, the lenders listed therein, Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase
      Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative
      Agents, and Citibank, N.A. as Servicing Agent. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     October 7, 2014 
   
     10.27(+) 
     
     Amended and Restated Joint Venture
      Agreement dated as of January 31, 2003, between The Glad Products Company
      and certain affiliates and The Procter and Gamble Company and certain
      affiliates. 
     
     10-Q/A 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10 
     
     April 26, 2005 
	   32 
 

 Table of
Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
     
     Exhibit Description 
             
     Form 
             
     File No. 
             
     Exhibit 
             
     Filing Date 
   
     21 
             
     Subsidiaries. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     23 
     
     Consent of Independent Registered
      Public Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.1 
     
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox
      Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.2 
     
     Certification of the Chief
      Financial Officer of The Clorox Company pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     32 
     
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
      Financial Officer of The Clorox Company pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.1 
     
     Management’s Discussion and
      Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Consolidated
      Financial Statements, Management’s Report on Internal Control over
      Financial Reporting and Reports of Independent Registered Public
      Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.2 
     
     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.3 
     
     
       Reconciliation of Economic Profit.  (Unaudited) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     101 
     
     
       The following materials from The Clorox Company’s Annual
      Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015 are formatted in
      extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated
      Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
      Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated
      Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of
      Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial
    Statements. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     ____________________ 
 

   
     (*)        
     Indicates a
      management or director contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
      required to be filed as an exhibit to this report. 
   
     (+) 
     Confidential
      treatment has been granted for certain information contained in this
      document. Such information has been omitted and filed separately with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 33 
 


 
 
 
 
