
 10-K
 1
 a2223543z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 QuickLinks 
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

 


 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

   


 
   

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 FORM 10-K   

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended January 30, 2015 

  Commission file number: 001-11421   

 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 TENNESSEE 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
  61-0502302 
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 
 

 100 MISSION RIDGE 
GOODLETTSVILLE, TN 37072    (Address of principal executive offices, zip code)  

 (615) 855-4000 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  

          Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of each class  
   
 Name of the exchange on which registered  
 
 
 Common Stock, par value $0.875 per share 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
 


          Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 

          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  ý     No  o   

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  o   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý   

          The aggregate fair market value of the registrant's common stock outstanding and held by non-affiliates as of August 1, 2014 was $16.89 billion
calculated using the closing market price of our common stock as reported on the NYSE on such date ($55.77). For this purpose, directors, executive officers and greater than 10% record shareholders
are considered the affiliates of the registrant.  

          The
registrant had 303,415,449 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 12, 2015.  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

          Certain of the information required in Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be
filed for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 27, 2015.  
      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 
   
   
   INTRODUCTION          

 


 


General   

         This report contains references to years 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, and 2010, which represent fiscal years ending or ended
January 29, 2016, January 30, 2015, January 31, 2014, February 1, 2013, February 3, 2012, and January 28, 2011, respectively. Our fiscal year ends on the
Friday closest to January 31, and each of the years listed will be or were 52-week years, with the exception of 2011 which consisted of 53 weeks. All of the discussion and analysis in
this report should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes.  

         Solely
for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames may appear in this report without the ® or TM symbol which is not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the
fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right to these trademarks and tradenames.  

 


 


Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

         We include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws throughout this report, particularly under
the headings "Business," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and "Note 8—Commitments and Contingencies," among others. You can
identify these statements because they are not limited to historical fact or they use words such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "believe," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "expect," "estimate,"
"forecast," "goal," "potential," "opportunity," "intend," "will likely result," or "will continue" and similar expressions that concern our strategy, plans, intentions or beliefs about future
occurrences or results. For example, all statements relating to our estimated and projected expenditures, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity; our plans, objectives
and expectations for future operations, growth or initiatives; or the expected outcome or effect of legislative or regulatory changes or initiatives, pending or threatened litigation or audits are
forward-looking statements.  

         All
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, so our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. We derive many
of these statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions that we believe are reasonable. However, it is very difficult to predict the effect of known
factors, and we cannot anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results.  

         Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements are disclosed under "Risk Factors" in
Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this document (including, without limitation, in conjunction with the forward-looking statements themselves and under the heading "Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates"). All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by these and other cautionary statements that we make from time to time in our other SEC filings and public
communications. You should evaluate such statements in the context of these risks and uncertainties. These factors may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. We cannot assure you
that we will realize the results or developments we anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us in the way we expect. Forward-looking
statements are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as otherwise required by law.  

 1 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   PART I          

   
       ITEM 1.    BUSINESS          


 


 


General   

         We are the largest discount retailer in the United States by number of stores, with 11,879 stores located in 43 states as of
February 27, 2015, primarily in the southern, southwestern, midwestern and eastern United States. We offer a broad selection of merchandise, including consumables, seasonal, home products and
apparel. Our merchandise includes high quality national brands from leading manufacturers, as well as comparable quality private brand selections with prices at substantial discounts to national
brands. We offer our merchandise at everyday low prices (typically $10 or less) through our convenient small-box locations, with selling space averaging approximately 7,400 square feet.  

 


 


Our History   

         J.L. Turner founded our Company in 1939 as J.L. Turner and Son, Wholesale. We were incorporated as a Kentucky corporation under the
name J.L. Turner & Son, Inc. in 1955, when we opened our first Dollar General store. We changed our name to Dollar General Corporation in 1968 and reincorporated in 1998 as a Tennessee
corporation. Our common stock was publicly traded from 1968 until July 2007, when we merged with an entity controlled by investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts & Co. L.P., or KKR. In November 2009 our common stock again became publicly traded, and in December 2013 the entity controlled by investment funds affiliated with KKR sold
its remaining shares of our common stock.  

 


 


Our Business Model   

         Our long history of profitable growth is founded on a commitment to a relatively simple business model: providing a broad base of
customers with their basic everyday and household needs, supplemented with a variety of general merchandise items, at everyday low prices in conveniently located, small-box stores. We continually
evaluate the needs and demands of our customers and modify our merchandise selections and pricing accordingly, while remaining focused on increasing profitability and returns for our shareholders.  

         In
fiscal year 2014, we achieved our 25 th  consecutive year of same-store sales growth. This growth, regardless of economic conditions, suggests that we have a less
cyclical business model than most retailers and, we believe, is a result of our compelling value and convenience proposition.  

          Compelling Value and Convenience Proposition.     Our ability to deliver highly competitive prices on national brand and quality
private brand products
in convenient locations and our easy "in and out" shopping format create a compelling shopping experience that distinguishes us from other discount retailers as well as convenience, drug and grocery
retailers. Our slogan "Save time. Save money. Every day!" summarizes our appeal to customers. We believe our ability to effectively deliver both value and convenience allows us to succeed in small
markets with limited shopping alternatives, as well as to profitably coexist alongside larger retailers in more competitive markets. Our value and convenience proposition is evidenced by the following
attributes of our business model:  

 
 
 •  Convenient Locations.   Our stores are conveniently located
in a variety of rural, suburban and urban communities, currently with approximately 70% serving communities with populations of fewer than 20,000. In more densely populated areas, our small-box stores
typically serve the closely surrounding neighborhoods. The majority of our customers live within three to five miles, or a 10-minute drive, of our stores. Our close proximity to customers drives
customer loyalty and trip frequency and makes us an attractive alternative to large discount and other large-box retail  
 
 2 

 
 

 
   
 
 

 and
grocery stores which are often located farther away. Our low-cost economic model enables us to serve many areas with fewer than 1,500 households.   

 
 
 •  Time-Saving Shopping Experience.   We also provide
customers with a highly convenient shopping experience. Our stores' smaller size allows us to locate parking near the front entrance. Our product offering includes most necessities, such as basic
packaged and refrigerated food and dairy products, cleaning supplies, paper products, health and beauty care items, greeting cards, basic apparel, housewares, hardware and automotive supplies, among
others. Our convenient hours and broad merchandise offering allow our customers to fulfill their routine shopping requirements and minimize their need to shop elsewhere.     
 •  Everyday Low Prices on Quality Merchandise.   Our research
indicates that we offer a price advantage over most food and drug retailers and that our prices are highly competitive with even the largest discount retailers. As such, we believe our emphasis on
affordability continues to resonate with our customers, propelling growth in sales, unit share, and dollar share as indicated in syndicated market share gains. Our ability to offer everyday low prices
on quality merchandise is supported by our low-cost operating structure and our strategy to maintain a limited number of stock keeping units ("SKUs") per category, which we believe helps us maintain
strong purchasing power. Most items are priced at $10 or less, with approximately 25% at $1 or less. We offer quality nationally advertised brands at these everyday low prices in addition to offering
our own comparable quality private brands at value prices.  
 

          Substantial Growth Opportunities.     We believe we have substantial long-term growth potential in the U.S. We have identified
significant opportunities
to add new stores in both existing and new markets. In addition, we have opportunities to relocate or remodel locations within our existing store base to better serve our customers.  


         Our
attractive store economics, including a relatively low initial investment and simple, low cost operating model have allowed us to grow our store base to current levels and provide us
significant opportunities to continue our profitable store growth strategy.  

 


 


Our Operating Priorities   

         We believe we continue to have significant opportunities to drive profitable growth by continuing to expand upon our simple business
model, which is largely focused on serving the needs of low and fixed income consumers, segments of the U.S. population that have continued to grow over the past several years. We believe our four key
operating priorities are critical to the long-term growth and profitability of our company. These priorities are 1) drive productive sales growth; 2) enhance our gross profit rate;
3) leverage process improvements and information technology to reduce costs; and 4) strengthen and expand Dollar General's culture of serving others.  

          Drive Productive Sales Growth.     We believe our customer-driven merchandise mix and attractive value proposition, combined with
the impact of our
remodeled and relocated stores provide a strong basis for increased same-store sales. On a comparable 52-week basis, our same-store sales increased 2.8% in 2014, 3.3% in 2013 and 4.7% in 2012. Our
average net sales per square foot, based on total stores, increased to $223 in 2014 from $220 in 2013 and $216 in 2012.  

         In
2014 we continued to innovate in our ongoing pursuit to maximize the sales productivity of our stores, experiencing continued success of our 2013 introduction of tobacco products with
positive comparable same-store sales after the anniversary. Among other initiatives, we further expanded our perishables offerings to meet the needs of our customer and renewed our focus on $1 to $5
items, with more than 75% of our SKUs at 2014 year-end priced at $5 or less. Selling tobacco products and perishables drives more frequent shopping trips by our existing customers and attracts
new customers by making our stores more relevant to a broader customer base. We believe we have opportunities to  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 increase
our store productivity in 2015 through continued improvements in store space utilization, pricing and markdown optimization and additional merchandising initiatives, such as furthering the
successful launch of our DG Digital Coupons program, which allows our customers to access digital coupons via the internet, smartphones and similar devices.  

         Our
new store expansion strategy also is a critical element of our priority to drive productive sales growth. We have confidence in our real estate disciplines and in our ability to
identify, open and operate successful new stores. In 2014, we opened 700 new stores and increased our selling square
footage by over 6%. We invest significant time and energy into analyzing new store opportunities. Our site selection technology affirms our confidence in our ability to accelerate the expansion of our
store base in 2016. In 2015, we plan to open 730 new stores and increase our square footage by 6% as we continue to expand in our core markets as well as newer states. We also plan to continue to
remodel stores to update our appearance and relocate stores to increase square footage, where needed, improve visibility and accessibility or to obtain more attractive lease terms.  


         Enhance Our Gross Profit Rate.     Another key component of our growth strategy is enhancing our gross profit rate.  

         We
remain committed to an everyday low price ("EDLP") strategy that our customers can depend on. To strengthen our adherence to this strategy and still maximize gross profit, we utilize
various pricing and merchandising options, including limited zone pricing, markdown optimization strategies and changes to our product selection, such as alternate national brands and private brands,
which generally have higher gross profit rates. A successful first full year of offering tobacco products and our continued expansion of perishable food items contributed significantly to increases in
sales and gross profit dollars during 2014, although, as expected, at a lower gross profit rate as a percentage of sales. Importantly, we believe these categories are instrumental to attaining our
goals of driving more frequent shopping trips, higher average ticket, and attracting new customers. We believe our initiatives to improve inventory shrinkage are having an impact, with our inventory
shrinkage rate as a percent to sales leveling off in 2014 compared to 2013. In addition, we maintain an ongoing focus on reducing transportation and distribution costs as well as efforts to minimize
inventory damages.  

         Over
the long term, we will continue our efforts to reduce product costs through shrink reduction, further expansion of our private brands, foreign sourcing, the use of online
procurement auctions and incremental distribution and transportation efficiencies. We also plan to continue to refine our product selection to meet our customers' needs in our home, apparel and
seasonal categories, which generally have higher gross profit rates than consumables.  

          Leverage Process Improvements and Information Technology to Reduce Costs.     As part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cost
structure and enhance
efficiencies throughout the organization, in 2014 we made further progress in simplifying our store processes. This progress contributed to a reduction in store labor as a percentage of sales. In
addition, we realized cost savings from our centralized procurement initiative and other expense reduction efforts. In 2015, we expect to achieve further savings from our mining for cost reduction
initiatives and will remain focused on controlling those expenses that are within our control. Factors primarily related to our cash incentive compensation plan caused certain expenses in 2014 to be
higher than in 2013, as explained in further detail in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Part II, Item 7 of this report.  

          Strengthen and Expand Our Culture of Serving Others.     The mission of "Serving Others" has been key to the culture of Dollar
General for many years and
we recognize the importance of this mission to our long-term success. For customers this means helping them "Save time. Save money. Every day!" by providing clean, well-stocked stores with quality
products at low prices. For employees, this means creating an environment that attracts and retains key employees throughout the organization. For the  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 public,
this means giving back to our store communities through our charitable and other efforts. For shareholders, this means meeting their expectations of an efficiently and profitably run
organization that operates with compassion and integrity.  


 


 


Our Merchandise   

         We offer a focused assortment of everyday necessities, which drive frequent customer visits, and key items in a broad range of general
merchandise categories. Our product assortment provides the opportunity for our customers to address most of their basic shopping needs with one trip. We sell high-quality national brands from leading
manufacturers such as Procter & Gamble, PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, Nestle, General Mills, Unilever, Kimberly Clark, Kellogg's and Nabisco, which are typically found at higher retail prices elsewhere.
Additionally, our private brand consumables offer even greater value with options to purchase value items and national brand equivalent products at substantial discounts to the national brand.  


         Our
stores generally offer approximately 11,000 total SKUs per store; however, the number of SKUs in a given store can vary based upon the store's size, geographic location,
merchandising initiatives, seasonality, and other factors. Most of our products are priced at $10 or less, with approximately 25% at $1 or less and over 75% at $5 or less. We separate our merchandise
into four categories: 1) consumables; 2) seasonal; 3) home products; and 4) apparel.  

         Consumables
is our largest category and includes paper and cleaning products (such as paper towels, bath tissue, paper dinnerware, trash and storage bags, laundry and other home cleaning
supplies); packaged food (such as cereals, canned soups and vegetables, condiments, spices, sugar and flour); perishables (such as milk, eggs, bread, frozen meals, beer and wine); snacks (including
candy, cookies, crackers, salty snacks and carbonated beverages); health and beauty (including over-the-counter
medicines and personal care products, such as soap, body wash, shampoo, dental hygiene and foot care products); pet (including pet supplies and pet food); and tobacco products.  

         Seasonal
products include decorations, toys, batteries, small electronics, greeting cards, stationery, prepaid phones and accessories, gardening supplies, hardware, automotive and home
office supplies.  

         Home
products includes kitchen supplies, cookware, small appliances, light bulbs, storage containers, frames, candles, craft supplies and kitchen, bed and bath soft goods.  

         Apparel
includes casual everyday apparel for infants, toddlers, girls, boys, women and men, as well as socks, underwear, disposable diapers, shoes and accessories.  


         The
percentage of net sales of each of our four categories of merchandise for the fiscal years indicated below was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Consumables 
   
   
 75.7 
 % 
   
 75.2 
 % 
   
 73.9 
 % 
 
 
   Seasonal 
   
   
 12.4 
 % 
   
 12.9 
 % 
   
 13.6 
 % 
 
 
   Home products 
   
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.6 
 % 
 
 
   Apparel 
   
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.9 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          Our
seasonal and home products categories typically account for the highest gross profit margins, and the consumables category typically accounts for the lowest gross profit margin.  

 


 


The Dollar General Store   

         The typical Dollar General store has, on average, approximately 7,400 square feet of selling space and is typically operated by a store
manager, one or more assistant store managers, and three or more sales associates. Approximately 68% of our stores are in freestanding buildings and 32% are in strip  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 shopping
centers. Most of our customers live within three to five miles, or a 10 minute drive, of our stores.  

         Our
typical store features a low cost, no frills building with limited maintenance capital, low operating costs, and a focused merchandise offering within a broad range of categories,
allowing us to deliver low retail prices while generating strong cash flows and investment returns. Our initial capital investment in new stores and relocations varies depending on the lease structure
or ownership as well as the size and location of the store and the number of coolers appropriate for the location.  

         We
generally have had good success in locating suitable store sites in the past, and we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in existing and new markets. In
addition, we believe we have significant opportunities available for our relocation and remodel programs.  

         Our
store growth over the past three years is summarized in the following table:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Year

 

  
   
 Stores at 
Beginning 
of Year  
   
 Stores 
Opened  
   
 Stores 
Closed  
   
 Net 
Store 
Increase  
   
 Stores at 
End of Year  
   
 
 
   2012 
   
   
 9,937 
   
   
 625 
   
   
 56 
   
   
 569 
   
   
 10,506 
   
 
 
   2013 
   
   
 10,506 
   
   
 650 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 626 
   
   
 11,132 
   
 
 
   2014 
   
   
 11,132 
   
   
 700 
   
   
 43 
   
   
 657 
   
   
 11,789 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Our Customers   

         Our customers seek value and convenience. Depending on their financial situation and geographic proximity, customers' reliance on
Dollar General varies from using Dollar General for fill-in shopping, to making periodic trips to stock up on household items, to making weekly or more frequent trips to meet most essential needs. We
generally locate our stores and plan our merchandise selections to best serve the needs of our core customers, the low and fixed income households often underserved by other retailers, and we are
focused on helping them make the most of their spending dollars. At the same time, however, loyal Dollar General shoppers from a wide range of income brackets and life stages appreciate our quality
merchandise as well as our attractive value and convenience proposition.  

         To
attract new and retain existing customers, we continue to focus on product quality, product selection, in-stock levels, pricing, targeted advertising, store standards, convenient site
locations, and a pleasant overall customer experience.  


 


 


Our Suppliers   

         We purchase merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers and maintain direct buying relationships with many producers of national brand
merchandise, such as Procter & Gamble, PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, Nestle, General Mills, Unilever, Kimberly Clark, Kellogg's and Nabisco. Despite our broad offering, we maintain only a limited number
of SKUs per category, giving us a pricing advantage in dealing with our suppliers. Our largest and second largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 7% of our purchases in 2014. Our private
brands come from a diversified supplier base. We directly imported approximately $770 million or 6% of our purchases at cost (9% of our purchases based on their retail value) in 2014. Our
vendor arrangements generally provide for payment for such merchandise in U.S. dollars.  

         We
have consistently managed to obtain sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe that, if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we would generally
be able to obtain alternative sources without experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs or reduce the quality of our
merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales.  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Distribution and Transportation   

         Our stores are currently supported by twelve distribution centers located strategically throughout our geographic footprint. We have
also broken ground on our 13 th  distribution center in San Antonio, Texas which we expect to be operational by the end of 2015. We lease additional temporary warehouse space as
necessary to support our distribution needs. Over the past few years we have made significant investments in facilities, technological improvements and upgrades, and we continue to improve work
processes, all of which increase our efficiency and ability to support our merchandising and operations initiatives as well as our new store growth. We continually analyze and rebalance the network to
ensure that it remains efficient and provides the service our stores require. See "—Properties" for additional information pertaining to our distribution centers.  

         Most
of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers and is delivered to our stores by third-party trucking firms, utilizing our trailers. During 2014, the entire trucking
industry experienced driver capacity issues and these shortages affected our transportation costs. Further, our agreements with trucking firms are based on estimated costs of diesel fuel, with the
difference in estimated and current market fuel costs passed through to us. In late 2014, we began to see a decline in global oil prices which had a corresponding effect on the price of diesel fuel.
The costs of diesel fuel are significantly influenced by international, political and economic circumstances. If fuel price increases were to occur for any reason, including fuel supply shortages or
unusual price volatility, the resulting higher fuel prices could materially increase our transportation costs.  


 


 


Seasonality   

         Our business is seasonal to a certain extent. Generally, our highest sales volume occurs in the fourth quarter, which includes the
Christmas selling season, and the lowest occurs in the first quarter. In addition, our quarterly results can be affected by the timing of certain holidays, the timing of new store openings and store
closings, the amount of sales contributed by new and existing stores, as well as financial transactions such as stock repurchases. We typically purchase substantial amounts of inventory in the third
quarter and incur higher shipping and payroll costs in anticipation of increased sales activity during the fourth quarter. In addition, we carry merchandise during our fourth quarter that we do not
carry during the rest of the year, such as gift sets, holiday decorations, certain baking items, and a broader assortment of toys and candy.  

 7 

 
 
 
   


         The
following table reflects the seasonality of net sales, gross profit, and net income by quarter for each of the quarters of our three most recent fiscal years. Each of the quarters
reflected below were comprised of 13 weeks.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions)

 

  
   
 1 st  Quarter  
   
 2 nd  Quarter  
   
 3 rd  Quarter  
   
 4 th  Quarter  
   
 
 
   Year Ended January 30, 2015 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,522.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,724.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,724.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,939.1 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,357.7 
   
   
 1,455.6 
   
   
 1,423.7 
   
   
 1,565.4 
   
 
 
   Net income(a) 
   
   
 222.4 
   
   
 251.3 
   
   
 236.3 
   
   
 355.4 
   
 
 
   Year Ended January 31, 2014 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,233.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,394.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,381.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,493.9 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,295.1 
   
   
 1,377.3 
   
   
 1,328.5 
   
   
 1,434.8 
   
 
 
   Net income(b) 
   
   
 220.1 
   
   
 245.5 
   
   
 237.4 
   
   
 322.2 
   
 
 
   Year Ended February 1, 2013 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,901.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,948.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,964.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,207.6 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,228.3 
   
   
 1,263.2 
   
   
 1,226.1 
   
   
 1,367.8 
   
 
 
   Net income(c) 
   
   
 213.4 
   
   
 214.1 
   
   
 207.7 
   
   
 317.4 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Includes
expenses, net of income taxes, of $7.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively, related to an attempted business acquisition in the
third and fourth quarters of 2014.
 (b) Includes
expenses, net of income taxes, of $11.5 million related to the termination of credit facilities in the first quarter of 2013.
 (c) Includes
expenses, net of income taxes, of $17.7 million related to the redemption of long-term obligations in the second quarter of 2012.  
  
  


 


Our Competition   

         We operate in the basic discount consumer goods market, which is highly competitive with respect to price, store location, merchandise
quality, assortment and presentation, in-stock consistency, and customer service. We compete with discount stores and with many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery,
drug, convenience, variety and other specialty stores. These other retail companies operate stores in many of the areas where we operate, and many of them engage in extensive advertising and marketing
efforts. Our direct competitors include Family Dollar, Dollar Tree, Fred's, 99 Cents Only and various local, independent operators, as well as Walmart, Target, Kroger, Aldi, Walgreens, CVS, and Rite
Aid, among others. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do.  

         We
differentiate ourselves from other forms of retailing by offering consistently low prices in a convenient, small-store format. We believe that our prices are competitive due in part
to our low cost operating structure and the relatively limited assortment of products offered. Purchasing large volumes of merchandise within our focused assortment in each merchandise category allows
us to keep our average costs low, contributing to our ability to offer competitive everyday low prices to our customers. See "—Our Business Model" above for further discussion of our
competitive situation.  

 


 


Our Employees   

         As of February 27, 2015, we employed approximately 105,500 full-time and part-time employees, including divisional and regional
managers, district managers, store managers,
other store personnel and distribution center and administrative personnel. We have increasingly focused on recruiting, training, motivating and retaining employees, and we believe that the quality,
performance and morale  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 of
our employees have increased as a result. We currently are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements.  

 


 


Our Trademarks   

         We own marks that are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and are protected under applicable intellectual
property laws, including without limitation the trademarks Dollar General®, Dollar General Market®, Clover Valley®, DG®, DG Deals®, Forever
Pals®, I*Magine®, OT Sport®, Smart & Simple®, trueliving®, Sweet Smiles®, Open Trails®, Bobbie
Brooks®, Comfort Bay®, Holiday Style®, and Ever Pet TM  along with variations and formatives of these trademarks as well as certain other trademarks. We
attempt to obtain registration of our trademarks whenever practicable and to pursue vigorously any infringement of those marks. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however,
assuming that the trademark registrations are properly renewed, they have a perpetual duration.  


         We
also hold an exclusive license to the Rexall brand through March 5, 2020.  

 


 


Available Information   

         Our Internet website address is www.dollargeneral.com. We file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders,
and, from time to time, registration statements and
other documents. These documents are available free of charge to investors on or through the Investor Information section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file
them with or furnish them to the SEC. In addition, the public may read and copy any of the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington DC
20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and
information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Dollar General, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov.  

 9 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

   
       ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS          

         You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report and other filings that we
make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations or liquidity. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could also be adversely affected by
additional factors that apply to all companies generally or by risks not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial. We can provide no assurance and make no representation that
our risk mitigation efforts, although we believe they are reasonable, will be successful.  

         


 


Current economic conditions and other economic factors may adversely affect our financial
performance and other aspects of our business by negatively impacting our customers' disposable income or discretionary spending, increasing our costs of goods sold and selling, general and
administrative expenses, and adversely affecting our sales or profitability.   

         We believe many of our customers have fixed or low incomes and generally have limited discretionary spending dollars. Any factor that
could adversely affect that disposable income would decrease our customers' spending and could cause our customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us or to our less
profitable product choices, all of which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, a change in the mix of products we sell, and a reduction in
profitability due to lower margins. Factors
that could reduce our customers' disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include but are not limited to adverse economic conditions such as increased or sustained high unemployment
or underemployment levels, inflation, increases in fuel or other energy costs and interest rates, lack of available credit, consumer debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws,
concerns over government mandated participation in health insurance programs and increasing healthcare costs, and decreases in government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs.  

         Many
of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as commodity rates, transportation costs (including the costs of diesel fuel), costs of labor, insurance and
healthcare, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, lease costs, measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in other laws and regulations and other
economic factors, also affect our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control,
all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. We have limited or no ability to control many of these factors.  

         


 


Our plans depend significantly on strategies and initiatives designed to increase sales and improve
the efficiencies, costs and effectiveness of our operations, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could affect our performance adversely.   


         We have strategies and initiatives (such as those relating to merchandising, sourcing, shrink, private brand, distribution and
transportation, store operations, expense reduction, and real estate) in various stages of testing, evaluation, and implementation, upon which we expect to rely to continue to improve our results of
operations and financial condition and to achieve our financial plans. These initiatives are inherently risky and uncertain, even when tested successfully, in their application to our business in
general. It is possible that successful testing can result partially from resources and attention that cannot be duplicated in broader implementation, particularly in light of the diverse geographic
locations of our stores and the decentralized nature of our field management. General implementation also may be negatively affected by other risk factors described herein. Successful systemwide
implementation relies on consistency of training, stability of workforce, ease of execution, and the absence of offsetting factors that can influence results adversely. Failure to achieve successful
implementation of our  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 initiatives
or the cost of these initiatives exceeding management's estimates could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

         The
success of our merchandising initiatives, particularly those with respect to non-consumable merchandise and store-specific products and allocations, depends in part upon our ability
to predict consistently and successfully the products that our customers will demand and to identify and timely respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and
needs. If we are unable to select products that are attractive to customers, to obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell them at an acceptable profit, or to effectively market such
products, our sales, market share and profitability could be adversely affected. If our merchandising efforts in the non-consumables area or the higher margin areas within consumables are
unsuccessful, we could be further adversely affected by our inability to offset the lower margins associated with our consumables business. Further, our merchandising efforts in the consumables area,
including tobacco products, may not generate the net sales growth and increase customer traffic to the levels needed to offset the lower margins generated by sales of consumables and maintain our
targeted gross profit margins.  

         


 


If we cannot open, relocate or remodel stores profitably and on schedule, our planned future growth
will be impeded, which would adversely affect sales.   

         Our ability to open, relocate and remodel profitable stores is a key component of our planned future growth. Our ability to timely open
stores and to expand into additional market areas depends in part on the following factors: the availability of attractive store locations; the absence of entitlement process or occupancy delays; the
ability to negotiate acceptable lease and development terms; the ability to hire and train new personnel, especially store managers, in a cost effective manner; the ability to identify customer demand
in different geographic areas; general economic conditions; and the availability of capital funding for expansion. Many of these factors also affect our ability to successfully relocate stores, and
many of them are beyond our control.  

         Delays
or failures in opening new stores or completing relocations or remodels, or achieving lower than expected sales in new stores, could materially adversely affect our growth and/or
profitability. We also may not anticipate all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of our operations and, as a result, may not meet our targets for opening new stores, remodeling or relocating
stores or expanding profitably.  

         Some
new stores may be located in areas where we have little or no meaningful experience or brand recognition. Those areas may have different competitive and market conditions, consumer
tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets, as well as higher cost of entry, which may cause our new stores to be initially less successful than stores in our existing
markets.  

         Many
new stores will be located in areas where we have existing stores. Although we have experience in these areas, increasing the number of locations in these markets may result in
inadvertent oversaturation and temporarily or permanently divert customers and sales from our existing stores, thereby adversely affecting our overall financial performance.  

         


 


Our profitability may be negatively affected by inventory shrinkage.   

         We are subject to the risk of inventory loss and theft. We experience significant inventory shrinkage and cannot be sure that
incidences of inventory loss and theft will decrease in the future or that the measures we are taking will effectively reduce the problem of inventory shrinkage. Although some level of inventory
shrinkage is an unavoidable cost of doing business, if we were to experience higher rates of inventory shrinkage or incur increased security or other costs to combat inventory theft, our results of
operations and financial condition could be affected adversely.  

 11 

 
 
 
   

         


 


We face intense competition that could limit our growth opportunities and adversely impact our
financial performance.   

         The retail business is highly competitive with respect to price, store location, merchandise quality, assortment and presentation,
in-stock consistency, customer service, aggressive promotional activity, customers, and employees. We compete with retailers operating discount, mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug,
convenience, variety and other specialty stores. This competitive environment subjects us to the risk of adverse impact to our financial performance because of the lower prices, and thus the lower
margins, that may be required to maintain our competitive position. Also, companies like ours, due to customer demographics and other factors, may have limited ability to increase prices in response
to increased costs without losing competitive position. This limitation may adversely affect our margins and financial performance. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution,
marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to secure better arrangements with suppliers than we can. If we fail to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail
markets, it could adversely affect our financial performance.  

         Competition
for customers has intensified as competitors have moved into, or increased their presence in, our geographic markets and from the use of mobile and web-based technology that
facilitates online shopping and real-time product and price comparisons. We expect this competition to continue to increase. In addition, some of our large box competitors are or may be developing
small box formats, and increasing the pace at which they will open the small box formats, which will produce more competition. We remain vulnerable to the marketing power and high level of consumer
recognition of these larger competitors and to the risk that these competitors or others could venture into our
industry in a significant way. Further, consolidation within the discount retail industry could significantly alter the competitive dynamics of the retail marketplace. This consolidation may result in
competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration and other improvements in their competitive positions, as well as result in the
provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by these consolidated companies, which could adversely affect our financial performance.  


         


 


Our private brands may not maintain broad market acceptance and increase the risks we face.   

         The sale of private brand items is an important component of our future sales growth and gross profit rate enhancement plans. We have
invested in our development and procurement resources and marketing efforts relating to these private brand offerings. We believe that our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private
brands depends on many factors, including pricing, our costs, quality and customer perception. We may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands. The expansion of our private
brand offerings also subjects us to certain risks, such as: potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights and
successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; our ability to successfully administer and comply with applicable contractual obligations and regulatory
requirements; and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. An increase in sales of our private brands may also adversely
affect sales of our vendors' products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our relationship with certain of our vendors. Any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could have a
significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  


         


 


A significant disruption to our distribution network, to the capacity of our distribution centers or
to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.   

         We rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Using
various modes of transportation, including ocean, rail, and truck, we  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 and
our vendors move goods from vendor locations to our distribution centers. Deliveries to our stores occur from our distribution centers or directly from our vendors. Any disruption, unanticipated
or unusual expense or operational failure related to this process could affect store operations negatively. For example, delivery delays or increases in transportation costs (including through
increased fuel costs, increased carrier rates or driver wages as a result of driver shortages, a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments, or work stoppages or slowdowns) could
significantly decrease our ability to make sales and earn profits. Labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international
transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries or which would necessitate our securing alternative labor or shipping suppliers could also increase our costs or
otherwise negatively affect our business.  

         We
maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new facilities to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening distribution centers could adversely affect
our future financial performance by slowing store growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth, or by increasing transportation costs. In addition, distribution-related construction or expansion
projects entail risks that could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or
geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of these projects could differ significantly from
initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets.  

         


 


Risks associated with or faced by our suppliers could adversely affect our financial performance.   

         The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers, and we are dependent on our vendors to
supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. In 2014, our largest and second largest suppliers each accounted for 7% of our purchases. We have not experienced any difficulty in obtaining
sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe that, if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we would generally be able to obtain alternative sources without
experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs, result in a temporary reduction in store inventory levels, and reduce the
quality of our merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales. Additionally, if a supplier fails to deliver on its commitments, whether due to financial
difficulties or other reasons, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and damage to our reputation.  


         We
directly imported approximately 6% of our purchases (measured at cost) in 2014, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products.
Changes to the prices and flow of these goods for any reason, such as political unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations,
disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet
our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following
the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties, merchandise quality or safety issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost,
transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, are beyond our control and could adversely affect our
operations and profitability. While we are working to reduce our dependency on goods produced in China, a substantial amount of our imported merchandise still comes from China, and thus, a change in
the Chinese leadership, internal economic stimulus actions, or currency or other policies could negatively impact our merchandise costs. In addition, the United States' foreign trade policies, tariffs
and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 certain
types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. These and other
factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. As we increase our imports of merchandise from foreign vendors, the risks
associated with foreign imports will increase, and we may be exposed to additional risks as we increase imports of goods produced in countries other than China.  


         


 


Product liability and food safety claims could adversely affect our business, reputation and
financial performance.   

         Despite our best efforts to ensure the quality, safety and freshness of the products that we sell in all of our stores, we may be
subject to product liability claims from customers or actions required or penalties assessed by government agencies relating to products, including but not limited to food products that are recalled,
defective or otherwise alleged to be harmful. Such claims may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects,
substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases. All of our vendors and their products must comply with applicable product
and food safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. We generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our
suppliers. However, if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our ability to obtain indemnification from foreign suppliers may be hindered by the manufacturers' lack of understanding of U.S. product liability or other laws, which may result in our
having to respond to claims or complaints from customers as if we were the manufacturer. Even with adequate insurance and indemnification, such claims could significantly damage our reputation and
consumer confidence in our products. Our litigation expenses
could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued.  

         


 


We are subject to governmental regulations, procedures and requirements. A significant change in, or
noncompliance with, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.   

         Our business is subject to numerous and increasing federal, state and local laws and regulations. We routinely incur significant costs
in complying with these regulations. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are increasing due to expanding and additional legal and
regulatory requirements and increased enforcement efforts. New laws or regulations, particularly those dealing with healthcare reform, product safety, food safety, information security and privacy,
and labor and employment, among others, or changes in existing laws and regulations, particularly those governing the sale of products, may result in significant added expenses or may require
extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement and/or could materially increase our cost of doing business. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations
or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall, can result in the imposition of penalties, including loss of licenses or significant fines or monetary penalties, class action
litigation or other litigation, in addition to reputational damage. Additionally, changes in tax laws, the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on
examination could adversely affect our effective tax rate.  

         


 


Litigation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.   

         Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies
and others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The number of employment-related class actions  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 filed
each year has continued to increase, and recent changes and proposed changes in Federal and state laws, regulations and agency guidance may cause claims to rise even more. The outcome of
litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, regulatory actions and intellectual property claims, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very
large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if
decided adversely to
us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. The cost
to defend future litigation may be significant. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether
the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See Note 8 to the
consolidated financial statements for further details regarding certain of these pending matters.  

         


 


Natural disasters (whether or not caused by climate change), unusual weather conditions, pandemic
outbreaks, terrorist acts, and global political events could disrupt business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance.   

         The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes and earthquakes, unusual weather
conditions, pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts or disruptive global political events, such as civil unrest in countries in which our suppliers are located, or similar disruptions could adversely
affect our business and financial performance. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect consumer shopping patterns, which could lead to lost sales or greater than expected
markdowns and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. To the extent these events result in the closure of one or more of our distribution centers, a significant number of stores, or our
corporate headquarters or impact one or more of our key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be materially adversely affected through an inability to make deliveries or provide
other support functions to our stores and through lost sales. In addition, these events could result in increases in fuel (or other energy) prices or a fuel shortage, delays in opening new stores, the
temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some domestic and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the
transport of goods from overseas, delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores, the inability of customers to reach or have transportation to our stores directly affected by
such events, the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and disruption of our utility services or to our information systems. These events also can have indirect
consequences such as increases in the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage.  

         


 


Material damage or interruptions to our information systems as a result of external factors,
staffing shortages or challenges or difficulties in maintaining or updating our existing technology or developing or implementing new technology could have a material adverse effect on our business or
results of operations.   

         We depend on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business and are continually improving
our information processes and computer systems to better run our business. These technology initiatives may not deliver desired results or may do so on a delayed schedule. Additionally, such systems
are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cybersecurity breaches, natural disasters and human error. Damage or interruption
to these systems
may require a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, may experience loss or corruption of critical data and may receive
negative publicity, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.  

 15 

 
 
 
   

         We
also rely heavily on our information technology staff. Failure to meet these staffing needs may negatively affect our ability to fulfill our technology initiatives while continuing to
provide maintenance on existing systems. We rely on certain vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. The software programs
supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. The inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and
software programs would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. In addition, costs and potential
problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the
efficiency of our operations.  

         


 


Failure to attract, train and retain qualified employees while controlling labor costs, as well as
other labor issues, could adversely affect our financial performance.   

         Our future growth and performance and positive customer experience depends on our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate
qualified employees, many of whom are in positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling our labor costs, is subject to many external
factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel in a given market, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, health and other
insurance costs, and changes in employment and labor laws (including changes in the process for our employees to join a union) or other workplace regulations (including changes in "entitlement"
programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs). If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers of qualified employees, our operations, customer service levels and support
functions could suffer. To the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor costs could increase. In addition, the fees and design changes required
by comprehensive healthcare reform legislation will likely continue to increase our healthcare costs as the provisions of the legislation are being phased in over time and individuals determine how to
respond. Our ability to pass along labor costs to our customers is constrained by our everyday low price model.  


         


 


Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel. If we lose key personnel or
are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our business may be harmed.   

         Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key
personnel. The unexpected loss of the services of any of our executive officers could have an adverse effect on our operations. There can be no assurance that our executive succession planning,
retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Competition for skilled and experienced management personnel is intense, and our future success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel, and a failure to attract and retain new qualified personnel could have an adverse effect on our operations. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance policies with
respect to our executive officers or key personnel.  

         We
have benefitted substantially from the leadership and performance of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Richard W. Dreiling. As we have previously disclosed,
Mr. Dreiling will retire on January 29, 2016. We are currently conducting a search for a new chief executive. We cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience a disruption in
our executive management in connection with Mr. Dreiling's retirement or our transition to a new chief executive, which could adversely affect our strategic planning and execution.  


         


 


Our cash flows from operations may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our
inventory balances.   

         Our inventory balance represented approximately 49% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill and other intangible assets as of
January 30, 2015. Efficient inventory management is a key component of  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 our
business success and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product mix to meet our customers' demands without allowing those levels to
increase to such an extent that the costs to store and hold the goods unduly impacts our financial results or that subjects us to the risk of increased inventory shrinkage. If our buying decisions do
not accurately predict customer trends, we inappropriately price products or our expectations about customer spending levels are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of
the excess inventory, which also can adversely impact our financial results. We continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot make assurances that we will be successful in our
inventory
management. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our cash flows from operations may be negatively affected.  

         


 


Because our business is seasonal to a certain extent, with the highest volume of net sales during
the fourth quarter, adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our financial statements as a whole.   

         We generally recognize our highest volume of net sales during the Christmas selling season, which occurs in the fourth quarter of our
fiscal year. In anticipation of this holiday, we purchase substantial amounts of seasonal inventory. Adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, high unemployment, high gas prices,
public transportation disruptions, or unusual or unanticipated adverse weather could result in lower-than-planned sales during the holiday season. An excess of seasonal merchandise inventory could
result if our net sales during the Christmas selling season fall below seasonal norms or expectations. If our fourth quarter sales results were substantially below expectations, our financial
performance and operating results could be adversely affected by unanticipated markdowns, especially in seasonal merchandise.  

         


 


Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial
performance.   

         Our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are
prudent based on the dispersion of our operations. However, there are types of losses we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure,
such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crime, wage and hour and other employment-related claims, including class actions, and some natural disasters. If we incur these losses
and they are material, our business could suffer. Certain material events may result in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance coverage
or result in excessive premium increases. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage in response to these
market changes. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers' compensation, automobile liability, general liability and group health insurance programs.
Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including expected increases in medical and indemnity
costs, could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Although we
continue to maintain property insurance for catastrophic events at our store support center and distribution centers, we are effectively self-insured for other property losses. If we experience a
greater number of these losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected.  

 17 

 
 
 
   

         


 


Any failure to maintain the security of information we hold relating to our customers, employees and
vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could expose us to litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures, and could materially disrupt our
operations and harm our reputation.   

         In connection with sales, we transmit confidential credit and debit card information. We also have access to, collect or maintain
certain private or confidential information regarding our customers, employees and vendors, as well as our business. We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard such data and information.
To our knowledge, computer hackers have not gained significant access to the information stored in, or otherwise gained access to, our information and technology systems. However, cyberattacks are
rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. Additionally, under certain circumstances, we may share information with vendors that assist us in conducting our business, as required by
law, or with the permission of the individual. While we have implemented procedures to protect our information and require appropriate controls of our vendors, it is possible that computer hackers and
others might compromise our security measures or those of our technology and other vendors in the future and obtain the personal information of our customers, employees and vendors that we hold or our
business information.  

         Because
we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards ("PCI DSS"), issued by the Payment Card Industry Security
Standards Council. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing, and transmission of cardholder data.
Complying with PCI DSS standards and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. Even if we comply with PCI DSS
standards, we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cyber-security attacks or other breach of cardholder data.  

         A
security breach of any kind, which could be undetected for a period of time, or any failure by us to comply with the applicable privacy and information security laws, regulations and
standards could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures (including, for example, credit monitoring services for affected customers, as
well as further upgrades to our security measures) which may not be covered by our insurance policies, and could materially disrupt our operations. Any resulting negative media attention and publicity
could significantly harm our reputation which could cause us to lose market share as a result of customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores
altogether and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.  

         


 


Deterioration in market conditions or changes in our credit profile could adversely affect our
ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy or other opportunities or to react to changes in the economy or our industry.   

         We obtain and manage liquidity from the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to capital markets,
including our credit facility. Changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing, make it
more difficult to obtain favorable terms, or restrict our access to this source of future liquidity. There is no assurance that our ability to obtain additional financing through the capital markets
will not be adversely impacted by economic conditions. Our debt securities currently have an investment grade rating, and a downgrade of this rating likely would make it more difficult or expensive
for us to obtain additional financing and would increase the cost of borrowing under our credit facility, which could adversely affect our cash flow and limit our growth strategy or other
opportunities or our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry.  

 18 

 
 
 
   

         At
January 30, 2015, we had total outstanding debt (including the current portion of long-term obligations) of approximately $2.74 billion. We also had an additional
$821.5 million available for borrowing under our unsecured revolving credit facility. This level of debt could have important negative consequences to our business,
including: 

 
 
 •  requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our
indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities, repurchase shares of our common stock, declare
dividends on our common stock or otherwise manage our debt and capital levels;  
 •  making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital to fund our operations and pursue our growth strategy, including by
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements; and  
 •  placing us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less leveraged and may be better able to use their cash flow to fund
competitive responses to changing industry, market or economic conditions.  
 

         


 


Our debt agreements contain restrictions that could limit our flexibility in operating our business.   


         Our credit facilities and the indenture governing our notes contain various covenants that could limit our ability to engage in
specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: 

 
 
 •  incur indebtedness of subsidiaries;  
 •  create certain liens or encumbrances;  
 •  merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and    
 •  make any material change in the nature of our business.  
 

         We
are also subject to specified financial ratio covenants under our credit facilities. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we
cannot assure you that we will meet these ratios and other covenants. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the agreement governing such indebtedness and inability to
borrow additional amounts under
our revolving credit facility. Upon our failure to maintain compliance with these covenants, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and
terminate all commitments to extend further credit thereunder. If the lenders under such indebtedness accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot make assurances that we will have sufficient
assets to repay those borrowings, as well as our other indebtedness, including our outstanding notes.  

         


 


New accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting
guidance could adversely affect our financial performance.   

         The implementation of proposed new accounting standards may require extensive systems, internal process and other changes that could
increase our operating costs, and may also result in changes to our financial statements. In particular, the implementation of expected future accounting standards related to leases, as currently
being contemplated by the convergence project between the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") and the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"), as well as the possible adoption of
international financial reporting standards by U.S. registrants, could require us to make significant changes to our lease management, fixed asset, and other accounting systems, and, if implemented,
are likely to result in significant changes to our financial statements.  

 19 

 
 
 
   

         U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are
relevant to our business involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates
or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. The outcome of such changes could include litigation or regulatory actions which could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.   

   
       ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES          

         As of February 27, 2015, we operated 11,879 retail stores located in 43 states as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 State

 

  
   
 Number of 
Stores  
   
 State

 

  
   
 Number of 
Stores  
   
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 629 
   
 Nebraska 
   
   
 91 
   
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 87 
   
 Nevada 
   
   
 24 
   
 
 
   Arkansas 
   
   
 344 
   
 New Hampshire 
   
   
 14 
   
 
 
   California 
   
   
 142 
   
 New Jersey 
   
   
 83 
   
 
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 32 
   
 New Mexico 
   
   
 76 
   
 
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 26 
   
 New York 
   
   
 309 
   
 
 
   Delaware 
   
   
 37 
   
 North Carolina 
   
   
 633 
   
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 710 
   
 Ohio 
   
   
 643 
   
 
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 675 
   
 Oklahoma 
   
   
 373 
   
 
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 421 
   
 Oregon 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 416 
   
 Pennsylvania 
   
   
 520 
   
 
 
   Iowa 
   
   
 182 
   
 Rhode Island 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 204 
   
 South Carolina 
   
   
 437 
   
 
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 436 
   
 South Dakota 
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 472 
   
 Tennessee 
   
   
 613 
   
 
 
   Maine 
   
   
 2 
   
 Texas 
   
   
 1,246 
   
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 105 
   
 Utah 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 18 
   
 Vermont 
   
   
 26 
   
 
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 341 
   
 Virginia 
   
   
 321 
   
 
 
   Minnesota 
   
   
 48 
   
 West Virginia 
   
   
 189 
   
 
 
   Mississippi 
   
   
 389 
   
 Wisconsin 
   
   
 122 
   
 
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 412 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Most
of our stores are located in leased premises. Individual store leases vary as to their terms, rental provisions and expiration dates. Many stores are subject to build-to-suit
arrangements with landlords, which typically carry a primary lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options. We also have stores subject to shorter-term leases and many of these
leases have renewal options. A significant portion of our new stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements.  

 20 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

         As
of February 27, 2015, we operated twelve distribution centers, as described in the following table:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Location


 

  
   
 Year 
Opened  
   
 Approximate Square 
Footage  
   
 Number of 
Stores Served  
   
 
 
   Scottsville, KY 
   
   
 1959 
   
   
 720,000 
   
   
 800 
   
 
 
   Ardmore, OK 
   
   
 1994 
   
   
 1,310,000 
   
   
 1,414 
   
 
 
   South Boston, VA 
   
   
 1997 
   
   
 1,250,000 
   
   
 906 
   
 
 
   Indianola, MS 
   
   
 1998 
   
   
 820,000 
   
   
 873 
   
 
 
   Fulton, MO 
   
   
 1999 
   
   
 1,150,000 
   
   
 1,286 
   
 
 
   Alachua, FL 
   
   
 2000 
   
   
 980,000 
   
   
 1,019 
   
 
 
   Zanesville, OH 
   
   
 2001 
   
   
 1,170,000 
   
   
 1,145 
   
 
 
   Jonesville, SC 
   
   
 2005 
   
   
 1,120,000 
   
   
 1,113 
   
 
 
   Marion, IN 
   
   
 2006 
   
   
 1,110,000 
   
   
 1,193 
   
 
 
   Bessemer, AL 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 940,000 
   
   
 1,065 
   
 
 
   Lebec, CA 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 600,000 
   
   
 285 
   
 
 
   Bethel, PA 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 1,000,000 
   
   
 780 
   
 
 
 
  
          We
lease the distribution centers located in California, Oklahoma, Mississippi and Missouri and own the other eight distribution centers in the table above. Approximately 7.25 acres of
the land on which our Kentucky distribution center is located is subject to a ground lease. As of January 30, 2015, we leased approximately 444,000 square feet of additional temporary warehouse
space to support our distribution needs.  

         Our
executive offices are located in approximately 302,000 square feet of owned buildings and approximately 56,000 square feet of leased office space in Goodlettsville, Tennessee.  

   
       ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         The information contained in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements under the heading "Legal proceedings" contained in
Part II, Item 8 of this report is incorporated herein by this reference.   

   
       ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         None.  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 



 


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT   

         Information regarding our current executive officers as of March 19, 2015 is set forth below. Each of our executive officers
serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is elected annually by the Board to serve until a successor is duly elected. There are no familial relationships between any of our directors or
executive officers.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Age  
   
 Position  
 
 
   Richard W. Dreiling 
   
   
 61 
   
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
   Todd J. Vasos 
   
   
 53 
   
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 
   David M. Tehle 
   
   
 58 
   
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   David W. D'Arezzo 
   
   
 56 
   
 Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer 
 
 
   John W. Flanigan 
   
   
 63 
   
 Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain 
 
 
   Robert D. Ravener 
   
   
 56 
   
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer 
 
 
   Gregory A. Sparks 
   
   
 54 
   
 Executive Vice President, Store Operations 
 
 
   Rhonda M. Taylor 
   
   
 47 
   
 Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 
   Anita C. Elliott 
   
   
 50 
   
 Senior Vice President and Controller 
 
 
 
  
           Mr. Dreiling  joined Dollar General in January 2008 as Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board. He was appointed Chairman
of the Board on December 2, 2008. As previously announced, Mr. Dreiling plans to retire from Dollar General effective January 29, 2016. Prior to joining Dollar General,
Mr. Dreiling served as Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of Duane Reade Holdings, Inc. and Duane Reade Inc., the largest drugstore chain in New York City, from
November 2005 until January 2008 and as Chairman of the Board of Duane Reade from March 2007 until
January 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Dreiling, beginning in March 2005, served as Executive Vice President—Chief Operating Officer of Longs Drug Stores Corporation, a retail drugstore
chain on the West Coast and in Hawaii, after having joined Longs in July 2003 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Dreiling served as Executive Vice
President—Marketing, Manufacturing and Distribution at Safeway Inc., a food and drug retailer. Prior to that, Mr. Dreiling served from 1998 to 2000 as President of Vons, a
Southern California food and drug division of Safeway. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA). Mr. Dreiling is a director of Lowe's
Companies, Inc.  

          Mr. Vasos  joined Dollar General in December 2008 as Executive Vice President, Division President and Chief Merchandising Officer.
He was promoted to Chief Operating Officer in November 2013. Prior to joining Dollar General, Mr. Vasos served in executive positions with Longs Drug Stores Corporation for 7 years,
including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (February 2008 through November 2008) and Senior Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer (2001 - 2008), where he was
responsible for all pharmacy and front-end marketing, merchandising, procurement, supply chain, advertising, store development, store layout and space allocation, and the operation of three
distribution centers. He also previously served in leadership positions at Phar-Mor Food and Drug Inc. and Eckerd Corporation.  

          Mr. Tehle  joined Dollar General in June 2004 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced,
Mr. Tehle plans to retire from Dollar General effective July 1, 2015. He served from 1997 to June 2004 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Haggar Corporation, a
manufacturing, marketing and retail corporation. From 1996 to 1997, he was Vice President of Finance for a division of The Stanley Works, one of the world's largest manufacturers of tools, and from
1993 to 1996, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hat Brands, Inc., a hat manufacturer. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tehle served in a variety of financial-related roles
at Ryder System, Inc. and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Tehle is a director of Jack in the Box Inc.  

 22 

 
 
 
   

          Mr. D'Arezzo  joined Dollar General in November 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer. Prior to Dollar
General, from May 2008 until August 2013, Mr. D'Arezzo served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Grocers Supply Co., Inc., the largest independent
wholesaler in the southern United States, serving over 800 supermarkets with a full-line of products for resale. In this role, he was responsible for all functions and the running of the wholesale
business. From 2006 to 2008, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Duane Reade, Inc., the largest drugstore chain in New York City, and as its Interim Chief
Executive Officer for four months in 2008. Prior to Duane Reade, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Raley's Family of Stores, Northern California's premier supermarket operating 120 stores in
three western states, from 2003 to 2005. From 2002 to 2003, he served as Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Replenishment at Office Depot, Inc., a global supplier of office products
and services. From 1994 to 2002, Mr. D'Arezzo held various positions at Wegmans Food Market, a supermarket operator, including Senior Vice President of Merchandising
(1998 - 2002), Division Manager (1997) and Group Manager
(1994 - 1996). He worked as Vice President of Sales at DNA Plant Technology, a biotechnology start-up company, in 1994. He also held various positions at PepsiCo, Inc. from 1989
to 1993, including Business Development Manager, Area Marketing Manager, Brand Manager—Diet Pepsi and New Products Assistant Marketing Manager.  

          Mr. Flanigan  joined Dollar General as Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain in May 2008. He was promoted to Executive Vice
President in March 2010. He has almost 30 years of management experience in retail logistics. Prior to joining Dollar General, he was Group Vice President of Logistics and Distribution for
Longs Drug Stores Corporation, an operator of a chain of retail drug stores on the West Coast and Hawaii, from October 2005 to April 2008. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing warehousing,
inbound and outbound transportation and facility maintenance to service over 500 retail outlets. From September 2001 to October 2005, he served as the Vice President of Logistics for
Safeway Inc., a food and drug retailer, where he oversaw distribution of food products from Safeway distribution centers to all retail outlets, inbound traffic and transportation. He also has
held distribution and logistics leadership positions at Vons—a Safeway company, Specialized Distribution Management Inc., and Crum & Crum Logistics.  


          Mr. Ravener  joined Dollar General as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer in August 2008. He was promoted to Executive
Vice President in March 2010. Prior to joining Dollar General, he served in human resources executive roles with Starbucks Corporation, a roaster, marketer and retailer of specialty coffee, from
September 2005 until August 2008 as the Senior Vice President of U.S. Partner Resources and, prior to that, as the Vice President, Partner Resources—Eastern Division. As the Senior Vice
President of U.S. Partner Resources at Starbucks, Mr. Ravener oversaw all aspects of human resources activity for more than 10,000 stores. Prior to serving at Starbucks, Mr. Ravener held
Vice President of Human Resources roles for The Home Depot Inc., a home improvement retailer, at its Store Support Center and a domestic field division from April 2003 to September 2005.
Mr. Ravener also served in executive roles in both human resources and operations at Footstar, Inc. and roles of increasing leadership at PepsiCo, Inc.  

          Mr. Sparks  joined Dollar General in March 2012 as Executive Vice President of Store Operations. Prior to joining Dollar General,
Mr. Sparks served as Division President, Seattle Division, for Safeway Inc., a food and drug retailer, a role he had held since 2001. As Division President of the Seattle Division,
Mr. Sparks was responsible for the supervision of approximately 200 stores and approximately 23,000 employees in the northwest region and oversaw real estate, finance and operations of the
Seattle Division. Mr. Sparks has 38 years of retail experience including a 34-year career with Safeway where he held roles of increasing responsibility including merchandising manager
(1987), category manager (1987 - 1990), divisional director of merchandising, grocery and general merchandise (1990 - 1997) and divisional vice president of marketing
(1997 - 2001).  

 23 

 
 
 
   

          Ms. Taylor  has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel since March 17, 2015. She joined Dollar General as an
Employment Attorney in March 2000 and was subsequently promoted to Senior Employment Attorney in 2001, Deputy General Counsel in 2004, Vice President and Assistant General Counsel in March 2010, and
Senior Vice President and General Counsel in June 2013. Prior to joining Dollar General, she practiced law with Ogletree, Deakins, Nash, Smoak & Stewart, P.C., where she specialized in labor
law and employment litigation. She has also held attorney positions with Ford & Harrison LLP and Stokes & Bartholomew.  


          Ms. Elliott  joined Dollar General as Senior Vice President and Controller in August 2005. Prior to joining Dollar General, she
served as Vice President and Controller of Big Lots, Inc., a closeout retailer, from May 2001 to August 2005. Overseeing a staff of 140 employees at Big Lots, she was responsible for accounting
operations, financial reporting and internal audit. Prior to serving at Big Lots, she served as Vice President and Controller for Jitney-Jungle Stores of America, Inc., a grocery retailer, from
April 1998 to March 2001. At Jitney-Jungle, Ms. Elliott was responsible for the accounting operations and the internal and external financial reporting functions. Prior to serving at
Jitney-Jungle, she practiced public accounting for 12 years, 6 of which were with Ernst & Young LLP.  

 24 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 
   
   
   PART II          


   
       ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          

 


 


Market Information   

         Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "DG." The high and low sales prices during each quarter in
fiscal 2014 and 2013 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 2014

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   High 
   
 
 
$ 
 61.18 
   
 
 
$ 
 65.99 
   
 
 
$ 
 65.10 
   
 
 
$ 
 71.78 
   
 
 
   Low 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.43 
   
 
 
$ 
 53.00 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 62.50 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 2013

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   High 
   
 
 
$ 
 53.00 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.82 
   
 
 
$ 
 59.87 
   
 
 
$ 
 62.93 
   
 
 
   Low 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.35 
   
 
 
$ 
 48.61 
   
 
 
$ 
 52.40 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.08 
   
 
 
 
  
          On
March 12, 2015, our stock price at the close of the market was $74.28 and there were approximately 1,922 shareholders of record of our common stock.  

 


 


Dividends   

         On March 10, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 per share, to be paid on April 22,
2015 to shareholders of record of our common stock on April 8, 2015. Prior to March 2015, we had not declared or paid recurring dividends since March 2007. While the Board intends to continue
regular quarterly cash dividends, the declaration and payment of future cash dividends are subject to the Board's discretion based on an evaluation of our earnings performance, financial condition,
capital needs and other relevant factors.  

 


 


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

         The following table contains information regarding purchases of our common stock made during the quarter ended January 30, 2015
by or on behalf of Dollar General or any "affiliated purchaser," as defined by Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period

 

  
   
 Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased  
   
 Average 
Price Paid 
per Share  
   
 Total Number 
of Shares Purchased 
as Part of Publicly 
Announced Plans or 
Programs(a)  
   
 Approximate 
Dollar Value 
of Shares that May 
Yet Be Purchased 
Under the Plans 
or Programs(a)  
   
 
 
   11/01/14 - 11/30/14 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 223,417,000 
   
 
 
   12/01/14 - 12/31/14 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 223,417,000 
   
 
 
   01/01/15 - 01/30/15 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 223,417,000 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 223,417,000 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) A
$500 million share repurchase program was publicly announced on September 5, 2012, and increases in the authorization under such program
were announced on March 25, 2013 ($500 million increase) and December 5, 2013 ($1.0 billion increase). Under the authorization, purchases may be made in the open market or
in privately negotiated transactions from time to time subject to market and other conditions. This repurchase authorization has no expiration date. The share repurchase program was further increased
on March 10, 2015 ($1.0 billion increase), but such increase is not reflected in the table above as it was not in effect at the end of the 2014 fiscal year.   
  
  25 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          


         The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial information of Dollar General Corporation as of the dates and for the
periods indicated. The selected historical statement of operations data and statement of cash flows data for the fiscal years ended January 30, 2015, January 31, 2014, and
February 1, 2013 and balance sheet data as of January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, have been derived from our historical audited consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this report. The selected historical statement of operations data and statement of cash flows data for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2012 and January 28, 2011 and
balance sheet data as of February 1, 2013, February 3, 2012, and January 28, 2011 presented in this table have been derived from audited consolidated financial statements not
included in this report.  

         The
information set forth below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Part II,
Item 8 of this report  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 and
the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this report.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended  
   
 
 
 (Amounts in millions, excluding per share data, 
number of stores, selling square feet, and net sales 
per square foot) 
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 February 3, 
2012(1)  
   
 January 28, 
2011  
   
 
 
   Statement of Operations Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,022.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,807.2 
   
 

 
$ 
 13,035.0 
   
 
 
   Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 13,107.1 
   
   
 12,068.4 
   
   
 10,936.7 
   
   
 10,109.3 
   
   
 8,858.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 5,802.5 
   
   
 5,435.7 
   
   
 5,085.4 
   
   
 4,697.9 
   
   
 4,176.6 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 4,033.4 
   
   
 3,699.6 
   
   
 3,430.1 
   
   
 3,207.1 
   
   
 2,902.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 1,769.1 
   
   
 1,736.2 
   
   
 1,655.3 
   
   
 1,490.8 
   
   
 1,274.1 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 88.2 
   
   
 89.0 
   
   
 127.9 
   
   
 204.9 
   
   
 274.0 
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18.9 
   
   
 30.0 
   
   
 60.6 
   
   
 15.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,680.9 
   
   
 1,628.3 
   
   
 1,497.4 
   
   
 1,225.3 
   
   
 985.0 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 615.5 
   
   
 603.2 
   
   
 544.7 
   
   
 458.6 
   
   
 357.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 952.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 766.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 627.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Earnings per share—basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.87 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.25 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.84 
   
 
 
   Earnings per share—diluted 
   
   
 3.49 
   
   
 3.17 
   
   
 2.85 
   
   
 2.22 
   
   
 1.82 
   
 
 
   Dividends per share 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Statement of Cash Flows Data: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Operating activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,314.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,213.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,131.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,050.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 824.7 
   
 
 
   Investing activities 
   
   
 (371.7 
 ) 
   
 (250.0 
 ) 
   
 (569.8 
 ) 
   
 (513.8 
 ) 
   
 (418.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Financing activities 
   
   
 (868.8 
 ) 
   
 (598.3 
 ) 
   
 (546.8 
 ) 
   
 (908.0 
 ) 
   
 (130.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Total capital expenditures 
   
   
 (374.0 
 ) 
   
 (538.4 
 ) 
   
 (571.6 
 ) 
   
 (514.9 
 ) 
   
 (420.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Other Financial and Operating Data: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Same store sales growth(2) 
   
   
 2.8 
 % 
   
 3.3 
 % 
   
 4.7 
 % 
   
 6.0 
 % 
   
 4.9 
 % 
 
 
   Same store sales(2) 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,818.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,365.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,992.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,626.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 12,227.1 
   
 
 
   Number of stores included in same store sales calculation 
   
   
 11,052 
   
   
 10,387 
   
   
 9,783 
   
   
 9,254 
   
   
 8,712 
   
 
 
   Number of stores (at period end) 
   
   
 11,789 
   
   
 11,132 
   
   
 10,506 
   
   
 9,937 
   
   
 9,372 
   
 
 
   Selling square feet (in thousands at period end) 
   
   
 87,205 
   
   
 82,012 
   
   
 76,909 
   
   
 71,774 
   
   
 67,094 
   
 
 
   Net sales per square foot(3) 
   
 
 
$ 
 223 
   
 
 
$ 
 220 
   
 
 
$ 
 216 
   
 
 
$ 
 213 
   
 
 
$ 
 201 
   
 
 
   Consumables sales 
   
   
 75.7 
 % 
   
 75.2 
 % 
   
 73.9 
 % 
   
 73.2 
 % 
   
 71.6 
 % 
 
 
   Seasonal sales 
   
   
 12.4 
 % 
   
 12.9 
 % 
   
 13.6 
 % 
   
 13.8 
 % 
   
 14.5 
 % 
 
 
   Home products sales 
   
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.6 
 % 
   
 6.8 
 % 
   
 7.0 
 % 
 
 
   Apparel sales 
   
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.9 
 % 
   
 6.2 
 % 
   
 6.9 
 % 
 
 
   Rent expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 785.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 686.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 614.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 542.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 489.3 
   
 
 
   Balance Sheet Data (at period end): 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 
   
 
 
$ 
 579.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 505.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 140.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 126.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 497.4 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 11,224.1 
   
   
 10,867.5 
   
   
 10,367.7 
   
   
 9,688.5 
   
   
 9,546.2 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
   
 2,740.6 
   
   
 2,818.8 
   
   
 2,772.2 
   
   
 2,618.5 
   
   
 3,288.2 
   
 
 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 5,710.0 
   
   
 5,402.2 
   
   
 4,985.3 
   
   
 4,674.6 
   
   
 4,063.6 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) The
fiscal year ended February 3, 2012 was comprised of 53 weeks.  
  
  27 

 
 
 
   
  
  
 (2) Same-store
sales are calculated based upon stores that were open at least 13 full fiscal months and remain open at the end of the reporting period. We
include stores that have been remodeled, expanded or relocated in our same-store sales calculation. When applicable, we exclude the sales in the non-comparable week of a 53-week year from the
same-store sales calculation.
 (3) Net
sales per square foot was calculated based on total sales for the preceding 12 months as of the ending date of the reporting period divided by
the average selling square footage during the period, including the end of the fiscal year, the beginning of the fiscal year, and the end of each of our three interim fiscal quarters.  
  

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 February 3, 
2012  
   
 January 28, 
2011  
   
 
 
   Ratio of earnings to fixed charges(1): 
   
   
 4.4x 
   
   
 4.7x 
   
   
 4.7x 
   
   
 3.8x 
   
   
 3.1x 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) For
purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, (a) earnings consist of income (loss) before income taxes, plus fixed charges less
capitalized expenses related to indebtedness (amortization expense for capitalized interest is not significant) and (b) fixed charges consist of interest expense (whether expensed or
capitalized), the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts related to indebtedness, and the interest portion of rent expense.   
  
  28 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

   
       ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          

          This discussion and analysis should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the notes thereto. It also should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and the Risk Factors disclosures set forth in the
Introduction and in Item 1A of this report, respectively. 

 


 


Executive Overview   

         We are the largest discount retailer in the United States by number of stores, with 11,879 stores located in 43 states as of
February 27, 2015, primarily in the southern, southwestern, midwestern and eastern United States. We offer a broad selection of merchandise, including consumable products such as food, paper
and cleaning products, health and beauty products and pet supplies, and non-consumable products such as seasonal merchandise, home decor and domestics, and basic apparel. We completed our first full
year of tobacco product sales in 2014, with favorable impacts on our net sales and same store sales. Our merchandise includes high quality national brands from leading manufacturers, as well as
comparable quality private brand selections with prices at substantial discounts to national brands. We offer our customers these national brand and private brand products at everyday low prices
(typically $10 or less) in our convenient small-box (small store) locations.  

         The
customers we serve are value-conscious, many with low or fixed incomes, and Dollar General has always been intensely focused on helping them make the most of their spending dollars.
We believe our convenient store format and broad selection of high quality products at compelling values have driven our substantial growth and financial success over the years. Like other retailers,
we have been operating for several years in an environment with ongoing macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties. In addition, our core customer faces multiple macroeconomic headwinds, from
fluctuating food and energy costs to rising and uncertain medical costs, and the timetable and strength of economic recovery remains uncertain. During the latter part of 2014, our customer has
experienced some general economic tailwinds, such as lower gasoline prices and improving employment rates; however, the duration of these effects is still unknown.  

         We
are keenly focused on executing our four primary operating priorities, which are: 1) drive productive sales growth, 2) enhance our gross profit margins,
3) leverage process improvements and information technology to reduce costs, and 4) strengthen and expand Dollar General's culture of serving others.  

         Our
first priority is driving productive sales growth, which includes increasing shopper frequency, item unit sales and transaction amount. In 2014, sales in same-stores increased by
2.8% over 2013 levels due to increases in both traffic and average transaction. Successful sales growth initiatives in 2014 included completion of the first full year of sales relating to the
chain-wide rollout of tobacco products and the expansion of our limited scope store remodeling efforts, which optimized shelf space in many of our older, smaller stores and in many cases, increased
the number of coolers for refrigerated and frozen foods and beverages. We remodeled and relocated a total of 915 stores during the year. We continued to meet the affordability needs of our core
customer by renewing our focus on $1 to $5 items, as more than 75% of our SKUs at year-end were items priced at $5 or less. We also experienced the successful launch of our DG Digital Coupons program.
Similar to the preceding two years, inflation had a very modest impact on our sales in 2014. In addition to same-store sales growth, we opened 700 new stores.  

         Our
second priority is to enhance our gross profit rate. The full year of sales of tobacco products in 2014 has driven increased customer traffic as planned, although the addition of
tobacco products and an increased proportion of sales of perishables have lowered the gross profit rate. An increase in markdowns, an increase in the LIFO provision and supply chain disruption due to
the longshoreman  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 labor
dispute on the U.S. west coast all contributed to a decrease in our overall gross profit rate in 2014. We believe that both tobacco and perishables are significant drivers of customer traffic
that should lead to increases in average purchase amount. We expect the improvement in our net sales from these initiatives will outweigh the corresponding reduction in our gross profit rate. In
addition, we have ongoing efforts to reduce product costs including shrink reduction, effective category management, utilization of private brands, distribution and transportation efficiencies and
additional improvements to our pricing and markdown business model, among others, while remaining committed to our everyday
low price strategy. In our consumables category, we strive to offer the optimal balance of the most popular nationally advertised brands and our own private brands, which generally have higher gross
profit rates than national brands. We believe that our core customer is continuing to seek out and purchase goods at entry level price points and is doing so with greater frequency. To this end, we
increased our offering of $1 food items and the number of offerings from our Smart & Simple brand. Commodities cost inflation was minimal in 2014 and, in some instances, we experienced a
decrease in such costs. Accordingly, overall price increases passed through to our customers were minimal. We have seen positive results from our home and apparel segments, and remain committed to all
of our non-consumables categories, including seasonal. We expect the growth of consumables to continue to outpace the non-consumables categories again in 2015, albeit to a lesser degree than in recent
years, due in part to the anticipated continued economic pressures discussed above.  

         Our
third priority is leveraging process improvements and information technology to reduce costs. We are committed as an organization to reduce costs, particularly selling, general and
administrative expenses ("SG&A") that do not affect the customer experience. In 2014, our financial results reflect a significant increase in incentive compensation expense, as the 2013 threshold
financial performance level required under our annual cash incentive compensation program was not met. Additionally, rent and utilities costs contributed to the increase in SG&A. Conversely, we again
successfully lowered our store labor costs as a percentage of sales, in part, by simplifying various tasks performed in the stores. Going forward, we will continue to simplify or eliminate unnecessary
work and optimize labor in our stores and elsewhere in the company. Additional items that were lower as a percentage of sales include workers' compensation and general liability expenses.  

         Our
fourth priority is to strengthen and expand Dollar General's culture of serving others. For customers this means helping them "Save time. Save money. Every day!" by providing clean,
well-stocked stores with quality products at low prices. For employees, this means creating an environment that attracts and retains key employees throughout the organization. For the public, this
means giving back to our store communities through our charitable and other efforts. For shareholders, this means meeting their expectations of an efficiently and profitably run organization that
operates with compassion and integrity.  

         Our
continued focus on these four priorities, coupled with strong cash flow management and share repurchases, resulted in solid overall operating and financial performance in 2014 as
compared to 2013 as follows. Basis points, as referred to below, are equal to 0.01 percent of total sales.  

 
 
 •  Net sales in 2014 increased 8.0% over 2013. Sales in same-stores increased 2.8%, with increases in both customer traffic and average
transaction amount. Consumables represented 76% of sales in 2014 and drove 82% of the total increase. Departments with the most significant increases were tobacco, perishables and candy and snacks.
Average sales per square foot in 2014 were $223, up from $220 in 2013.  
 •  Operating profit increased 1.9% to $1.77 billion, or 9.4% of sales, compared to $1.74 billion, or 9.9% of sales in 2013.
The decrease in our operating profit rate was attributable to a 36 basis-point decrease in our gross profit rate, coupled with a 19 basis-point increase in SG&A.  
 
 30 

 
 
 
   
 
 
 •  Our gross profit rate declined by 36 basis points due primarily to an increase in promotional markdowns, and in addition, sales of
lower margin items increased at a proportionally higher rate than sales of higher margin items.  
 •  The increase in SG&A, as a percentage of sales, was due primarily to a significant increase in incentive compensation expense as well
as an increase in rent expense; partially offset by efficiencies relating to store labor costs. For other factors, see the detailed discussion that follows.    
 •  Interest expense was relatively constant, decreasing by $0.8 million in 2014 to $88.2 million. Total long-term
obligations as of January 30, 2015 were $2.74 billion.  
 •  We reported net income of $1.07 billion, or $3.49 per diluted share, for 2014, compared to net income of $1.03 billion,
or $3.17 per diluted share, for 2013. Stock repurchase activity during 2013 and 2014 contributed to the increase in diluted earnings per share.  
 •  We generated approximately $1.31 billion of cash flows from operating activities in 2015, an increase of 8.4% compared to 2013.
We primarily utilized our cash flows from operating activities to invest in the growth of our business and repurchase our common stock.  
 •  Inventory turnover was 4.8 times on a rolling four-quarter basis. Inventories increased 2.9% on a per store basis over 2013.    
 •  During 2014 we opened 700 new stores, remodeled or relocated 915 stores, and closed 43 stores.  
 

         Also
in 2014, we repurchased approximately 14.1 million shares of our outstanding common stock for $800.1 million.  

         In
2015, we plan to continue to focus on our four key operating priorities. We expect our sales growth in 2015 to again be driven by consumables as we expect our customer to continue to
face economic challenges, although we are optimistic recent economic tailwinds may encourage our customer to purchase more non-consumable items. We plan to focus our efforts on effectively serving our
core customers' needs by providing them with the selection they want at the right price points in 2015.  

         We
made progress in 2014 on implementing an improved supply chain solution to assist in promotional and core inventory forecasting and ordering. We expect to make further progress in
2015, and we expect that eventually all of our SKUs will be managed through this solution. The supply chain solution is helping us improve our ordering processes in the stores and has contributed to
our work simplification efforts and improvements in maintaining efficient inventory levels. We believe we have additional opportunities for work simplification and optimization of store labor in 2015.  


         We
are pleased with the performance of our 2014 new stores, remodels and relocations, and in 2015 we plan to open 730 new stores and to remodel or relocate 875 stores.  

         Finally,
we plan to continue to repurchase shares of our common stock in 2015 as well as initiate quarterly cash dividends, subject to Board discretion, to further enhance shareholder
return.  

          Key Financial Metrics.     We have identified the following as our most critical financial metrics: 

 
 
 •  Same-store sales growth;  
 •  Sales per square foot;  
 •  Gross profit, as a percentage of sales;  
 •  Selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales;  
 •  Operating profit;  
 
 31 

 
 
 
   
 
 
 •  Cash flow;  
 •  Net income;  
 •  Earnings per share;  
 •  Earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization;  
 •  Return on invested capital; and  
 •  Adjusted debt to Earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and rent expense.  
 

         Readers
should refer to the detailed discussion of our operating results below for additional comments on financial performance in the current year periods as compared with the prior
year periods.  

 


 


Results of Operations   

          Accounting Periods.     The following text contains references to years 2014, 2013, and 2012, which represent fiscal years ended
January 30, 2015,
January 31, 2014, and February 1, 2013, respectively. Our fiscal year ends on the Friday closest to January 31. All fiscal years were 52-week accounting periods.  

          Seasonality.     The nature of our business is seasonal to a certain extent. Primarily because of sales of holiday-related merchandise,
sales in our
fourth quarter (November, December and January) have historically been higher than sales achieved in each of the first three quarters of the fiscal year. Expenses, and to a greater extent operating
profit, vary by quarter. Results of a period shorter than a full year may not be indicative of results expected for the entire year. Furthermore, the seasonal nature of our business may affect
comparisons between periods.  

 32 

 
 
 
   

         The
following table contains results of operations data for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, and the dollar and percentage variances among those years.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013  
   
 2013 vs. 2012  
   
 
 
 (amounts in millions, 
except per share 
amounts) 
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 Amount 
Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 Amount 
Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Net sales by category: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Consumables 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,321.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,161.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,844.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,159.3 
   
   
 8.8 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,317.0 
   
   
 11.1 
 % 
 
 
   % of net sales 
   
   
  75.73 
 % 
   
 75.19 
 % 
   
 73.93 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Seasonal 
   
   
 2,345.0 
   
   
 2,259.5 
   
   
 2,172.4 
   
   
  85.5 
   
   
 3.8 
   
   
 87.1 
   
   
 4.0 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 12.40 
 % 
   
 12.91 
 % 
   
 13.56 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Home products 
   
   
 1,205.4 
   
   
 1,115.6 
   
   
 1,061.6 
   
   
  89.7 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 54.1 
   
   
 5.1 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 6.37 
 % 
   
 6.37 
 % 
   
 6.63 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Apparel 
   
   
 1,038.1 
   
   
 967.2 
   
   
 943.3 
   
   
  71.0 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 23.9 
   
   
 2.5 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 5.49 
 % 
   
 5.53 
 % 
   
 5.89 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,022.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,405.4 
   
   
 8.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,482.0 
   
   
 9.2 
 % 
 
 
   Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 13,107.1 
   
   
 12,068.4 
   
   
 10,936.7 
   
   
  1,038.7 
   
   
 8.6 
   
   
 1,131.7 
   
   
 10.3 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 69.31 
 % 
   
 68.95 
 % 
   
 68.26 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 5,802.5 
   
   
 5,435.7 
   
   
 5,085.4 
   
   
  366.8 
   
   
 6.7 
   
   
 350.3 
   
   
 6.9 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 30.69 
 % 
   
 31.05 
 % 
   
 31.74 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 4,033.4 
   
   
 3,699.6 
   
   
 3,430.1 
   
   
  333.9 
   
   
 9.0 
   
   
 269.4 
   
   
 7.9 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 21.33 
 % 
   
 21.14 
 % 
   
 21.41 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 1,769.1 
   
   
 1,736.2 
   
   
 1,655.3 
   
   
  32.9 
   
   
 1.9 
   
   
 80.9 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 9.36 
 % 
   
 9.92 
 % 
   
 10.33 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 88.2 
   
   
 89.0 
   
   
 127.9 
   
   
  (0.8 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
   
 (38.9 
 ) 
   
 (30.4 
 ) 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 0.47 
 % 
   
 0.51 
 % 
   
 0.80 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18.9 
   
   
 30.0 
   
   
  (18.9 
 ) 
   
 (100.0 
 ) 
   
 (11.1 
 ) 
   
 (37.0 
 ) 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 0.00 
 % 
   
 0.11 
 % 
   
 0.19 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,680.9 
   
   
 1,628.3 
   
   
 1,497.4 
   
   
  52.5 
   
   
 3.2 
   
   
 130.9 
   
   
 8.7 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 8.89 
 % 
   
 9.30 
 % 
   
 9.35 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 615.5 
   
   
 603.2 
   
   
 544.7 
   
   
  12.3 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 58.5 
   
   
 10.7 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 3.26 
 % 
   
 3.45 
 % 
   
 3.40 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 952.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 40.2 
   
   
 3.9 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 72.5 
   
   
 7.6 
 % 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 5.63 
 % 
   
 5.86 
 % 
   
 5.95 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.85 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.32 
   
   
 10.1 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 0.32 
   
   
 11.2 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
           Net Sales.     The net sales increase in 2014 reflects a same-store sales increase of 2.8% compared to 2013. For 2014, there were 11,052
same-stores
which accounted for sales of $17.82 billion. Same-stores include stores that have been open for at least 13 months and remain open at the end of the reporting period. Changes in
same-store sales are calculated based on the comparable calendar weeks in the prior year, and include stores that have been remodeled, expanded or relocated. The remainder of the increase in sales in
2014 was attributable to new stores, partially offset by sales from closed stores. The increase in sales reflects increased customer traffic and average transaction amounts resulting from the
refinement of the Company's merchandise offerings, including a full year's sales of tobacco products,  

 33 

 
 
 
   

 the
expansion of perishables, and enhanced utilization of store square footage. Increases in sales of consumables outpaced our non-consumables, with sales of tobacco products, perishables, and candy
and snacks contributing the majority of the increase in sales of consumables.  


         The
net sales increase in 2013 reflects a same-store sales increase of 3.3% compared to 2012. For 2013, there were 10,387 same-stores which accounted for sales of $16.37 billion.
The remainder of the increase in sales in 2013 was attributable to new stores, partially offset by sales from closed stores. The increase in sales reflects increased customer traffic and average
transaction amounts. Increases in sales of consumables outpaced our non-consumables, with sales of tobacco products, perishables, and candy and snacks contributing the majority of the increase.
Tobacco was added in the stores primarily during the first and second quarters of 2013. The expansion of coolers for perishables in over 1,600 existing stores was completed in the first half of the
year while other initiatives, including space optimization in many of our smaller stores, were implemented throughout the year.  


         Of
our four major merchandise categories, the consumables category, which generally has a lower gross profit rate than the other three categories, has grown most significantly over the
past several years. Because of the impact of sales mix on gross profit, we continually review our merchandise mix and strive to adjust it when appropriate.  

          Gross Profit.     The gross profit rate as a percentage of sales was 30.7% in 2014 compared to 31.1% in 2013. Gross profit increased by
6.7% in 2014, and
as a percentage of sales, decreased by 36 basis points. The most significant factor affecting the gross profit rate was an increase in markdowns, primarily due to increased promotions driven by
competitive pressures. In addition, we are experiencing an ongoing trend of consumables comprising a larger portion of our net sales, primarily as the result of increased sales of lower margin
consumables including tobacco products and expanded perishables offerings. These factors were partially offset by higher initial inventory markups. We recorded a LIFO provision of $4.2 million
in 2014 compared to a LIFO benefit of $11.0 million in 2013.  

         The
gross profit rate as a percentage of sales was 31.1% in 2013 compared to 31.7% in 2012. Gross profit increased by 6.9% in 2013, and as a percentage of sales, decreased by 69 basis
points. The majority of the gross profit rate decrease in 2013 as compared to 2012 was due to consumables comprising a larger portion of our net sales, primarily as the result of increased sales of
lower margin consumables which contributed to lower initial inventory markups. In addition, we experienced a higher inventory shrinkage rate, partially attributable to the addition of certain
consumable products with relatively higher retail prices. These factors were partially offset by a reduction in net purchase costs on certain products. The Company recorded a LIFO benefit of
$11.0 million in 2013 compared to a LIFO provision of $1.4 million in 2012.  

          SG&A Expense.     SG&A expense was 21.3% as a percentage of sales in 2014 compared to 21.1% in 2013, an increase of 19 basis
points. The results reflect
a significant increase in incentive compensation expense, as our prior year 2013 financial performance did not satisfy certain performance requirements under our cash incentive compensation program.
The 2014 results also reflect increases in rent and utilities. Partially offsetting these increased costs were retail labor expense, which increased at a rate lower than our increase in sales, the
introduction of convenience fees charged to customers for cash back on debit card transactions, and a reduction in workers' compensation and general liability expenses. The 2014 period included
expenses of $14.3 million relating to an attempted acquisition, while the 2013 results include expenses of $8.5 million for a legal settlement of a previously decertified collective
action.  

         SG&A
expense was 21.1% as a percentage of sales in 2013 compared to 21.4% in 2012, an improvement of 27 basis points. We had a significant decrease in incentive compensation expense, as
2013 financial performance did not satisfy certain performance requirements under our cash incentive compensation program. Retail labor expense increased at a rate lower than our increase in sales.
Declines in workers' compensation and general liability expenses also contributed to the overall  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 decrease
in SG&A expense as a percentage of sales. The above items were partially offset by certain costs that increased from 2012 to 2013 at a rate higher than our increase in sales, including
depreciation and amortization and fees associated with the increased volume of customer purchases transacted with debit cards.  


         Interest Expense.     Interest expense remained relatively constant in 2014 compared to 2013. See the detailed discussion under "Liquidity
and Capital
Resources" regarding the financing of various long-term obligations and the related effect on interest expense in the periods presented.  

         The
decrease in interest expense in 2013 compared to 2012 is due to lower all-in interest rates primarily resulting from the completion of a refinancing in April 2013.  

         We
had outstanding variable-rate debt of $62.0 million and $139.5 million as of January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, respectively, after taking into
consideration the impact of interest rate swaps. The remainder of our outstanding indebtedness at January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014 was fixed rate debt.  

          Other (Income) Expense.     In 2013, we recorded pretax losses of $18.9 million resulting from the termination of our senior secured
credit
facilities. In 2012, we recorded pretax losses of $29.0 million resulting from the redemption of $450.7 million aggregate principal amount of our senior subordinated notes due 2017 plus
accrued and unpaid interest.  

         Income Taxes.     The effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012 were expenses of 36.6%, 37.0%, and 36.4%, respectively.
 

         The
effective income tax rate for 2014 was 36.6% compared to a rate of 37.0% for 2013 which represents a net decrease of 0.4 percentage points. The effective income tax rate
decreased from 2013 due principally to the favorable resolution of state income tax examinations and other state income tax reserves, which increased by a lesser amount in 2014 compared to 2013. As in
prior years, we receive a significant income tax benefit related to wages paid to certain newly hired employees that qualify for federal jobs credits (principally the Work Opportunity Tax Credit or
"WOTC"). The federal law authorizing the WOTC credit has expired for employees hired after December 31, 2014. In the past, when these credit provisions have expired, Congress has reenacted the
law on a retroactive basis. It is uncertain as to whether (or when) WOTC credits will be retroactively renewed in this instance. The Company will receive credits in future periods for employees hired
on or before December 31, 2014; however, the future period credit received will be significantly lower than what has been recognized in 2014 and prior years without WOTC reenactment.  

         The
effective income tax rate for 2013 was 37.0% compared to a rate of 36.4% for 2012 which represents a net increase of 0.6 percentage points. The 2012 amounts were favorably
impacted by the resolution of income tax examinations that did not reoccur, to the same extent, in 2013. This effective tax rate increase was partially offset by the recording of an income tax benefit
in 2013 associated with the expiration of the assessment period during which the taxing authorities could have assessed additional income tax associated with our 2009 tax year. In addition, 2013
reflects larger income tax benefits associated with federal jobs credits.  

         The
2012 effective tax rate of 36.4% was greater than the statutory tax rate of 35% due primarily to the inclusion of state income taxes in the total effective tax rate.  


 


 


Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

         The entities involved in the ownership structure underlying the leases for three of our distribution centers meet the accounting
definition of a Variable Interest Entity ("VIE"). One of these distribution centers has been recorded as a financing obligation whereby its property and equipment are reflected in our consolidated
balance sheets. The land and buildings of the other two distribution centers have been recorded as operating leases. We are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and, accordingly, have not
included these entities in our consolidated financial statements. Other than the foregoing, we are not party to any material off balance sheet arrangements.  

 35 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 


 


Effects of Inflation   

         We experienced little or no overall product cost inflation in 2014, 2013 and 2012.  

 


 


Liquidity and Capital Resources   

 


 


Current Financial Condition and Recent Developments   

         During the past three years, we have generated an aggregate of approximately $3.66 billion in cash flows from operating
activities and incurred approximately $1.48 billion in capital expenditures. During that period, we expanded the number of stores we operate by 1,852, representing growth of approximately 19%,
and we remodeled or relocated 2,089 stores, or approximately 18% of the stores we operated as of January 30, 2015. We intend to continue our current strategy of pursuing store growth, remodels
and relocations in 2015.  

         We
have a five-year $1.85 billion unsecured credit agreement (the "Facilities"), and we have outstanding $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. At
January 30, 2015, we had total outstanding debt (including the current portion of long-term obligations) of $2.74 billion, which includes balances under the Facilities, and senior notes,
all of which are described in greater detail below. We had $821.5 million available for borrowing under the Facilities at January 30, 2015.  

         We
believe our cash flow from operations and existing cash balances, combined with availability under the Facilities, and access to the debt markets will provide sufficient liquidity to
fund our current obligations, projected working capital requirements, capital spending and planned dividend payments for a period that includes the next twelve months as well as the next several
years. However, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity may be affected by numerous factors, many of which are outside of our control. Depending on our liquidity levels, conditions in the capital
markets and other factors, we may from time to time consider the issuance of debt, equity or other securities, the proceeds of which could provide additional liquidity for our operations.  

 


 


Facilities   

         The Facilities consist of a senior unsecured term loan facility (the "Term Facility") with an initial balance of $1.0 billion
and an $850.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility") which provides for the issuance of letters of credit up to $250.0 million. We may request,
subject to agreement by one or more lenders, increased revolving commitments and/or incremental term loan facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $150.0 million. The Facilities mature on
April 11, 2018.  

         Borrowings
under the Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at our option, either (a) LIBOR or (b) a base rate (which is usually equal to
the prime rate). The applicable margin for borrowings as of January 30, 2015 was 1.275% for LIBOR borrowings and 0.275% for base-rate borrowings. We must also pay a facility fee, payable on any
used and unused amounts of the Facilities, and letter of credit fees. The applicable margins for borrowings, the facility fees and the letter of credit fees under the Facilities are subject to
adjustment each quarter based on our long-term senior unsecured debt ratings.  


         The
Term Facility amortizes in quarterly installments of $25.0 million, which commenced on August 1, 2014. The final quarterly payment of the then-remaining balance will be
due at maturity on April 11, 2018. As of January 30, 2015, the balance on the Term Facility was $925.0 million. The Facilities can be prepaid in whole or in part at any time. The
Facilities contain certain covenants that place limitations on the incurrence of liens; change of business; mergers or sales of all or substantially all assets; and subsidiary indebtedness, among
other limitations. The Facilities also contain financial covenants that require the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 leverage
ratio. As of January 30, 2015, we were in compliance with all such covenants. The Facilities also contain customary affirmative covenants and events of default.  

         As
of January 30, 2015, we had total outstanding letters of credit of $43.6 million, $28.5 million of which were under the Revolving Facility.  

         For
the remainder of fiscal 2015, we anticipate potential borrowings under the Revolving Facility up to a maximum of approximately $500 million outstanding at any one time,
including any anticipated borrowings to fund repurchases of common stock.  

 


 


Senior Notes   

         We have $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2017 (the "2017 Senior Notes") which mature on
July 15, 2017, $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.875% senior notes due 2018 (the "2018 Senior Notes"), net of discount at issuance of $0.5 million, which mature on
April 15, 2018; and $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 Senior Notes"), net of discount at issuance of $2.4 million, which mature
on April 15, 2023. Collectively, the 2017 Senior Notes, the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2023 Senior Notes comprise the "Senior Notes", each of which were issued pursuant to an indenture as
modified by supplemental indentures relating to each series of Senior Notes (as so supplemented, the "Senior Indenture"). Interest on the 2017 Senior Notes is payable in cash on January 15 and
July 15 of each year and commenced on January 15, 2013. Interest on the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2023 Senior Notes is payable in cash on April 15 and October 15 of each
year and commenced on October 15, 2013.  

         We
may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time at redemption prices set forth in the Senior Indenture. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event, which is
defined in the Senior Indenture, each holder of our Senior Notes has the right to require us to repurchase some or all of such holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the
principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date.  

         The
Senior Indenture contains covenants limiting, among other things, our ability (subject to certain exceptions) to consolidate, merge, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of our assets;
and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur or guarantee indebtedness secured by liens on any shares of voting stock of significant subsidiaries.  

         The
Senior Indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on our Senior Notes to become or to
be declared due and payable.  

 


 


Sale Leaseback Transaction   


         In January 2014 we consummated a transaction pursuant to which we sold and subsequently leased back the land, buildings and related
improvements for 233 of our stores. This transaction resulted in cash proceeds of approximately $281.6 million.  

 


 


Rating Agencies   

         In February 2015, Standard & Poor's reaffirmed our senior unsecured debt rating of BBB– and our corporate debt
rating of BBB–, both with a stable outlook, and Moody's reaffirmed our senior unsecured debt rating of Baa3 with a stable outlook. Previously, Standard and Poor's had placed all of our
credit ratings on watch with negative implications and Moody's had placed all of our credit ratings on review for downgrade due to the proposed business combination with Family Dollar. Our current
credit ratings, as well as future rating agency actions, could (i) impact our ability to finance our operations on satisfactory terms; (ii) affect our financing costs; and
(iii) affect our insurance premiums  

 37 

 
 
 
   


 and
collateral requirements necessary for our self-insured programs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings.  

 


 


Interest Rate Swaps   

         We use interest rate swaps to minimize the risk of adverse changes in interest rates. These swaps are intended to reduce risk by
hedging an underlying economic exposure. Because of high correlation between the derivative financial instrument and the underlying exposure being hedged, fluctuations in the value of the financial
instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the value of the underlying economic exposure. Our principal interest rate exposure relates to outstanding amounts under our Facilities. At
January 30, 2015, we had interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $875.0 million. For more information see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk" below.  

 


 


Fair Value Accounting   

         We have classified our interest rate swaps, as further discussed in Item 7A. below, in Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy, as the significant inputs to the overall valuations are based on market-observable data or information derived from or corroborated by market-observable data, including market-based inputs
to models, model calibration to market-clearing transactions, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Where models are used, the
selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends upon the contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in, the instrument as well as the availability of pricing information in the
market. We use similar models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, and correlations of such inputs. For our derivatives, all of which trade in liquid markets, model inputs can generally be verified.  

         We
incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements
of our derivatives. The credit valuation adjustments are calculated by determining the total expected exposure of the derivatives (which incorporates both the current and potential future exposure)
and then applying each counterparty's credit spread to the applicable exposure. For derivatives with two-way exposure, such as interest rate swaps, the counterparty's credit spread is applied to our
exposure to the counterparty, and our own credit spread is applied to the counterparty's exposure to us, and the net credit valuation adjustment is reflected in our derivative valuations. The total
expected exposure of a derivative is derived using market-observable inputs, such as yield curves and volatilities. The inputs utilized for our own credit spread are based on implied spreads from our
publicly-traded debt. For counterparties with publicly available credit information, the credit spreads over LIBOR used in the calculations represent implied credit default swap spreads obtained from
a third party credit data provider. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we have considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit
enhancements, such as collateral
postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. Additionally, we actively monitor counterparty credit ratings for any significant changes.  

         As
of January 30, 2015, the net credit valuation adjustments had an insignificant impact on the settlement values of our derivative liabilities. Various factors impact changes in
the credit valuation adjustments over time, including changes in the credit spreads of the parties to the contracts, as well as changes in market rates and volatilities, which affect the total
expected exposure of the derivative instruments. When appropriate, valuations are also adjusted for various factors such as liquidity and bid/offer spreads, which factors we deemed to be immaterial as
of January 30, 2015.  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Contractual Obligations   

         The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of January 30, 2015 (in
thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments Due by Period  
   
 
 
 Contractual obligations

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 1 year  
   
 1 - 3 years  
   
 3 - 5 years  
   
 5+ years  
   
 
 
   Long-term debt obligations 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,736,995 
   
 
 
$ 
 100,090 
   
 
 
$ 
 700,555 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,955 
   
 
 
$ 
 910,395 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 5,875 
   
   
 1,068 
   
   
 2,114 
   
   
 957 
   
   
 1,736 
   
 
 
   Interest(a) 
   
   
 353,570 
   
   
 71,770 
   
   
 125,478 
   
   
 61,967 
   
   
 94,355 
   
 
 
   Self-insurance liabilities(b) 
   
   
 225,021 
   
   
 83,165 
   
   
 93,738 
   
   
 31,097 
   
   
 17,021 
   
 
 
   Operating leases(c) 
   
   
 6,626,501 
   
   
 793,274 
   
   
 1,454,936 
   
   
 1,232,628 
   
   
 3,145,663  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Subtotal 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,947,962 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,049,367 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,376,821 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,352,604 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,169,170  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Commitments Expiring by Period  
   
 
 
 Commercial commitments(d)

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 1 year  
   
 1 - 3 years  
   
 3 - 5 years  
   
 5+ years  
   
 
 
   Letters of credit 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,100 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,100 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchase obligations(e) 
   
   
 987,784 
   
   
 963,720 
   
   
 24,064 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Subtotal 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,002,884 
   
 
 
$ 
 978,820 
   
 
 
$ 
 24,064 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total contractual obligations and commercial commitments (f) 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,950,846 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,028,187 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,400,885 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,352,604 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,169,170  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
obligations for interest payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations, and includes projected interest on variable rate long-term
debt, using 2014 year end rates. Variable rate long-term debt includes the balance of the senior revolving credit facility (which had a balance of zero as of January 30, 2015), the
balance of our tax increment financing of $12.0 million, and the unhedged portion of the senior term loan facility of $50 million.
 (b) We
retain a significant portion of the risk for our workers' compensation, employee health insurance, general liability, property loss and automobile
insurance. As these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, these amounts represent undiscounted estimates based upon actuarial assumptions. Reserves for workers' compensation and general
liability which existed as of the date of a merger transaction in 2007 were discounted in order to arrive at estimated fair value. All other amounts are reflected on an undiscounted basis in our
consolidated balance sheets.
 (c) Operating
lease obligations are inclusive of amounts included in deferred rent in our consolidated balance sheets.
 (d) Commercial
commitments include information technology license and support agreements, supplies, fixtures, letters of credit for import merchandise, and
other inventory purchase obligations.
 (e) Purchase
obligations include legally binding agreements for software licenses and support, supplies, fixtures, and merchandise purchases (excluding such
purchases subject to letters of credit).
 (f) We
have potential payment obligations associated with uncertain tax positions that are not reflected in these totals. We are currently unable to make
reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement with the taxing authorities for the $10.7 million of reserves for uncertain tax positions.   
  
  39 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 


 


Share Repurchase Program   

         On March 10, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a $1.0 billion increase to our existing common stock
repurchase program. The total remaining authorization is approximately $1.2 billion at March 12, 2015. Under the authorization, purchases may be made in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions from time to time subject to market and other conditions, and the authorization has no expiration date. For more detail about our share repurchase program, see Note 12
to the consolidated financial statements.  

 


 


Other Considerations   

         On March 10, 2015, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of $0.22 per share which will be
paid on April 22, 2015 to shareholders of record on April 8, 2015. Although the Board currently intends to continue regular quarterly cash dividends, the payment of future cash dividends
are subject to the Board's discretion and will depend upon, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our
Board may deem relevant.  

         Our
inventory balance represented approximately 49% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill and other intangible assets as of January 30, 2015. Our ability to effectively manage
our inventory balances can have a significant impact on our cash flows from operations during a given fiscal year. Inventory
purchases are often somewhat seasonal in nature, such as the purchase of warm-weather or Christmas-related merchandise. Efficient management of our inventory has been and continues to be an area of
focus for us.  

         As
described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, we are involved in a number of legal actions and claims, some of which could potentially result in material cash
payments. Adverse developments in those actions could materially and adversely affect our liquidity. We also have certain income tax-related contingencies as disclosed in Note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. Future negative developments could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity.  

 


 


Cash Flows   

         Cash flows from operating activities.     Cash flows from operating activities were $1.31 billion in 2014, an increase of
$101.7 million
compared to 2013. Significant components of the increase in cash flows from operating activities in 2014 compared to 2013 include increased net income due primarily to increased sales and operating
profit in 2014 as described in more detail above under "Results of Operations." Merchandise inventories increased by a greater amount in 2014 compared to 2013, which was partially offset by accounts
payable, which increased by $97.2 million in 2014 compared to a $36.9 million increase in 2013. The increase in accounts payable during 2014 was due primarily to the volume and timing of
domestic merchandise receipts. On an ongoing basis, we closely monitor and manage our inventory balances, and they may fluctuate from period to period based on new store openings, the timing of
purchases, and other factors. Merchandise inventories increased by 9% during 2014, compared to a 7% increase in 2013. Inventory levels in the consumables category increased by $178.4 million,
or 12%, in 2014 compared to an increase of $168.0 million, or 12%, in 2013. The seasonal category increased by $13.8 million, or 3%, in 2014 compared to a decrease of
$4.7 million, or 1%, in 2013. The home products category was essentially unchanged in 2014 compared to an increase of $22.0 million, or 9%, in 2013. The apparel category increased by
$37.1 million, or 13%, in 2014 compared to a decrease of $29.5 million, or 9%, in 2013.  


         Significant
components of the increase in cash flows from operating activities in 2013 compared to 2012 include increased net income due primarily to increased sales and lower SG&A
expenses, as a percentage of sales, in 2013 as described in more detail above under "Results of Operations." Significant components of the increase in cash flows from operating activities were related
to changes  

 40 

 
 
 
   

 in
working capital, including Merchandise inventories, Accounts payable and Accrued expenses and other. The impact of the changes in inventory balances, which increased in both years but by a lesser
amount in 2013 compared to 2012, is explained in more detail below. Items positively affecting Accrued expenses and other include the timing of accruals and payments for legal settlements and
non-income taxes (primarily sales taxes), and the adjustment of accruals during 2012 resulting from the favorable resolution of income tax examinations which did not recur in 2013. Partially
offsetting the positive impact of the items discussed above were reduced incentive compensation accruals, increased cash payments for income taxes, and changes in Accounts payable, which are affected
by the timing and mix of merchandise purchases, the most significant category of which were domestic purchases.  

         In
addition, our merchandise inventories increased by 7% during 2013, compared to a 19% increase in 2012. The percentage increase in inventories in 2013 was less than the prior year due
to our emphasis on more effective inventory management and our related efforts to control shrink. Inventory levels in the consumables category increased by $168.0 million, or 12%, in 2013
compared to an increase of $245.7 million, or 22%, in 2012. The seasonal category decreased by $4.7 million, or 1%, in 2013 compared to an increase of $70.2 million, or 18%, in
2012. The home products category increased $22.0 million, or 9%, in 2013 compared to an increase of $56.2 million, or 29%, in 2012. The apparel category decreased by
$29.5 million, or 9%, in 2013 compared to an increase of $16.0 million, or 5%, in 2012.  

          Cash flows from investing activities.     Significant components of property and equipment purchases in 2014 included the following
approximate amounts:
$127 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $102 million for new leased stores; $64 million for distribution and transportation-related
projects; $38 million for stores built by us; and $35 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. The timing of new, remodeled and relocated store openings
along with other factors may affect the relationship between such openings and the related property and equipment purchases in any given period. During 2014, we opened 700 new stores and remodeled or
relocated 915 stores. See "—Liquidity and Capital Resources." Cash flows from investing activities decreased from 2013 to 2014, due primarily to a sale-leaseback transaction in 2013 (more
fully described below).  

         Significant
components of property and equipment purchases in 2013 included the following approximate amounts: $187 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of
existing stores; $124 million for new leased stores; $112 million for distribution centers, which included a significant portion of the construction cost of a distribution center in
Pennsylvania; $76 million for stores purchased or built by us; and $28 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. During 2013, we opened 650 new stores and
remodeled or relocated 582 stores. Our sale-leaseback transaction which we consummated in January 2014 for 233 of our stores resulted in proceeds from the sale of these properties of approximately
$281.6 million.  

         Significant
components of property and equipment purchases in 2012 included the following approximate amounts: $155 million for new leased stores; $151 million for
improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $132 million for stores purchased or built by us; $83 million for distribution centers; $27 million for
systems-related capital projects; and $17 million for transportation-related projects. During 2012, we opened 625 new stores and remodeled or relocated 592 stores.  

         Capital
expenditures during 2015 are projected to be in the range of $500-$550 million. We anticipate funding 2015 capital requirements with existing cash balances, cash flows
from operations, and if necessary, as of January 30, 2015, we also have significant availability under our Revolving Facility. We plan to continue to invest in store growth and development of
approximately 730 new stores and approximately 875 stores to be remodeled or relocated. Capital expenditures in 2015 are anticipated to support our store growth as well as our remodel and relocation
initiatives, including  

 41 

 
 
 
   


 capital
outlays for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment; the construction of new stores; costs to support and enhance our supply chain initiatives including the distribution center under
construction in Texas; technology initiatives; as well as routine and ongoing capital requirements.  

          Cash flows from financing activities.     In 2014, we repurchased 14.1 million outstanding shares of our common stock at a total cost
of
$800.1 million. We made repayments of $75.0 million on the balance of the Term Facility. Borrowings and repayments under the Revolving Facility during the 2014 period were the same
amount, resulting in no net increase to amounts outstanding under the Revolving Facility during 2014.  


         The
2013 cash flows from financing activities reflect our refinancing in April 2013, including the issuance of long-term obligations which includes the $1.0 billion unsecured Term
Facility and the issuance of Senior Notes totaling approximately $1.3 billion. Proceeds from these transactions were used to extinguish our previous secured term loan and revolving credit
facilities which had balances of $1.96 billion and $155.6 million at termination. Net repayments under the Revolving Facility were $130.9 million during 2013. We paid debt
issuance costs and hedging fees totaling $29.2 million in 2013 related to the refinancing. Also in 2013, we repurchased 11.0 million outstanding shares of our common stock at a total
cost of $620.1 million.  

         In
2012 we repurchased 14.4 million outstanding shares of our common stock at a total cost of $671.4 million. In July 2012, we issued $500.0 million aggregate
principal amount of 4.125% senior notes
due 2017. Also in July 2012, we redeemed the remaining aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes due 2017 at a redemption price of 105.938% of the principal amount thereof, resulting in
a cash outflow of $477.5 million. Net borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility were $101.8 million during 2012.  

 



 


Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts and related disclosures. In addition to the estimates presented below, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed
critical as defined below. We believe these estimates are reasonable and appropriate. However, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used, the resulting changes
could have a material effect on the financial statements taken as a whole.  


         Management
believes the following policies and estimates are critical because they involve significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates. Management has discussed the development and
selection of the critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below relating to those policies and
estimates. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of our principal accounting policies.  

          Merchandise Inventories.     Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market ("LCM") with cost determined using the
retail last in,
first out ("LIFO") method. We use the retail inventory method ("RIM") to calculate gross profit and the resulting valuation of inventories at cost, which are computed by applying a calculated
cost-to-retail inventory ratio to the retail value of sales at a department level. The RIM is an averaging method that has been widely used in the retail industry due to its practicality. Also, the
use of the RIM will result in valuing inventories at LCM if markdowns are currently taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories. Inherent in the retail inventory method calculation are
certain significant management judgments and estimates including, among others, initial markups, markdowns, and shrinkage, which significantly impact the gross profit calculation as well as the ending
inventory valuation at cost. These significant estimates, coupled with  

 42 

 
 
 
   

 the
fact that the RIM is an averaging process, can, under certain circumstances, produce distorted cost figures. Factors that can lead to distortion in the calculation of the inventory balance
include: 

 
 
 •  applying the RIM to a group of products that is not fairly uniform in terms of its cost and selling price relationship and turnover;    
 •  applying the RIM to transactions over a period of time that include different rates of gross profit, such as those relating to
seasonal merchandise;  
 •  inaccurate estimates of inventory shrinkage between the date of the last physical inventory at a store and the financial statement
date; and  
 •  inaccurate estimates of LCM and/or LIFO reserves.  
 

         Factors
that reduce potential distortion include the use of historical experience in estimating the shrink provision (see discussion below) and an annual LIFO analysis whereby all SKUs
are considered for inclusion in the index formulation. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method is made at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time.
Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on management's estimates of expected year-end inventory levels, sales for the year and the expected rate of inflation/deflation for the year and are
thus subject to adjustment in the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. We also perform interim inventory analysis for determining obsolete inventory. Our policy is to write down inventory to an
LCM value based on various management assumptions including estimated markdowns and sales required to liquidate such inventory in future periods. Inventory is reviewed on a quarterly basis and
adjusted to reflect write-downs as appropriate.  

         Factors
such as slower inventory turnover due to changes in competitors' practices, consumer preferences, consumer spending and unseasonable weather patterns, among other factors, could
cause excess inventory requiring greater than estimated markdowns to entice consumer purchases, resulting in an unfavorable impact on our consolidated financial statements. Sales shortfalls due to the
above factors could cause reduced purchases from vendors and associated vendor allowances that would also result in an unfavorable impact on our consolidated financial statements.  

         We
calculate our shrink provision based on actual physical inventory results during the fiscal period and an accrual for estimated shrink occurring subsequent to a physical inventory
through the end of the fiscal reporting period. This accrual is calculated as a percentage of sales at each retail store, at a department level, and is determined by dividing the book-to-physical
inventory adjustments recorded during the previous twelve months by the related sales for the same period for each store. To the extent that subsequent physical inventories yield different results
than this estimated accrual, our effective shrink rate for a given reporting period will include the impact of adjusting the estimated results to the actual results. Although we perform physical
inventories in virtually all of our stores on an annual basis, the same stores do not necessarily get counted in the same reporting periods from year to year, which could impact comparability in a
given reporting period.  

         We
believe our estimates and assumptions related to merchandise inventories have generally been accurate in recent years and we do not currently anticipate material changes in these
estimates and assumptions.  

          Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.     The qualitative and quantitative assessments related to the valuation and any potential
impairment of goodwill
and other intangible assets are each subject to judgments and/or assumptions. Significant judgments required in the analysis of qualitative factors may include determining the appropriate factors to
consider and the relative importance of those factors along with other assumptions. Significant judgments required in the quantitative testing process may include projecting future cash flows,
determining appropriate discount rates, correctly applying valuation techniques, correctly computing the implied fair value of goodwill if necessary, and other  

 43 

 
 
 
   

 assumptions.
Future cash flow projections are based on management's projections and represent best estimates taking into account recent financial performance, market trends, strategic plans and other
available information, which in recent years have been materially accurate. Although not currently anticipated, changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of
fair value or impairment. Future indicators of impairment could result in an asset impairment charge. If these judgments or assumptions are incorrect or flawed, the analysis could be negatively
impacted.  

         Our
most recent testing of our goodwill and indefinite lived trade name intangible assets was completed during the third quarter of 2014. No indicators of impairment were evident and no
assessment of or adjustment to these assets was required. We are not currently projecting a decline in cash flows that could be expected to have an adverse effect such as a violation of debt covenants
or future impairment charges.  

          Property and Equipment.     Property and equipment are recorded at cost. We group our assets into relatively homogeneous classes and
generally provide
for depreciation on a straight-line basis over the estimated average useful life of each asset class, except for leasehold improvements, which are amortized over the lesser of the applicable lease
term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Certain store and warehouse fixtures, when fully depreciated, are removed from the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization accounts.
The valuation and classification of these assets and the assignment of depreciable lives involves significant judgments and the use of estimates, which we believe have been materially accurate in
recent years.  

          Impairment of Long-lived Assets.     Impairment of long-lived assets results when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated
undiscounted
future cash flows generated by the assets. Our estimate of undiscounted future store cash flows is based upon historical operations of the stores and estimates of future profitability which
encompasses many factors that are subject to variability and are difficult to predict. If our estimates of future cash flows are not materially accurate, our impairment analysis could be impacted
accordingly. If a long-lived asset is found to be impaired, the amount recognized for impairment is equal to the difference between the carrying value and the asset's estimated fair value. The fair
value is estimated based primarily upon projected future cash flows (discounted at our credit adjusted risk-free rate) or other reasonable estimates of fair market value in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Although not currently anticipated, changes in these estimates, assumptions or projections could materially affect the determination of fair value or impairment.  


         Insurance Liabilities.     We retain a significant portion of the risk for our workers' compensation, employee health, property loss,
automobile and
general liability. These represent significant costs primarily due to our large employee base and number of stores. Provisions are made for these liabilities on an undiscounted basis based on actual
claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed using actuarial methodologies based on historical claim trends, which have been and are anticipated to continue to be materially
accurate. If future claim trends deviate from recent historical patterns, or other unanticipated events affect the number and significance of future claims, we may be required to record additional
expenses or expense reductions, which could be material to our future financial results.  


         Contingent Liabilities—Income Taxes.     Income tax reserves are determined using the methodology established by accounting standards
relating to uncertainty in income taxes. These standards require companies to assess each income tax position taken using a two-step process. A determination is first made as to whether it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained, based upon the technical merits, upon examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is expected to meet the more likely than not
criteria, the benefit recorded for the tax position equals the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the respective tax position. Uncertain tax
positions require determinations and liabilities to be estimated based on provisions of the  

 44 

 
 
 
   

 tax
law which may be subject to change or varying interpretation. If our determinations and estimates prove to be inaccurate, the resulting adjustments could be material to our future financial
results.  

         Contingent Liabilities—Legal Matters.     We are subject to legal, regulatory and other proceedings and claims. We establish
liabilities as
appropriate for these claims and proceedings based upon the probability and estimability of losses and to fairly present, in conjunction with the disclosures of these matters in our financial
statements and SEC filings, management's view of our exposure. We review outstanding claims and proceedings with external counsel to assess probability and estimates of loss, which includes an
analysis of whether such loss estimates are probable, reasonably possible, or remote. We re-evaluate these assessments on a quarterly basis or as new and significant information becomes available to
determine whether a liability should be established or if any existing liability should be adjusted. The actual cost of resolving a claim or proceeding ultimately may be substantially different than
the amount of the recorded liability. In addition, because it is not permissible under U.S. GAAP to establish a litigation liability until the loss is both probable and estimable, in some cases
there may be insufficient time to establish a liability prior to the actual incurrence of the loss (upon verdict and judgment at trial, for example, or in the case of a quickly negotiated settlement).  

          Lease Accounting and Excess Facilities.     Many of our stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements with landlords, which typically
carry a primary
lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options. We also have stores subject to shorter-term leases and many of these leases have renewal options. Certain of our stores have
provisions for contingent rentals based upon a percentage of defined sales volume. We recognize contingent rental expense when the achievement of specified sales targets is considered probable. We
record minimum rental expense on a straight-line basis over the base, non-cancelable lease term commencing on the date that we take physical possession of the property from the landlord, which
normally includes a period prior to store opening to make necessary leasehold improvements and install store fixtures. When a lease contains a predetermined fixed escalation of the minimum rent, we
recognize the related rent expense on a straight-line basis and record the difference between the recognized rental expense and the amounts payable under the lease as deferred rent. Tenant
allowances, to the extent received, are recorded as deferred incentive rent and amortized as a reduction to rent expense over the term of the lease. We reflect as a liability any difference between
the calculated expense and the amounts actually paid. Improvements of leased properties are amortized over the shorter of the life of the applicable lease term or the estimated useful life of the
asset.  

          Share-Based Payments.     Our share-based stock option awards are valued on an individual grant basis using the Black-Scholes-Merton closed
form option
pricing model. We believe that this model fairly estimates the value of our share-based awards. The application of this valuation model involves assumptions that are judgmental and highly sensitive in
the valuation of stock options, which affects compensation expense related to these options. These assumptions include the term that the options are expected to be outstanding, the historical
volatility of our stock price, applicable interest rates and the dividend yield of our stock. Other factors involving judgments that affect the expensing of share-based payments include estimated
forfeiture rates of share-based awards. Historically, these estimates have not been materially inaccurate; however, if our estimates differ materially from actual experience, we may be required to
record additional expense or reductions of expense, which could be material to our future financial results.  

          Fair Value Measurements.     Accounting standards for the measurement of fair value of assets and liabilities establish a fair value
hierarchy that
distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2
of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). Therefore, Level 3
inputs are typically based on an entity's own assumptions, as there is little, if any,  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 related
market activity, and thus require the use of significant judgment and estimates. Currently, we have no assets or liabilities that are valued based solely on Level 3 inputs.  


         Our
fair value measurements are primarily associated with our derivative financial instruments, intangible assets, debt instruments, and to a lesser degree our investments. We use
various valuation models in determining the values of these assets and liabilities. The application of these models involves assumptions such as discounted cash flow analysis and interest rate curves
that are judgmental and highly sensitive in the fair value computations. In recent years, these methodologies have produced materially accurate valuations.  

          Derivative Financial Instruments.     In addition to estimating the fair value of derivatives as discussed above, we also bear the risk
that certain
derivative instruments that have been designated as hedges and currently meet the strict hedge accounting requirements may not qualify in the future as "highly effective," as defined, as well as the
risk that hedged transactions in cash flow hedging relationships may no longer be considered probable to occur. If hedge accounting were disallowed it could cause greater volatility in our results of
operations. Further, new regulations, accounting standards, and related interpretations pertaining to these instruments may be issued in the future, and we cannot predict the possible impact that such
requirements may have on our use of derivative instruments.  

 46 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

 



 


Financial Risk Management   

         We are exposed to market risk primarily from adverse changes in interest rates, and to a lesser degree commodity prices. To minimize
this risk, we may periodically use financial instruments, including derivatives. All derivative financial instrument transactions must be authorized and executed pursuant to approval by the Board of
Directors. As a matter of policy, we do not buy or sell financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes, and any such derivative financial instruments are intended to be used to reduce risk
by hedging an underlying economic exposure. Because of high correlation between the derivative financial instrument and the underlying exposure being hedged, fluctuations in the value of the financial
instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the value of the underlying economic exposure.  

 


 


Interest Rate Risk   

         We manage our interest rate risk through the strategic use of fixed and variable interest rate debt and, from time to time, derivative
financial instruments. Our principal interest rate exposure relates to outstanding amounts under our unsecured debt Facilities. As of January 30, 2015, we had variable rate borrowings of
$925 million under our Term Facility and no borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Facility. In order to mitigate a portion of the variable rate interest exposure under the Facilities, we
have entered into various interest rate swaps in recent years. For a detailed discussion of our Facilities, see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.  

         Currently,
we are counterparty to certain interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $875.0 million entered into in May 2012 in order to mitigate a portion of the
variable rate interest exposure under the Facilities. These swaps are scheduled to mature in May 2015. Under the terms of these agreements we swapped one month LIBOR rates for fixed interest rates,
resulting in the payment of an all-in fixed rate of 1.86% on a notional amount of $875.0 million.  


         A
change in interest rates on variable rate debt impacts our pre-tax earnings and cash flows; whereas a change in interest rates on fixed rate debt impacts the economic fair value of
debt but not our pre-tax earnings and cash flows. Our interest rate swaps qualify for hedge accounting as cash flow hedges. Therefore, changes in market fluctuations related to the effective portion
of these cash flow hedges do not impact our pre-tax earnings until the accrued interest is recognized on the derivatives and the associated hedged debt. Based on our variable rate borrowing levels and
interest rate swaps outstanding as of January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, respectively, the annualized effect of a one percentage point increase in variable interest rates would have
resulted in a pretax reduction of our earnings and cash flows of approximately $0.6 million in 2014 and $1.4 million in 2013.  

         Market
conditions and periodic uncertainties in the global credit markets may increase the credit risk of counterparties to our swap agreements. In the event such counterparties fail to
perform under our swap agreements and we are unable to enter into new swap agreements on terms favorable to us, our ability to effectively manage our interest rate risk may be materially impaired. We
attempt to manage counterparty credit risk by periodically evaluating the financial position and creditworthiness of such counterparties, monitoring the amount for which we are at risk with each
counterparty, and where possible, dispersing the risk among multiple counterparties. There can be no assurance that we will manage or mitigate our counterparty credit risk effectively.  

 47 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

   
       ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

   
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Dollar General Corporation  

         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries as of January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, and the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 30, 2015. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  


         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries at
January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 30, 2015, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries' internal control
over financial reporting as of January 30, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 20, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 
  Nashville, Tennessee 
March 20, 2015 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  48 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS              (In thousands, except per share amounts)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 579,823 
   
 

 
$ 
 505,566 
   
 
 
   Merchandise inventories 
   
   
 2,782,521 
   
   
 2,552,993 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 170,265 
   
   
 147,048  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 3,532,609 
   
   
 3,205,607  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net property and equipment 
   
   
 2,116,075 
   
   
 2,080,305  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 4,338,589 
   
   
 4,338,589  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 1,201,870 
   
   
 1,207,645  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 34,961 
   
   
 35,378  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,224,104 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,867,524  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term obligations 
   
 
 
$ 
 101,158 
   
 

 
$ 
 75,966 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 1,388,154 
   
   
 1,286,484 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 413,760 
   
   
 368,578 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 59,400 
   
   
 59,148 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 25,268 
   
   
 21,795  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 1,987,740 
   
   
 1,811,971  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Long-term obligations 
   
   
 2,639,427 
   
   
 2,742,788  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 601,590 
   
   
 614,026  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 285,309 
   
   
 296,546  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, 1,000 shares authorized 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock; $0.875 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, 303,447 and 317,058 shares issued and outstanding at January 30, 2015 and
January 31, 2014, respectively 
   
   
 265,514 
   
   
 277,424 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 3,048,806 
   
   
 3,009,226 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 2,403,045 
   
   
 2,125,453 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (7,327 
 ) 
   
 (9,910 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 5,710,038 
   
   
 5,402,193  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,224,104 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,867,524  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 49 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME              (In thousands, except per share amounts)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909,588 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504,167 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,022,128 
   
 
 
   Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 13,107,081 
   
   
 12,068,425 
   
   
 10,936,727  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 5,802,507 
   
   
 5,435,742 
   
   
 5,085,401 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 4,033,414 
   
   
 3,699,557 
   
   
 3,430,125  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 1,769,093 
   
   
 1,736,185 
   
   
 1,655,276 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 88,232 
   
   
 88,984 
   
   
 127,926 
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18,871 
   
   
 29,956  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,680,861 
   
   
 1,628,330 
   
   
 1,497,394 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 615,516 
   
   
 603,214 
   
   
 544,732  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
$ 
 952,662  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Earnings per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 

 
$ 
 3.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.87 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.85 
   
 
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 304,633 
   
   
 322,886 
   
   
 332,254 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 305,681 
   
   
 323,854 
   
   
 334,469 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 50 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME              (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
$ 
 952,662 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions, net of related income tax expense (benefit) of $1,671, $(4,461) and $1,448, respectively 
   
   
 2,583 
   
   
 (6,972 
 ) 
   
 2,253  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,067,928 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,018,144 
   
 
 
$ 
 954,915  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 51 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY              (In thousands except per share amounts)     
 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Common 
Stock 
Shares  
   
 Common 
Stock  
   
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Retained 
Earnings  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balances, February 3, 2012 
   
   
 338,089 
   
 
 
$ 
 295,828 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,967,027 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,416,918 
   
 
 
$ 
 (5,191 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 4,674,582 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 952,662 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 952,662 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,253 
   
   
 2,253 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 21,664 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 21,664 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (14,394 
 ) 
   
 (12,595 
 ) 
   
 (16 
 ) 
   
 (658,848 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (671,459 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 77,020 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 77,020 
   
 
 
   Exercise of share-based awards 
   
   
 3,048 
   
   
 2,667 
   
   
 (75,787 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (73,120 
 ) 
 
 
   Other equity transactions 
   
   
 326 
   
   
 285 
   
   
 1,443 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,728  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances, February 1, 2013 
   
   
 327,069 
   
 
 
$ 
 286,185 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,991,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,710,732 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2,938 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 4,985,330 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,025,116 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,972 
 ) 
   
 (6,972 
 ) 
 
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20,961 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20,961 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (11,037 
 ) 
   
 (9,657 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (610,395 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (620,052 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,151 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,151 
   
 
 
   Exercise of share-based awards 
   
   
 1,026 
   
   
 896 
   
   
 (27,237 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (26,341 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 317,058 
   
 
 
$ 
 277,424 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,009,226 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,125,453 
   
 
 
$ 
 (9,910 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 5,402,193 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,065,345 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,583 
   
   
 2,583 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 37,338 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 37,338 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (14,106 
 ) 
   
 (12,342 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (787,753 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (800,095 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,047 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,047 
   
 
 
   Exercise of share-based awards 
   
   
 495 
   
   
 432 
   
   
 (2,805 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,373 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 303,447 
   
 
 
$ 
 265,514 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,048,806 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,403,045 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7,327 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 5,710,038  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 52 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS              (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
$ 
 952,662 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 342,353 
   
   
 332,837 
   
   
 302,911 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 (17,734 
 ) 
   
 (36,851 
 ) 
   
 (2,605 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit of share-based awards 
   
   
 (12,147 
 ) 
   
 (30,990 
 ) 
   
 (87,752 
 ) 
 
 
   Loss on debt retirement, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18,871 
   
   
 30,620 
   
 
 
   Noncash share-based compensation 
   
   
 37,338 
   
   
 20,961 
   
   
 21,664 
   
 
 
   Other noncash (gains) and losses 
   
   
 8,551 
   
   
 (12,747 
 ) 
   
 6,774 
   
 
 
   Change in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Merchandise inventories 
   
   
 (233,559 
 ) 
   
 (144,943 
 ) 
   
 (391,409 
 ) 
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 (25,048 
 ) 
   
 (4,947 
 ) 
   
 5,553 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 97,166 
   
   
 36,942 
   
   
 194,035 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
   
   
 41,635 
   
   
 16,265 
   
   
 (36,741 
 ) 
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 12,399 
   
   
 (5,249 
 ) 
   
 138,711 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (1,555 
 ) 
   
 (2,200 
 ) 
   
 (3,071 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
   
 1,314,744 
   
   
 1,213,065 
   
   
 1,131,352  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment 
   
   
 (373,967 
 ) 
   
 (538,444 
 ) 
   
 (571,596 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 
   
   
 2,268 
   
   
 288,466 
   
   
 1,760  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
   
 (371,699 
 ) 
   
 (249,978 
 ) 
   
 (569,836 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Issuance of long-term obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,297,177 
   
   
 500,000 
   
 
 
   Repayments of long-term obligations 
   
   
 (78,467 
 ) 
   
 (2,119,991 
 ) 
   
 (478,255 
 ) 
 
 
   Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 
   
   
 1,023,000 
   
   
 1,172,900 
   
   
 2,286,700 
   
 
 
   Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facilities 
   
   
 (1,023,000 
 ) 
   
 (1,303,800 
 ) 
   
 (2,184,900 
 ) 
 
 
   Debt issuance costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,996 
 ) 
   
 (15,278 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for cash flow hedge related to debt issuance 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (13,217 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (800,095 
 ) 
   
 (620,052 
 ) 
   
 (671,459 
 ) 
 
 
   Other equity transactions, net of employee taxes paid 
   
   
 (2,373 
 ) 
   
 (26,341 
 ) 
   
 (71,393 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit of share-based awards 
   
   
 12,147 
   
   
 30,990 
   
   
 87,752  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
   
 (868,788 
 ) 
   
 (598,330 
 ) 
   
 (546,833 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 74,257 
   
   
 364,757 
   
   
 14,683 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 505,566 
   
   
 140,809 
   
   
 126,126  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 579,823 
   
 
 
$ 
 505,566 
   
 
 
$ 
 140,809  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental cash flow information: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest 
   
 
 
$ 
 82,447 
   
 
 
$ 
 73,464 
   
 
 
$ 
 121,712 
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 631,483 
   
 
 
$ 
 646,811 
   
 
 
$ 
 422,333 
   
 
 
   Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment awaiting processing for payment, included in Accounts payable 
   
 
 
$ 
 31,586 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,082 
   
 
 
$ 
 39,147 
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment under capital lease obligations 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,440 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 53 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          


 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies   

 


 


Basis of presentation   

         These notes contain references to the years 2014, 2013, and 2012, which represent fiscal years ended January 30, 2015,
January 31, 2014, and February 1, 2013, respectively, each of which were 52-week accounting periods. The Company's fiscal year ends on the Friday closest to January 31. The
consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries of the Company, except for its not-for-profit subsidiary which the Company does not control. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated.  

         The
Company sells general merchandise on a retail basis through 11,789 stores (as of January 30, 2015) in 40 states covering most of the southern, southwestern, midwestern and
eastern United States. The Company has owned distribution centers ("DCs") in Scottsville, Kentucky; South Boston, Virginia; Alachua, Florida; Zanesville, Ohio; Jonesville, South Carolina; Marion,
Indiana; Bessemer, Alabama; and Bethel, Pennsylvania, and leased DCs in Ardmore, Oklahoma; Fulton, Missouri; Indianola, Mississippi; and Lebec, California.  

 


 


Cash and cash equivalents   

         Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and original maturities of three
months or less when purchased. Such investments primarily consist of money market funds, bank deposits, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. The carrying amounts of these items are a
reasonable estimate of their fair value due to the short maturity of these investments.  


         Payments
due from processors for electronic tender transactions classified as cash and cash equivalents totaled approximately $58.5 million and $44.0 million at
January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, respectively.  

         At
January 30, 2015, the Company maintained cash balances to meet a $20 million minimum threshold set by insurance regulators, as further described below under "Insurance
liabilities."  

 


 


Investments in debt and equity securities   

         The Company accounts for investments in debt and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale, or trading,
depending on their classification. Debt securities categorized as held-to-maturity are stated at amortized cost. Debt and equity securities categorized as available-for-sale are stated at fair value,
with any unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred income taxes, reported as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Trading securities (primarily mutual funds held pursuant to
deferred compensation and supplemental retirement plans, as further discussed below in Notes 6 and 9) are stated at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded as a component of
Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expense. The cost of securities sold is based upon the specific identification method.  


 


 


Merchandise inventories   

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined using the retail last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method as this
method results in a better matching of costs
and revenues. Under the Company's retail inventory method ("RIM"), the calculation of gross profit and the resulting valuation of inventories at cost are computed by applying a calculated
cost-to-retail inventory ratio to the retail value of sales at a department level. The use of the RIM will result in valuing inventories at the lower  

 54 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 of
cost or market ("LCM") if markdowns are currently taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories. Costs directly associated with warehousing and distribution are capitalized into
inventory.  

         The
excess of current cost over LIFO cost was approximately $95.1 million and $90.9 million at January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, respectively. Current
cost is determined using the RIM on a first-in, first-out basis. Under the LIFO inventory method, the impacts of rising or falling market price changes increase or decrease cost of sales (the LIFO
provision or benefit). The Company recorded a LIFO provision (benefit) of $4.2 million in 2014, $(11.0) million in 2013, and $1.4 million in 2012, which is included in cost of goods sold
in the consolidated statements of income.  

         The
Company purchases its merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers. The Company's largest and second largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 7% of the Company's purchases
in 2014.  

 


 


Vendor rebates   

         The Company accounts for all cash consideration received from vendors in accordance with applicable accounting standards pertaining to
such arrangements. Cash consideration received from a vendor is generally presumed to be a rebate or an allowance and is accounted for as a reduction of merchandise purchase costs as earned. However,
certain specific, incremental and otherwise qualifying SG&A expenses related to the promotion or sale of vendor products may be offset by cash consideration received from vendors, in accordance with
arrangements such as cooperative advertising, when earned for dollar amounts up to but not exceeding actual incremental costs.  

 


 


Prepaid expenses and other current assets   


         Prepaid expenses and other current assets include prepaid amounts for rent, maintenance, business licenses, advertising, and insurance,
and amounts receivable for certain vendor rebates (primarily those expected to be collected in cash) and coupons.  

 


 


Property and equipment   

         As the result of a merger transaction in 2007, the Company's property and equipment was recorded at estimated fair values. Property and
equipment acquired subsequent to the merger has been recorded at cost. The Company records depreciation and amortization on a straight-line basis over the  

 55 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 assets'
estimated useful lives. The Company's property and equipment balances and depreciable lives are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Depreciable 
Life  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
$ 
 172,329 
   
 
 
$ 
 163,448 
   
 
 
   Land improvements 
   
 20 
   
   
 55,375 
   
   
 48,566 
   
 
 
   Buildings 
   
 39-40 
   
   
 800,346 
   
   
 765,555 
   
 
 
   Leasehold improvements 
   
 (a) 
   
   
 361,557 
   
   
 326,122 
   
 
 
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
   
 3-10 
   
   
 2,295,590 
   
   
 2,078,893 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
   
   
 68,360 
   
   
 70,332  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 3,753,557 
   
   
 3,452,916 
   
 
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
   
   
 1,637,482 
   
   
 1,372,611  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net property and equipment 
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 2,116,075 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,080,305  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Amortized
over the lesser of the life of the applicable lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.   
  
          Depreciation
expense related to property and equipment was approximately $335.9 million, $315.3 million and $277.2 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012. Amortization of
capital lease assets is included in depreciation expense. Interest on borrowed funds during the construction of property and equipment is capitalized where applicable. Interest costs of
$0.2 million, $1.2 million and $0.6 million were capitalized in 2014, 2013 and 2012.  

 


 


Impairment of long-lived assets   

         When indicators of impairment are present, the Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets, other than goodwill, in
relation to the operating performance and future cash flows or the appraised values of the underlying assets. Generally, the Company's policy is to review for impairment stores open more than three
years for which current cash flows from operations are negative. Impairment results when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the
assets. The Company's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is based upon historical operations of the stores and estimates of future store profitability which encompasses many factors that are
subject to variability and difficult to predict. If a long-lived asset is found to be impaired, the amount recognized for impairment is equal to the difference between the carrying value and the
asset's estimated fair value. The fair value is estimated based primarily upon estimated future cash flows over the asset's remaining useful life (discounted at the Company's credit adjusted risk-free
rate) or other reasonable estimates of fair market value. Assets to be disposed of are adjusted to the fair value less the cost to sell if less than the book value.  


         The
Company recorded impairment charges included in SG&A expense of approximately $1.9 million in 2014, $0.5 million in 2013 and $2.7 million in 2012, to reduce the
carrying value of certain of its stores' assets. Such action was deemed necessary based on the Company's evaluation that such amounts would not be recoverable primarily due to insufficient sales or
excessive costs resulting in negative current and projected future cash flows at these locations.  

 56 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 



 


Goodwill and other intangible assets   

         The Company amortizes intangible assets over their estimated useful lives unless such lives are deemed indefinite. Goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present. Other intangible assets are tested for impairment if indicators
of impairment are present. Impaired assets are written down to fair value as required. No impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any of the periods presented.  

         In
accordance with accounting standards for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events and
circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If after such assessment an entity concludes that the asset is not impaired,
then the entity is not required to take further action. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the asset using a quantitative impairment test,
and if impaired, the associated assets must be written down to fair value as described in further detail below.  

         The
quantitative goodwill impairment test is a two-step process that requires management to make judgments in determining what assumptions to use in the calculation. The first step of
the process consists of estimating the fair value of the Company's reporting unit based on valuation techniques (including a discounted cash flow model using revenue and profit forecasts) and
comparing that estimated fair value with the recorded carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, a second step is performed to compute the
amount of the impairment by determining an "implied fair value" of goodwill. The determination of the implied fair value of goodwill would require the Company to allocate the estimated fair value of
its reporting unit to its assets and liabilities. Any unallocated fair value would represent the implied fair value of goodwill, which would be compared to its corresponding carrying value.  

         The
quantitative impairment test for intangible assets compares the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its
fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  

 


 


Other assets   

         Noncurrent Other assets consist primarily of qualifying prepaid expenses, debt issuance costs which are amortized over the life of the
related obligations, beer and wine licenses, and utility, security and other deposits.  

 57 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  


 


 


Accrued expenses and other liabilities   

         Accrued expenses and other consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
 
 
$ 
 78,645 
   
 
 
$ 
 47,909 
   
 
 
   Insurance 
   
   
 81,944 
   
   
 84,697 
   
 
 
   Taxes (other than taxes on income) 
   
   
 124,893 
   
   
 104,990 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 128,278 
   
   
 130,982  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 413,760 
   
 
 
$ 
 368,578  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Other
accrued expenses primarily include the current portion of liabilities for interest expense, legal settlements, freight expense, accrued bank fees, utilities, and common area and
other maintenance charges.  

 


 


Insurance liabilities   

         The Company retains a significant portion of risk for its workers' compensation, employee health, general liability, property and
automobile claim exposures. Accordingly, provisions are made for the Company's estimates of such risks. The undiscounted future claim costs for the workers' compensation, general liability, and health
claim risks are derived using actuarial methods and are recorded as self-insurance reserves pursuant to Company policy. To the extent that subsequent claim costs vary from those estimates, future
results of operations will be affected as the reserves are adjusted.  

         Ashley
River Insurance Company ("ARIC"), a South Carolina-based wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary of the Company, charges the operating subsidiary companies premiums to insure
the retained workers' compensation and non-property general liability exposures. Pursuant to South Carolina insurance regulations, ARIC maintains certain levels of cash and cash equivalents related to
its self-insured exposures. ARIC currently insures no unrelated third-party risk.  

 


 


Operating leases and related liabilities   

         Rent expense is recognized over the term of the lease. The Company records minimum rental expense on a straight-line basis over the
base, non-cancelable lease term commencing on the date that the Company takes physical possession of the property from the landlord, which normally includes a period prior to the store opening to make
necessary leasehold improvements and install store fixtures. When a lease contains a predetermined fixed escalation of the minimum rent, the Company recognizes the related rent expense on a
straight-line basis and records the difference between the recognized rental expense and the amounts payable under the lease as deferred rent. Tenant allowances, to the extent received, are recorded
as deferred incentive rent and are amortized as a reduction to rent expense over the term of the lease. The difference between the calculated expense and the amounts paid result in a liability, with
the current portion in Accrued expenses and other and
the long-term portion in Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, and totaled approximately $54.6 million and $49.5 million at January 30, 2015 and January 31,
2014, respectively.  

 58 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)   

 
        The Company recognizes contingent rental expense when the achievement of specified sales targets is considered probable. The amount expensed but not paid as of January 30, 2015
and January 31, 2014 was approximately $4.8 million and $6.0 million, respectively, and is included in Accrued expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets.  

 


 


Other liabilities   


         Noncurrent Other liabilities consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,266 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,604 
   
 
 
   Insurance 
   
   
 140,916 
   
   
 145,162 
   
 
 
   Income tax related reserves 
   
   
 10,690 
   
   
 18,802 
   
 
 
   Deferred gain on sale leaseback 
   
   
 58,215 
   
   
 62,693 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 55,222 
   
   
 52,285  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 285,309 
   
 
 
$ 
 296,546  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Amounts
categorized as "Other" in the table above consist primarily of deferred rent.  

 


 


Fair value accounting   

         The Company utilizes accounting standards for fair value, which include the definition of fair value, the framework for measuring fair
value, and disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based on
the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, fair value accounting
standards establish a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs
that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3
of the hierarchy).  

         Level 1
inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs are
inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are based on an entity's own assumptions, as there is little, if any,
observable market activity. In instances where the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the
entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular
input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.  

 59 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

         The
valuation of the Company's derivative financial instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash
flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves.
The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments (or receipts) and the discounted expected variable cash
receipts (or payments). The variable cash receipts (or payments) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves.  

         The
Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVAs) to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair
value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit
enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees.  

         In
connection with accounting standards for fair value measurement, the Company has made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments
that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. However, the CVAs associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of
default by itself and its counterparties. As of January 30, 2015, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the CVAs on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and
has determined that the CVAs are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. Based on the Company's review of the CVAs by counterparty portfolio, the Company has determined that the
CVAs are not significant to the overall portfolio valuations, as the CVAs are deemed to be immaterial in terms of basis points and are a very small percentage of the aggregate notional value of the
derivative instruments. Although some of the CVAs as a percentage of termination value appear to be more significant, primary emphasis was placed on a review of the CVA in basis points and the
percentage of the notional value. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  

 


 


Derivative financial instruments   

         The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with applicable accounting standards for such instruments and
hedging activities, which require that all derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the
derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to
apply hedge accounting.  

         Derivatives
designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as
interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted
transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally
provides for the matching of the timing  

 60 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 of
gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value
hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge a certain portion of
its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply the hedge accounting standards.  


         The
Company's derivative financial instruments, in the form of interest rate swaps at January 30, 2015, are related to variable interest rate risk exposures associated with the
Company's long-term debt and were entered into in an effort to manage that risk. The counterparties to the Company's derivative agreements are all major international financial institutions. The
Company continually monitors its position and the credit ratings of its counterparties and does not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.  

 


 


Revenue and gain recognition   

         The Company recognizes retail sales in its stores at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise. All sales are net of
discounts and estimated returns and are presented net of taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed concurrent with those sales. The liability for retail merchandise returns is based
on the Company's prior experience. The Company records gain contingencies when realized.  

         The
Company recognizes gift card sales revenue at the time of redemption. The liability for the gift cards is established for the cash value at the time of purchase. The liability for
outstanding gift cards was approximately $2.5 million and $4.3 million at January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, respectively, and is recorded in Accrued expenses and other
liabilities. Estimated breakage revenue, a percentage of gift cards that will never be redeemed based on historical redemption rates, is recognized over time in
proportion to actual gift card redemptions. For the year ended January 30, 2015, the Company recorded breakage revenue of $2.4 million.  

 


 


Advertising costs   

         Advertising costs are expensed upon performance, "first showing" or distribution, and are reflected in SG&A expenses net of earned
cooperative advertising amounts provided by vendors which are specific, incremental and otherwise qualifying expenses related to the promotion or sale of vendor products for dollar amounts up to but
not exceeding actual incremental costs. Advertising costs were $77.3 million, $70.5 million and $61.7 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These costs primarily include
promotional circulars, targeted circulars supporting new stores, television and radio advertising, in-store signage, and costs associated with the sponsorships of certain automobile racing activities.
Vendor funding for cooperative advertising offset reported expenses by $35.0 million, $31.9 million and $23.6 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 


 


Share-based payments   

         The Company recognizes compensation expense for share-based compensation based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date.
Forfeitures are estimated at the time of valuation and reduce expense ratably over the vesting period. This estimate may be adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures
differ, or are expected to differ, from the prior estimate. The forfeiture rate  

 61 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 is
the estimated percentage of options granted that are expected to be forfeited or canceled before becoming fully vested. The Company bases this estimate on historical experience or estimates of
future trends, as applicable. An increase in the forfeiture rate will decrease compensation expense.  


         The
fair value of each option grant is separately estimated and amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line basis between the applicable grant date and each vesting date. The
Company has estimated the fair value of all stock option awards as of the grant date by applying the
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing valuation model. The application of this valuation model involves assumptions that are judgmental and highly sensitive in the determination of compensation expense.  

         The
Company calculates compensation expense for restricted stock, share units and similar awards as the difference between the market price of the underlying stock on the grant date and
the purchase price, if any. Such expense is recognized on a straight-line basis for graded awards or an accelerated basis for performance awards over the period in which the recipient earns the
awards.  

 


 


Store pre-opening costs   

         Pre-opening costs related to new store openings and the related construction periods are expensed as incurred.  

 


 


Income taxes   

         Under the accounting standards for income taxes, the asset and liability method is used for computing the future income tax
consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company's consolidated financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax expense or benefit is the net change during the year in
the Company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities.  

         The
Company includes income tax related interest and penalties as a component of the provision for income tax expense.  

         Income
tax reserves are determined using a methodology which requires companies to assess each income tax position taken using a two-step process. A determination is first made as to
whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained, based upon the technical merits, upon examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is expected to meet the more
likely than not criteria, the benefit recorded for the tax position equals the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the respective tax position.
Uncertain tax positions require determinations and estimated liabilities to be made based on provisions of the tax law which may be subject to change or varying interpretation. If the Company's
determinations and estimates prove to be inaccurate, the resulting adjustments could be material to the Company's future financial results.  

 


 


Management estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

 62 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 


 


Accounting standards   

         In July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an accounting standards update which relates to the presentation of an
unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. The Company's adoption of this guidance in the first quarter of 2014 did not
have a material effect on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.  

         In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued comprehensive new accounting standards related to the recognition of revenue. This guidance is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted. The new guidance allows for companies to use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach in
the adoption of this guidance, and the Company is evaluating these transition approaches. The Company will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and is currently in the process
of evaluating the effect of adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

 


 


Reclassifications   

         Certain financial disclosures relating to prior periods may have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.  


 


 


2. Goodwill and other intangible assets   

 
        As of January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, the balances of the Company's intangible assets were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of January 30, 2015  
   
 
 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Remaining 
Life  
   
 Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net  
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Other intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Leasehold interests 
   
 1 to 8 years 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,218 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,048 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,170 
   
 
 
   Trade names and trademarks 
   
 Indefinite 
   
   
 1,199,700 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,199,700  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 1,217,918 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,048 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,201,870  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of January 31, 2014  
   
 
 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Remaining 
Life  
   
 Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net  
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Other intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Leasehold interests 
   
 1 to 9 years 
   
 
 
$ 
 64,644 
   
 
 
$ 
 56,699 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,945 
   
 
 
   Trade names and trademarks 
   
 Indefinite 
   
   
 1,199,700 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,199,700  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 1,264,344 
   
 
 
$ 
 56,699 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,207,645  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  63 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2. Goodwill and other intangible assets (Continued)  

         The
Company recorded amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets for 2014, 2013 and 2012 of $5.8 million, $11.9 million and $16.9 million,
respectively, all of which is included in rent expense. Expected future cash flows associated with the Company's intangible assets are not expected to be materially affected by the Company's intent or
ability to renew or extend the arrangements. The Company's goodwill balance is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  


         For
intangible assets subject to amortization, the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows:
2015—$0.9 million, 2016—$0.3 million, 2017—$0.2 million, 2018—$0.2 million and 2019—$0.2 million.  


 


 


3. Earnings per share   

 
        Earnings per share is computed as follows (in thousands except per share data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Net Income  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Shares  
   
 Per Share 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
   
 304,633 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.50 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive share-based awards 
   
   
   
   
   
 1,048 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
   
 305,681 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.49  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Net Income  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Shares  
   
 Per Share 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
   
 322,886 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive share-based awards 
   
   
   
   
   
 968 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
   
 323,854 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Net Income  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Shares  
   
 Per Share 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 952,662 
   
   
 332,254 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.87 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive share-based awards 
   
   
   
   
   
 2,215 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 952,662 
   
   
 334,469 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.85  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Basic
earnings per share was computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share was
determined based on the dilutive effect of share-based awards using the treasury stock method.  

         Options
to purchase shares of common stock that were outstanding at the end of the respective periods, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the
effect of exercising such options would be antidilutive, were 1.2 million, 1.2 million, and 0.8 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 64 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


 


 


4. Income taxes   

 
        The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Current: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
 
 
$ 
 543,089 
   
 
 
$ 
 530,728 
   
 
 
$ 
 457,370 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 1,245 
   
   
 1,324 
   
   
 1,209 
   
 
 
   State 
   
   
 81,816 
   
   
 101,174 
   
   
 78,025  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 626,150 
   
   
 633,226 
   
   
 536,604  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
   
 (7,697 
 ) 
   
 (16,132 
 ) 
   
 9,734 
   
 
 
   State 
   
   
 (2,937 
 ) 
   
 (13,880 
 ) 
   
 (1,606 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 (10,634 
 ) 
   
 (30,012 
 ) 
   
 8,128  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 615,516 
   
 
 
$ 
 603,214 
   
 
 
$ 
 544,732  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          A
reconciliation between actual income taxes and amounts computed by applying the federal statutory rate to income before income taxes is summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   U.S. federal statutory rate on earnings before income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 588,303 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 569,916 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 

 
$ 
 524,088 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
   
   
 49,819 
   
   
 3.0 
   
   
 56,822 
   
   
 3.5 
   
   
 52,713 
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
   Jobs credits, net of federal income taxes 
   
   
 (18,961 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (19,348 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 (16,062 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in valuation allowances 
   
   
 1,453 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 (437 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (3,050 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Decrease in income tax reserves 
   
   
 (6,449 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (6,391 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (13,676 
 ) 
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 1,351 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,652 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 719 
   
   
 0.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 615,516 
   
   
 36.6 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 603,214 
   
   
 37.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 544,732 
   
   
 36.4 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
2014 effective tax rate was an expense of 36.6%. This expense was greater than the federal statutory tax rate of 35% due primarily to the inclusion of state income taxes in the total
effective tax rate. The 2014 effective income tax rate decreased from 2013 due principally to the favorable resolution of state income tax examinations and a reduction in other state income tax
reserve increases. As in
prior years, the Company receives a significant income tax benefit related to salaries paid to certain newly hired employees that qualify for federal jobs credits (principally the Work Opportunity Tax
Credit or "WOTC"). The federal law authorizing the WOTC credit expired for employees hired after December 31, 2014. Whether these credits will be available for employees hired after
December 31, 2014 depends upon a change in the tax law that extends the expiration date of these credit provisions, the certainty and timing of which are currently unclear.  

         The
2013 effective tax rate was an expense of 37.0%. The 2013 effective income tax rate increased from 2012 due to the favorable resolution of income tax examinations during 2012 that
did not reoccur, to the same extent, in 2013. This rate increase was partially offset by the recording of an income tax benefit in 2013 associated with the expiration of the assessment period during
which the taxing authorities could have assessed additional income tax associated with the Company's 2009 tax year.  

 65 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


4. Income taxes (Continued)  

         The
2012 effective tax rate was an expense of 36.4%. This expense was greater than the federal statutory tax rate of 35% due primarily to the inclusion of state income taxes in the total
effective tax rate.  

         Deferred
taxes reflect the effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax
purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,842 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,666 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 5,146 
   
   
 9,067 
   
 
 
   Accrued rent 
   
   
 19,360 
   
   
 17,375 
   
 
 
   Accrued insurance 
   
   
 76,197 
   
   
 78,557 
   
 
 
   Accrued incentive compensation 
   
   
 14,866 
   
   
 3,385 
   
 
 
   Share based compensation 
   
   
 17,623 
   
   
 12,049 
   
 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
   
   
 4,318 
   
   
 4,921 
   
 
 
   Tax benefit of income tax and interest reserves related to uncertain tax positions 
   
   
 1,502 
   
   
 3,439 
   
 
 
   Deferred gain on sale-leaseback 
   
   
 24,385 
   
   
 26,186 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 3,463 
   
   
 3,045 
   
 
 
   State tax net operating loss carry forwards, net of federal tax 
   
   
 87 
   
   
 282 
   
 
 
   State tax credit carry forwards, net of federal tax 
   
   
 11,039 
   
   
 8,282  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 186,828 
   
   
 175,254 
   
 
 
   Less valuation allowances 
   
   
 (2,845 
 ) 
   
 (1,393 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 183,983 
   
   
 173,861  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
   
 (302,531 
 ) 
   
 (307,644 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (73,188 
 ) 
   
 (64,481 
 ) 
 
 
   Trademarks 
   
   
 (433,328 
 ) 
   
 (433,130 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (1,794 
 ) 
   
 (4,427 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (810,841 
 ) 
   
 (809,682 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 (626,858 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (635,821 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Net
deferred tax liabilities are reflected separately on the consolidated balance sheets as current and noncurrent deferred income taxes. The following table summarizes net deferred tax
liabilities as recorded in the consolidated balance sheets:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Current deferred income tax liabilities, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (25,268 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (21,795 
 ) 
 
 
   Noncurrent deferred income tax liabilities, net 
   
   
 (601,590 
 ) 
   
 (614,026 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 (626,858 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (635,821 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  66 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


4. Income taxes (Continued)  

         The
Company has state net operating loss carry forwards as of January 30, 2015 that total approximately $1.3 million which will expire in 2028. The Company also has state
tax credit carry forwards of approximately $17.0 million that will expire beginning in 2022 through 2025.  


         A
valuation allowance has been provided for state tax credit carry forwards. The 2014 increase of $1.5 million was recorded as an increase in income tax expense with the 2013 and
2012 decreases of $0.4 million and $3.1 million, respectively, recorded as reductions in income tax expense. Based upon expected future income, management believes that it is more likely
than not that the results of operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets after giving consideration to the valuation allowance.  

         The
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") has previously examined the Company's 2009 and earlier federal income tax returns. As a result, the 2009 and earlier tax years are not open for
further examination by the IRS. Due to the filing of an amended federal income tax return for the 2010 tax year, the IRS may, to a limited extent, examine the Company's 2010 income tax filings. The
IRS, at its discretion, may also choose to examine the Company's 2011 through 2014 fiscal year income tax filings. The Company has various state income tax examinations that are currently in progress.
Generally, the Company's 2010 and later tax years remain open for examination by the various state taxing authorities.  

         As
of January 30, 2015, accruals for uncertain tax benefits, interest expense related to income taxes and potential income tax penalties were $9.3 million,
$1.0 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for a total of $10.7 million. This total amount is reflected in noncurrent Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  


         As
of January 31, 2014, accruals for uncertain tax benefits, interest expense related to income taxes and potential income tax penalties were $19.6 million,
$2.4 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for a total of $22.4 million. Of this total amount, $3.6 million and $18.8 million are reflected in current liabilities
as Accrued expenses and other and in noncurrent Other liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet.  

         The
Company believes that it is reasonably possible that the reserve for uncertain tax positions may be reduced by approximately $3.0 million in the coming twelve months
principally as a result of the effective settlement of outstanding issues. Also, as of January 30, 2015, approximately $9.3 million of the uncertain tax positions would impact the
Company's effective income tax rate if the Company were to recognize the tax benefit for these positions.  

         The
amounts associated with uncertain tax positions included in income tax expense consists of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
 
 
$ 
 (9,497 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (3,915 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (16,119 
 ) 
 
 
   Income tax related interest expense (benefit) 
   
   
 (1,445 
 ) 
   
 590 
   
   
 344 
   
 
 
   Income tax related penalty expense (benefit) 
   
   
 51 
   
   
 30 
   
   
 (200 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  67 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 



 


4. Income taxes (Continued)   

 
        A reconciliation of the uncertain income tax positions from February 3, 2012 through January 30, 2015 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,583 
   
 
 
$ 
 22,237 
   
 
 
$ 
 42,018 
   
 
 
   Increases—tax positions taken in the current year 
   
   
 198 
   
   
 3,484 
   
   
 2,114 
   
 
 
   Increases—tax positions taken in prior years 
   
   
 62 
   
   
 3,000 
   
   
 1,144 
   
 
 
   Decreases—tax positions taken in prior years 
   
   
 (8,636 
 ) 
   
 (608 
 ) 
   
 (22,669 
 ) 
 
 
   Statute expirations 
   
   
 (1,121 
 ) 
   
 (7,622 
 ) 
   
 (166 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (743 
 ) 
   
 (908 
 ) 
   
 (204 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Ending balance 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,343 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,583 
   
 
 
$ 
 22,237  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


5. Current and long-term obligations   

 
        Current and long-term obligations consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Senior unsecured credit facilities, maturity April 11, 2018: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Term Facility 
   
 
 
$ 
 925,000 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,000,000 
   
 
 
   Revolving Facility 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   4 1 / 8 % Senior Notes due July 15, 2017 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 500,000 
   
 
 
   1 7 / 8 % Senior Notes due April 15, 2018 (net of discount of $294 and $383) 
   
   
 399,706 
   
   
 399,617 
   
 
 
   3 1 / 4 % Senior Notes due April 15, 2023 (net of discount of $1,991 and $2,199) 
   
   
 898,009 
   
   
 897,801 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 5,875 
   
   
 6,841 
   
 
 
   Tax increment financing due February 1, 2035 
   
   
 11,995 
   
   
 14,495  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 2,740,585 
   
   
 2,818,754 
   
 
 
   Less: current portion 
   
   
 (101,158 
 ) 
   
 (75,966 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Long-term portion 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,639,427 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,742,788  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          On
April 11, 2013, the Company consummated a refinancing pursuant to which it terminated its then-existing senior secured credit agreements, entered into a new five-year unsecured
credit agreement, and issued senior notes due in 2018 and 2023 as discussed in greater detail below. The Company's senior unsecured credit facilities (the "Facilities") consist of a senior unsecured
term loan facility (the "Term Facility"), which had an initial balance of $1.0 billion, and an $850.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility"), which
provides for the issuance of letters of credit up to $250.0 million. The Term Facility amortizes in quarterly installments of $25.0 million, which commenced August 1, 2014. The
final quarterly payment of the then-remaining balance will be due at maturity on April 11, 2018.  

         The
Company capitalized $5.9 million of debt issuance costs associated with the Facilities, the amortized balance of which is included in long-term Other assets, net in the
consolidated balance sheets. The
Company incurred a pretax loss of $18.9 million for the write off of debt issuance costs associated with the termination of its previous senior secured credit facilities, which is reflected in
Other (income) expense in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended January 31, 2014.  

 68 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


5. Current and long-term obligations (Continued)  

         Borrowings
under the Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company's option, either (a) LIBOR or (b) a base rate (which is usually
equal to the prime rate). The applicable margin for borrowings as of January 30, 2015 was 1.275% for LIBOR borrowings and 0.275% for base-rate borrowings. The Company must also pay a facility
fee on any used and unused amounts of the Facilities, as well as letter of credit fees. The applicable margins for borrowings, the facility fees and the letter of credit fees under the Facilities are
subject to adjustment each quarter based on the Company's long-term senior unsecured debt ratings. The weighted average all-in interest rate for borrowings under the Facilities was 1.46% (without
giving effect to the interest rate swaps discussed in Note 7) as of January 30, 2015.  

         The
Facilities can be prepaid in whole or in part at any time. The Facilities contain certain covenants which place limitations on the incurrence of liens; change of business; mergers or
sales of all or substantially all assets; and subsidiary indebtedness, among other limitations. The Facilities also contain financial covenants which require the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. As of January 30, 2015, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The Facilities also contain customary affirmative covenants and
events of default.  

         As
of January 30, 2015, the Company had total outstanding letters of credit of $43.6 million, $28.5 million of which were under the Revolving Facility, and borrowing
availability under the Revolving Facility was $821.5 million.  

         On
July 12, 2012, the Company issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2017 (the "2017 Senior Notes") which mature on July 15,
2017. On April 11, 2013, the Company issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.875% senior notes due 2018 (the "2018 Senior Notes"), net of discount of $0.5 million,
which mature on April 15, 2018; and issued $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 Senior Notes"), net of discount of $2.4 million,
which mature on April 15, 2023. Collectively, the 2017 Senior Notes, the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2023 Senior Notes comprise the "Senior Notes", each of which were issued pursuant to an
indenture as modified by supplemental indentures relating to each series of Senior Notes (as so supplemented, the "Senior Indenture"). The Company capitalized $10.1 million of debt issuance
costs associated with the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2023 Senior Notes. Interest on the 2017 Senior Notes is payable in cash on January 15 and July 15 of each year and commenced on
January 15, 2013. Interest on the 2018 Senior Notes and 2023 Senior Notes is payable in cash on April 15 and October 15 of each year and commenced on October 15, 2013.  


         The
Company may redeem some or all of its Senior Notes at any time at redemption prices set forth in the Senior Indenture. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event,
which is defined in the Senior Indenture, each holder of the Senior Notes has the right to require the Company to repurchase some or all of such holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal
to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date.  

         The
Senior Indenture contains covenants limiting, among other things, the ability of the Company (subject to certain exceptions) to consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all
or substantially all of the Company's assets; and the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur or guarantee indebtedness secured by liens on any shares of voting stock of significant
subsidiaries.  

 69 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


5. Current and long-term obligations (Continued)  

         The
Senior Indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on the Senior Notes to become or to
be declared due and payable.  

         On
July 15, 2012, the Company redeemed $450.7 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior subordinated notes due 2017 at a premium, resulting in a pretax loss
of $29.0 million which is reflected in Other (income) expense in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended February 1, 2013. The Company funded the redemption price for the
senior subordinated notes due 2017 with proceeds from the issuance of the 2017 Senior Notes.  

         Scheduled
debt maturities, including capital lease obligations, for the Company's fiscal years listed below are as follows (in thousands): 2015—$101,158;
2016—$101,379; 2017—$601,290; 2018—$1,025,892; 2019—$1,020; thereafter—$912,131.  

 


 


6. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value   

 
        The following table presents the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of January 30, 2015, aggregated by the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which those measurements are classified.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
for Identical 
Assets and 
Liabilities 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Balance at 
January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term obligations(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,714,094 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,870 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,731,964 
   
 
 
   Derivative financial instruments(b) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,173 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,173 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation(c) 
   
   
 22,336 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22,336 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Reflected
at book value in the consolidated balance sheet as Current portion of long-term obligations of $101,158 and Long-term obligations of $2,639,427.
 (b) Reflected
at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet as Accrued expenses and other current liabilities.
 (c) Reflected
at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet as Accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $2,070 and noncurrent Other liabilities of
$20,266.   
  
          The
carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, receivables and payables approximate their respective fair values.
The Company does not have any recurring fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of January 30, 2015.  

 


 


7. Derivative financial instruments   

 
        The Company enters into certain financial instrument positions, all of which are intended to be used to reduce risk by hedging an underlying economic exposure.  

 70 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


7. Derivative financial instruments (Continued)  

 


 


Risk management objective of using derivatives   

         The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally
manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity,
and credit risk, primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial
instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined primarily by
interest rates. The Company's derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company's known or expected cash receipts and its known or
expected cash payments principally related to the Company's borrowings.  

         In
addition, the Company is exposed to certain risks arising from uncertainties of future market values caused by the fluctuation in the prices of commodities. From time to time the
Company may enter into derivative financial instruments to protect against future price changes related to these commodity prices.  

 



 


Cash flow hedges of interest rate risk   

         The Company's objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to
interest rate changes. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow
hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying
notional amount.  

         The
effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (also
referred to as "OCI") and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the years ended January 30, 2015,
January 31, 2014, and February 1, 2013, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in
fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings.  

         As
of January 30, 2015, the Company had interest rate swaps with a combined notional value of $875 million that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk.
Amounts reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company's variable-rate debt.  


         During
the year ended January 31, 2014, the Company entered into treasury locks with a combined notional amount of $700 million that were designated as cash flow hedges of
interest rate risk on the Company's forecasted issuance of long-term debt. The issuance of the hedged long-term debt occurred on April 11, 2013 in the form of senior notes due April 15,
2023, as further discussed in Note 5, and the related settlement of the treasury locks on that date resulted in a loss of $13.2 million which was deferred to OCI. The loss is being
amortized as an increase to interest expense over the period corresponding to the debt's maturity as the Company accrues or pays interest on the hedged long-term debt. There was no ineffectiveness
recognized on these designated treasury locks.  

 71 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


7. Derivative financial instruments (Continued)  

         All
of the amounts reflected in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets for the periods presented are related to the cash flow hedges described
above.  

         During
the next 52-week period, the Company estimates that approximately $2.5 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense for its interest rate swaps and
treasury locks.  

 



 


Non-designated hedges of commodity risk   

         Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Company's exposure to commodity price risk but do
not meet strict hedge accounting
requirements. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings. As of January 30, 2015, the Company had no such non-designated
hedges.  

         The
table below presents the fair value of the Company's derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the consolidated balance sheets as of January 30, 2015
and January 31, 2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in thousands)

 

  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest rate swaps classified as noncurrent Other liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,109 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swaps classified as Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,173 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
tables below present the pre-tax effect of the Company's derivative financial instruments as reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and shareholders'
equity, as applicable:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Loss related to effective portion of derivative recognized in OCI 
   
 
 
$ 
 876 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,036 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,626 
   
 
 
   Loss related to effective portion of derivative reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Interest expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,130 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,604 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,327 
   
 
 
   Gain related to ineffective portion of derivative recognized in Other (income) expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2,392 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  


 


Credit-risk-related contingent features   

         The Company has agreements with all of its interest rate swap counterparties that provide that the Company could be declared in default
on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company's default on such indebtedness.  


         As
of January 30, 2015, the fair value of interest rate swaps in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk
related to these agreements, was $1.2 million. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at January 30, 2015, it could have been required to post full collateral or settle its
obligations under the agreements at an estimated termination value of $1.2 million. As of January 30, 2015, the Company had not breached any of these provisions or posted any collateral
related to these agreements.  

 72 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies   


 


 


Leases   

         As of January 30, 2015, the Company was committed under operating lease agreements for most of its retail stores. Many of the
Company's stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements with landlords which typically carry a primary lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options. The Company also has stores
subject to shorter-term leases and many of these leases have renewal options. Certain of the Company's leased stores have provisions for contingent rentals based upon a specified percentage of defined
sales volume.  

         The
land and buildings of the Company's DCs in Fulton, Missouri and Indianola, Mississippi are subject to operating lease agreements and the leased Ardmore, Oklahoma DC is subject to a
financing arrangement. The entities involved in the ownership structure underlying these leases meet the accounting definition of a Variable Interest Entity ("VIE"). The Company is not the primary
beneficiary of these VIEs and, accordingly, has not included these entities in its consolidated financial statements. Certain leases contain restrictive covenants that, individually, are not material
to the Company. As of January 30, 2015, the Company is not aware of any material violations of such covenants.  

         In
January 2014, the Company sold 233 store locations for cash and concurrent with the sale transaction, the Company leased the properties back for a period of 15 years. The
transaction resulted in cash proceeds of approximately $281.6 million and a deferred gain of $67.2 million which is being recognized as a reduction of rent expense over the 15-year
initial lease term of the properties.  

         In
January 1999, the Company sold its DC located in Ardmore, Oklahoma for cash and concurrent with the sale transaction, the Company leased the property back for a period of
23 years. The transaction is accounted for as a financing obligation rather than a sale as a result of, among other things, the lessor's ability to put the property back to the Company under
certain circumstances. The property and equipment, along with the related lease obligation associated with this transaction are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. In August 2007, the Company
purchased a secured promissory note (the "Ardmore Note") from an unrelated third party with a face value of $34.3 million at the date of purchase which approximated the remaining financing
obligation. The Ardmore Note represents debt issued by the third party entity from which the Company leases the Ardmore DC and therefore the Company holds the debt instrument pertaining to its lease
financing obligation. Because a legal right of offset exists, the Company is accounting for the Ardmore Note as a reduction of its outstanding financing obligation in its consolidated balance sheets.  


         Future
minimum payments as of January 30, 2015 for operating leases are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
   
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 793,274 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 751,044 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 703,892 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 648,120 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 584,508 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 3,145,663  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total minimum payments 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,626,501  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  73 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

         Total
minimum payments for capital leases as of January 30, 2015 were $7.4 million, with a present value of $5.9 million at January 30, 2015. The gross amount
of property and equipment recorded under capital
leases and financing obligations at both January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, was $29.8 million. Accumulated depreciation on property and equipment under capital leases and
financing obligations at January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, was $10.6 million and $8.7 million, respectively.  

         Rent
expense under all operating leases is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Minimum rentals(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 776,103 
   
 
 
$ 
 674,849 
   
 
 
$ 
 599,138 
   
 
 
   Contingent rentals 
   
   
 9,099 
   
   
 12,058 
   
   
 15,150  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 785,202 
   
 
 
$ 
 686,907 
   
 
 
$ 
 614,288  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Excludes
amortization of leasehold interests of $5.8 million, $11.9 million and $16.9 million included in rent expense for the years
ended January 30, 2015, January 31, 2014, and February 1, 2013, respectively.   
  
  


 


Legal proceedings   

         On August 7, 2006, a lawsuit entitled  Cynthia Richter, et al. v. Dolgencorp, Inc., et
al.  was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama (Case No. 7:06-cv-01537-LSC) ("Richter") in which the plaintiff alleges that she
and other current and former Dollar General store managers were improperly classified as exempt executive employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act ("FLSA") and seeks to recover overtime pay,
liquidated damages, and attorneys' fees and costs. On August 15, 2006, the  Richter  plaintiff filed a motion in which she asked the court to
certify a nationwide class of current and former store managers. The Company opposed the plaintiff's motion. On March 23, 2007, the court conditionally certified a nationwide class. On
December 2, 2009, notice was mailed to over 28,000 current or former Dollar General store managers. Approximately 3,950 individuals opted into the lawsuit, approximately 1,000 of whom have been
dismissed for various reasons, including failure to cooperate in discovery.  

         On
April 2, 2012, the Company moved to decertify the class. The plaintiff's response to that motion was filed on May 9, 2012.  


         On
October 22, 2012, the court entered a memorandum opinion granting the Company's decertification motion. On December 19, 2012, the court entered an order decertifying the
matter and stating that a separate order would be entered regarding the opt-in plaintiffs' rights and plaintiff Cynthia Richter's individual claims. To date, the court has not entered such an order.  

         The
parties agreed to mediate the matter, and the court informally stayed the action pending the results of the mediation. Mediations were conducted in January, April and August 2013. On
August 10, 2013, the parties reached a preliminary agreement, which was formalized and submitted to the court for approval, to resolve the matter for up to $8.5 million. On
November 24, 2014, the court entered an order approving the settlement and dismissing the action. The Company deemed the settlement probable and recorded such amount as the estimated expense in
the second quarter of 2013. The Company paid approximately $8.5 million in connection with the settlement of this matter in the fourth quarter of 2014.  

 74 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

         On
September 8, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Sally Ann Carpenter v. Dolgencorp, Inc.  was filed in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of West Virginia (Case No. 2:14-cv-25500) ("Carpenter"). The  Carpenter  plaintiff seeks to proceed on a collective
basis under the FLSA on behalf of herself and
other former and current store managers in the state of West Virginia who were allegedly improperly classified as exempt executive employees under the FLSA. The    Carpenter  plaintiff seeks to recover
overtime pay, liquidated damages, and attorneys' fees and costs.  

         The
Company filed its answer to the complaint on September 30, 2014. On February 13, 2015, the court entered a scheduling order that, among other things, requires the    Carpenter  plaintiff to
file a motion for conditional certification of her FLSA claims on or before April 24, 2015. The Company's response
is due to be filed 30 days after the  Carpenter  plaintiff files her motion for conditional certification.  


         On
October 31, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Ronda Hood v. Dollar General Corporation  was filed in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Louisiana (Case No. 2:14-cv-02512-JTM-DEK) ("Hood"). The  Hood  plaintiff seeks to proceed on a nationwide collective basis
under the FLSA on behalf of herself and other similarly situated store managers who were allegedly improperly classified as exempt executive employees under the FLSA. The    Hood  plaintiff seeks to recover
overtime pay, liquidated damages, and attorneys' fees and costs. The    Hood  plaintiff also asserts individual causes of action for alleged violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Louisiana
Human Rights Act,
the Family Medical Leave Act, and negligent infliction of emotional distress and seeks damages for those claims including back wages, compensatory damages, liquidated and/or punitive damages,
reinstatement and/or front pay, interest, and attorneys' fees and costs.  

         The
Company filed its answer to the complaint on January 16, 2015. A status conference has been scheduled for April 9, 2015, and trial is set for November 9, 2015.  

         The
Company believes that its store managers are and have been properly classified as exempt employees under the FLSA and that the    Carpenter  and  Hood  actions
are not appropriate for collective action treatment. The Company has obtained
summary judgment in some, although not all, of its pending individual or single-plaintiff store manager exemption cases in which it has filed such a motion.  

         At
this time, it is not possible to predict whether the  Carpenter  or  Hood  matter
ultimately will be permitted to proceed collectively, and no assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in its defense of either action on the merits or otherwise. Similarly, at this
time the Company cannot estimate either the size of any potential class or the value of the claims asserted if either of these actions was to proceed. For these reasons, the Company is unable to
estimate any potential loss or range of loss in either matter; however, if the Company is not successful in its defense efforts, the resolution of    Carpenter  or  Hood  could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements as a whole.  

         On
April 9, 2012, the Company was served with a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia entitled  Jonathan
Marcum, et al. v. Dolgencorp. Inc.  (Civil Action No. 3:12-cv-00108-JRS) ("Marcum") in which the plaintiffs, one of whose conditional offer of employment was
rescinded, allege that certain of the Company's background check procedures violate the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). Plaintiff Marcum also alleges defamation. According to the
complaint and subsequently filed first and second amended complaints, the plaintiffs seek to represent a putative class of applicants in connection with their FCRA claims. The Company responded to the  

 75 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 complaint
and each of the amended complaints. The plaintiffs' certification motion was due to be filed on or before April 5, 2013; however, plaintiffs asked the court to stay all deadlines in
light of the parties' ongoing settlement discussions (as more fully described below). On November 12, 2013, the court entered an order lifting the stay but has not issued a new scheduling order
in light of the parties' preliminary agreement to resolve the matter.  

         The
parties have engaged in formal settlement discussions on three occasions, once in January 2013 with a private mediator, and again in March 2013 and July 2013 with a federal
magistrate. On February 18, 2014, the parties reached a preliminary agreement to resolve the matter for up to $4.08 million.  


         On
October 16, 2014, the court entered an order preliminarily approving the parties' proposed settlement. On March 4, 2015, the court entered an order approving the
settlement and dismissing the matter with prejudice.  

         The
Company's Employment Practices Liability Insurance ("EPLI") carrier was placed on notice of this matter and participated in both the formal and informal settlement discussions. The
EPLI policy covering this matter has a $2 million self-insured retention. Because the Company believed that it was likely to expend the balance of its self-insured retention in settlement of
this litigation or otherwise, it accrued $1.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, an amount that is immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial statements as a whole.  


         In
September 2011, the Chicago Regional Office of the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC" or "Commission") notified the Company of a cause finding related to
the Company's criminal background check policy. The cause finding alleges that the Company's criminal background check policy, which excludes from employment individuals with certain criminal
convictions for specified periods, has a disparate impact on African-American candidates and employees in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended ("Title VII").  

         The
Company and the EEOC engaged in the statutorily required conciliation process, and despite the Company's good faith efforts to resolve the matter, the Commission notified the Company
on July 26, 2012 of its view that conciliation had failed.  

         On
June 11, 2013, the EEOC filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois entitled  Equal Opportunity Commission
v. Dolgencorp, LLC d/b/a Dollar General  (Case No. 1:13-cv-04307) in which the Commission alleges that the Company's criminal background check policy has a
disparate impact on "Black Applicants" in violation of Title VII and seeks to recover monetary damages and injunctive relief on behalf of a class of "Black Applicants." The Company filed its answer to
the complaint on August 9, 2013.  

         On
January 29, 2014, the court entered an order, which, among other things, bifurcates the issues of liability and damages during discovery and at trial. On September 3,
2014, the court modified the scheduling order and ordered the parties to complete fact discovery related to liability by May 15, 2015. A status conference is scheduled for April 7, 2015.  

         On
July 29, 2014, the court entered an order compelling the Company to produce certain documents, information, and electronic data for the period 2004 to present.  


         The
Company believes that its criminal background check process is both lawful and necessary to a safe environment for its employees and customers and the protection of its assets and
shareholders'  

 76 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 investments.
The Company also does not believe that this matter is amenable to class or similar treatment. However, at this time, it is not possible to predict whether the action will ultimately be
permitted to proceed as a class or in a similar fashion or the size of any putative class. Likewise, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the value of the claims asserted, and, therefore, the
Company cannot estimate the potential exposure or range of potential loss. If the matter were to proceed successfully as a class or similar action or the Company is unsuccessful in its defense efforts
as to the merits of the action, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements as a whole.  

         On
May 23, 2013, a lawsuit entitled  Juan Varela v. Dolgen California and Does 1 through 50  (Case No. RIC 1306158) ("Varela") was
filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Riverside in which the plaintiff alleges that he and other "key carriers" were not provided with meal and rest periods in
violation of California law and seeks to recover alleged unpaid wages, injunctive relief, consequential damages, pre-judgment interest, statutory penalties and attorneys' fees and costs. The    Varela 
plaintiff seeks to represent a putative class of California "key carriers" as to these claims. The
 Varela  plaintiff also asserts a claim for unfair business practices and seeks to proceed under California's Private Attorney General Act ("PAGA").  

         The
Company removed the action to the United States District Court for the Central District of California (Case No. 5:13-cv-01172VAP-SP) on July 1, 2013, and filed its
answer to the complaint on July 1, 2013. On July 30, 2013, the plaintiff moved to remand the action to state court.  

         On
September 13, 2013, notwithstanding the Company's opposition, the court granted plaintiff's motion and remanded the case. The Company filed a petition for permission to appeal
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on September 23, 2013. On February 27, 2015, the Ninth Circuit denied the Company's petition for permission to appeal. Because
the Company anticipated the denial, the Company filed a petition for coordination of the  Main  and  Varela 
matters on April 28, 2014.  

         Following
the Company's petition for coordination, the  Main  plaintiff agreed to dismiss her complaint without prejudice, and the parties
agreed that the  Varela  plaintiff would file an amended complaint to include the allegations asserted in the original    Main  complaint. On November 4,
2014, pursuant to a stipulation granted by the  Varela  court, the
 Varela  plaintiff filed an amended complaint to add Victoria Lee Dinger Main as a named plaintiff and add the allegations set forth in the original    Main 
action that include claims for alleged inaccurate wage statements and failure to provide appropriate pay upon termination. The Company filed its
answer to the amended complaint on December 23, 2014. A status conference is scheduled for April 24, 2015.  

         On
June 6, 2013, a lawsuit entitled  Victoria Lee Dinger Main v. Dolgen California, LLC and Does 1 through 100  (Case
No. 34-2013-00146129) ("Main") was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Sacramento. The  Main  plaintiff
alleges that she and other "key holders" were not provided with meal and rest periods, accurate wage statements and appropriate pay upon termination in violation of California wage and hour laws and
seeks to recover alleged unpaid wages, declaratory relief, restitution, statutory penalties and attorneys' fees and costs. The  Main  plaintiff seeks to
represent a putative class of California "key holders" as to these claims. The  Main  plaintiff also asserts a claim for unfair business practices and
seeks to proceed under the PAGA.  

         The
Company removed this action to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California (Case No. 2:13-cv-01637-MCE-KJN) on August 7, 2013, and filed its
answer to the complaint on August 6, 2013. On August 29, 2013, the plaintiff moved to remand the action to state court. The  

 77 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 Company
opposed the motion. On October 28, 2013, the court granted plaintiff's motion and remanded the case. The Company filed a petition for permission to appeal to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on November 7, 2013. The plaintiff filed its opposition brief on November 15, 2013. The Ninth Circuit denied the petition for permission to appeal on
April 10, 2014.  

         In
light of the parties' agreement to coordinate and consolidate the  Main  and  Varela 
matters, the  Main  plaintiff filed a request for dismissal without prejudice with the court on December 9, 2014. On December 10, 2014, the
court entered an order dismissing the  Main  matter without prejudice.  

         On
July 22, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Oscar Avila v. Dolgen California, LLC and Does 1 through 50  (Case
No. S-1500-CV-282549) ("Avila") was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Kern. The  Avila  plaintiff alleges
that he and other "key holders" were not provided with meal and rest periods, accurate wage statements and appropriate pay upon termination in violation of California wage and hour laws and seeks to
recover alleged unpaid wages, declaratory relief, restitution, pre- and post- judgment interest, statutory penalties and attorneys' fees and costs. The    Avila  plaintiff seeks to represent a putative
class of California "key holders" as to these claims. The    Avila  plaintiff also asserts a claim for unfair business practices.  


         The
parties have resolved this matter for an amount that is not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements as a whole.  

         On
November 26, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Kendra Pleasant v. Dollar General Corporation, Dolgencorp, LLC and Does 1 through
50  (Case No. CIVDS1417709 (" Pleasant ") was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of San
Bernardino. The  Pleasant  plaintiff alleges that she and other non-exempt employees were not paid for all time worked, reimbursed for necessary business
related expenses, provided rest and meal breaks, and provided accurate wage statements in violation of California wage and hour laws. The  Pleasant 
plaintiff seeks to recover alleged unpaid wages, restitution, interest, statutory penalties, unspecified damages, and attorneys' fees and costs. The    Pleasant  plaintiff also asserts a claim for unfair
business practices.  

         On
December 31, 2014, the Company removed this matter to the United States District Court for the Central District of California (Case No. 5:14-cv-02645-JGB-KK). On
January 14, 2015, the Company moved the court to compel arbitration and dismiss the plaintiff's class claims. The  Pleasant  plaintiff filed her
response to the motion to compel arbitration on February 2, 2015. The Company filed its reply on February 9, 2015.  

         On
February 18, 2015, the court granted the Company's motion to compel arbitration and dismissed the  Pleasant  complaint with
prejudice.  

         After
the Company filed its motion to compel arbitration, the  Pleasant  plaintiff filed a separate complaint in the Superior Court of the
State of California for the County of San Bernardino styled  Kendra Pleasant v. Dollar General Corporation, Dolgen California, LLC, and Does 1 through
50  (Case No. CIVDS1500651) (" Pleasant II ") in which the plaintiff seeks to proceed under the PAGA for various alleged violations
of California's Labor Code. Plaintiff alleges that she and other similarly situated non-exempt California store-level employees were not paid for all time worked, provided meal and rest
breaks, reimbursed for necessary work related expenses, and provided with accurate wage statements. Plaintiff seeks to recover unpaid wages, civil and statutory penalties, interest, attorneys' fees
and costs. On March 12, 2015, the Company filed a demurrer asking the court to abate all proceedings in the  Pleasant II  matter pending an
issuance of a final judgment in the  Varela  matter.  

 78 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

         On
February 20, 2015, a lawsuit entitled  Julie Sullivan v. Dolgen California and Does 1 through 100  (Case No. RG 15759417)
(" Sullivan ") was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda in which the plaintiff alleges that she and other
similarly situated Dollar General Market Store Managers in the State of California were improperly classified as exempt employees and were not provided with meal and rest breaks and accurate wage
statements in violation of California law. The  Sullivan  plaintiff also alleges that she and other California store employees were not provided with
printed wage statements in violation of California law. Plaintiff seeks to recover unpaid wages (including overtime pay), civil and statutory penalties, interest, injunctive relief, restitution, and
attorneys' fees and costs. On March 2, 2015, Sullivan served notice to the Labor and Workforce Development agency that she intends to proceed under the PAGA. The Company's response to the    Sullivan 
complaint is due to be filed with the court on or before April 9, 2015.  


         The
Company believes that its policies and practices comply with California law and that the  Varela, Pleasant II , and    Sullivan  actions are not appropriate for
class or similar treatment. The Company intends to vigorously defend these actions; however, at this time, it
is not possible to predict whether the  Varela, Pleasant II , or  Sullivan  action ultimately will be
permitted to proceed as a class, and no assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in its defense of these actions on the merits or otherwise. Similarly, at this time the Company
cannot estimate either the size of any potential class or the value of the claims asserted in the  Varela ,  Pleasant
II , or  Sullivan  action. For these reasons, the Company is unable to estimate any potential loss or range of loss in these
matters; however, if the Company is not successful in its defense efforts, the resolution of any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements as a whole.  

         On
July 2, 2013, a lawsuit entitled  Rachel Buttry and Jennifer Peters v. Dollar General Corp.  (Case No. 3:13-cv-00652)
("Buttry") was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. The  Buttry  plaintiffs seek to proceed on a nationwide
collective basis under the FLSA and as a statewide class under Tennessee law on behalf of non-exempt store employees who allegedly were not properly paid for certain breaks. The    Buttry  plaintiffs seek
back wages (including overtime), injunctive and declaratory relief, liquidated damages, compensatory and economic damages,
"consequential" and "incidental" damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, and attorneys' fees and costs.  

         The
Company filed its answer on August 7, 2013. The plaintiffs filed their motion for conditional certification of their FLSA claims on December 5, 2013, to which the
Company responded on
February 3, 2014. On April 4, 2014, the court denied plaintiffs' certification motion. Plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration or in the alternative for permission to seek
interlocutory appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit on April 18, 2014. The court denied the plaintiffs' motion on April 24, 2014.  

         The
plaintiffs subsequently petitioned the Sixth Circuit for a writ of mandamus and asked the district court to stay all deadlines in the underlying proceeding pending the Sixth
Circuit's ruling on the writ. On October 23, 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied plaintiff's petition for writ of mandamus.  

         The
parties have reached a preliminary agreement, which must be submitted to and approved by the court, to resolve this matter for an amount not material to the Company's consolidated
financial statements as a whole. At this time, although probable, it is not certain that the court will approve the settlement. However, even if the court does not approve the settlement on its
current terms, the  

 79 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 Company
does not expect the resolution of the  Buttry  matter to have a material adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements as a
whole.  

         On
March 19, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Danielle Harsey v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (Case No. 5:14-cv-00168-WTH-PRL) ("Harsey")
was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. The  Harsey  plaintiff seeks to proceed on a nationwide collective basis
under the FLSA and as a statewide class under the Florida Minimum Wage Act on behalf of all similarly situated non-exempt store employees who allegedly were not paid for all hours worked. The    Harsey 
plaintiff seeks back wages (including overtime), liquidated damages, pre- and post-judgment interest, injunctive relief, and attorneys' fees and
costs. The Company filed its answer on May 7, 2014.  

         On
August 19, 2014, the court entered a scheduling order, which among other things, requires plaintiff to file motions for class certification of her statewide claims and
conditional certification of her claims under the FLSA on or before January 7, 2015. The plaintiff did not seek conditional or class certification with respect to either her FLSA or state law
claims.  

         The
parties have reached a preliminary agreement, which must be submitted to and approved by the court, to resolve this matter for an amount not material to the Company's consolidated
financial statements as a whole. At this time, although probable, it is not certain that the court will approve the settlement. However, even if the court does not approve the settlement on its
current terms, the
Company does not expect the resolution of the  Harsey  matter to have a material adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements as a
whole.  

         On
July 14, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Leslie Vincino v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (Case No. 2014-CA-517) ("Vincino") was filed
in the Circuit Court, Eighth Judicial Circuit, for Levy County, Florida. The  Vincino  plaintiff seeks to proceed on a nationwide collective basis under
the FLSA on behalf of all similarly situated non-exempt store employees who allegedly were not paid for all hours worked. The  Vincino  plaintiff seeks
back wages (including overtime), liquidated damages, pre-judgment interest, and attorneys' fees and costs. The  Vincino  plaintiff also asserts individual
claims for violation of the Florida Civil Rights Act for alleged discrimination based on alleged unidentified disabilities. For the claims asserted under the Florida Civil Rights Act, the    Vincino 
plaintiff seeks compensatory damages, back wages, front pay, punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs. On August 11, 2014, the Company
removed this matter to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida (Case No. 1:14-cv-142-RS-GRJ). The Company filed its answer on August 18, 2014.  

         On
September 25, 2014, the court entered a scheduling order which requires plaintiff to file her motion for conditional class certification of her claims under the FLSA on or
before February 23, 2015. On January 12, 2015, the plaintiff notified the court that she did not intend to seek conditional certification of her FLSA claims. Plaintiff's individual
claims under the FLSA and Florida Civil Rights Act remain pending. The Company intends to vigorously defend this action and does not expect its ultimate resolution to have a material adverse impact on
the Company's consolidated financial statements as a whole.  

         On
September 8, 2014, a lawsuit entitled  Joyce Riley v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (Case No. 2:14-cv-25505)
(" Riley ") was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia. The    Riley  plaintiff seeks to proceed on a collective
basis under the FLSA on behalf of all similarly situated non-exempt store employees in the state of
West Virginia who allegedly were not paid for certain breaks. The  Riley  plaintiff seeks back wages (including overtime), liquidated damages, and
attorneys' fees and costs.  

 80 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)   

         The
Company filed its answer to the complaint on September 30, 2014. On February 13, 2015, the court entered a scheduling order that, among other things, requires the    Riley  plaintiff to
file a motion for conditional certification of her FLSA claims on or before May 8, 2015. The Company's response is due
30 days after the  Riley  plaintiff files her motion for conditional certification.  

         The
Company believes that its wage and hour policies and practices comply with both the FLSA and state law and that the  Riley  action is
not appropriate for collective or class treatment. The Company intends to vigorously defend this action; however, at this time, it is not possible to predict whether the    Riley  action ultimately will be
permitted to proceed collectively or as a class, and no assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in
its defense of this action on the merits or otherwise. Similarly, at this time the Company cannot estimate either the size of any potential class or the value of the claims asserted in the    Riley  action.
For these reasons, the Company is unable to estimate any potential loss or range of loss in this matter; however, if the Company is not
successful in its defense efforts, the resolution of the  Riley  action could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements as a whole.  

         On
May 20, 2011, a lawsuit entitled  Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc., et al. v. Dolgencorp, LLC  was filed in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Case No. 9:11-cv-80601-DMM) ("Winn-Dixie") in which the plaintiffs allege that the sale of food and other items in approximately 55 of the
Company's stores, each of which allegedly is or was at some time co-located in a shopping center with one of plaintiffs' stores, violates restrictive covenants that plaintiffs contend are binding on
the occupants of the shopping centers. Plaintiffs sought damages and an injunction limiting the sale of food and other items in those stores. Although plaintiffs did not make a demand for any specific
amount of damages, documents prepared and produced by plaintiffs during discovery suggested that plaintiffs would seek as much as $47 million although the court limited their ability to prove
such damages. The case was consolidated with similar cases against Big Lots and Dollar Tree. The court issued an order on August 10, 2012 in which it (i) dismissed all claims for
damages, (ii) dismissed claims for injunctive relief for all but four stores, and (iii) directed the Company to report to the court on its compliance with restrictive covenants at the
four stores for which it did not dismiss the claims for injunctive relief. The
Company believes that compliance with the August 2012 ruling will have no material adverse effect on the Company or its consolidated financial statements.  

         On
August 28, 2012, the  Winn-Dixie  plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh
Circuit (Docket No. 12-14527-B). Oral argument was conducted on January 16, 2014, and the appellate court rendered its decision on March 5, 2014, affirming in part and reversing
in part the trial court's decision. Specifically, the appellate court affirmed the trial court's dismissal of plaintiffs' claim for monetary damages but reversed the trial court's decision denying
injunctive relief as to thirteen additional stores and remanded for further proceedings. On March 26, 2014, the plaintiffs moved the appellate court for rehearing. That motion was denied on
May 2, 2014. Subsequently, plaintiff filed a motion with the trial court on remand to dismiss stores not located in Florida from the case without prejudice, which the court denied on
September 29, 2014. Further, the parties have, as directed by the trial court, submitted briefs in an effort to clarify the issues to be resolved on remand. On November 19, 2014, the
court issued an order (i) permitting the parties to conduct additional discovery regarding the scope of the restrictive covenants at issue in light of the Eleventh Circuit's decision, and
(ii) scheduling a bench trial to resolve any outstanding issues on the court's April 20, 2015 docket. On February 10, 2015, Winn-Dixie filed a motion for summary judgment,  

 81 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 and
the Company filed a motion for summary judgment regarding the stores located outside of Florida. The court has not yet ruled on either motion.  

         At
this time, the Company is unable to predict whether the trial court will enter an injunction as to any of the additional stores at issue; however, the Company does not believe that
such an injunction, even if entered as to each remaining additional store at issue, would have a material adverse effect on the Company or its consolidated financial statements as a whole.  


         The
Company also is unable to predict whether the plaintiffs will seek further appellate review of the trial court's dismissal of plaintiffs' claim for damages. If plaintiffs were to
obtain further appellate review, and the Company were unsuccessful in its defense of such appeal, the outcome could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements as
a whole.  

         From
time to time, the Company is a party to various other legal actions involving claims incidental to the conduct of its business, including actions by employees, consumers, suppliers,
government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation, including without limitation under federal and state
employment laws and wage and hour laws. The Company believes, based upon information currently available, that such other litigation and claims, both individually and in the aggregate, will be
resolved without a material adverse effect on the Company's financial statements as a whole. However, litigation involves an element of uncertainty.
Future developments could cause these actions or claims to have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. In addition, certain of these
lawsuits, if decided adversely to the Company or settled by the Company, may result in liability material to the Company's financial position or may negatively affect operating results if changes to
the Company's business operation are required.  

 


 


9. Benefit plans   

 
        The Dollar General Corporation 401(k) Savings and Retirement Plan, which became effective on January 1, 1998, is a safe harbor defined contribution plan and is subject to the
Employee Retirement and Income Security Act ("ERISA").  

         A
participant's right to claim a distribution of his or her account balance is dependent on the plan, ERISA guidelines and Internal Revenue Service regulations. All active participants
are fully vested in all contributions to the 401(k) plan. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company expensed approximately $13.7 million, $13.0 million and $11.9 million,
respectively, for matching contributions.  

         The
Company also has a nonqualified supplemental retirement plan ("SERP") and compensation deferral plan ("CDP"), known as the Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan, for a select
group of management and other key employees. The Company incurred compensation expense for these plans of approximately $0.8 million, $1.2 million and $1.4 million in 2014, 2013
and 2012, respectively.  

         The
CDP/SERP Plan assets are invested in accounts selected by the Company's Compensation Committee or its delegate. These investments are classified as trading securities and the
associated deferred compensation liability is reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as further discussed in Note 6.  

 82 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10. Share-based payments   

 
        The Company accounts for share-based payments in accordance with applicable accounting standards, under which the fair value of each award is separately estimated and amortized into
compensation expense over the service period. The fair value of the Company's stock option grants are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model. Forfeitures are
estimated at the time of valuation and reduce expense ratably over the vesting period. The application of this valuation model involves assumptions that are judgmental and highly sensitive in the
determination of compensation expense.  

         On
July 6, 2007, the Company's Board of Directors adopted the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees, which plan was subsequently amended (as so amended, the "Plan"). The
Plan allows the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, and other stock-based awards or dividend equivalent rights to key employees, directors, consultants or other persons having a
service relationship with the Company, its subsidiaries and certain of its affiliates. The number of shares of Company common stock authorized for grant under the Plan is 31,142,858. As of
January 30, 2015, 19,025,398 of such shares are available for future grants.  

         Since
May 2011, most of share-based awards issued by the Company have been in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units. The Company has also granted
a performance-based restricted stock award discussed in greater detail below. Stock options granted to employees and board members generally vest ratably on an annual basis over a four-year and
three-year period, respectively. Restricted stock units generally vest ratably over a three-year period. Performance share units generally vest ratably over a three-year period, provided that certain
minimum performance criteria are met in the year of grant. With limited exceptions, the performance share unit
and restricted stock unit awards are automatically converted into shares of common stock on the vesting date.  

         From
July 2007 through May 2011, a significant majority of the Company's share-based awards were stock options that vest solely upon the continued employment of the recipient ("MSA Time
Options") and options that vest upon the achievement of predetermined annual or cumulative financial-based targets ("MSA Performance Options"). MSA Time Options and MSA Performance Options generally
vest ratably on an annual basis over a period of approximately five years, with limited exceptions.  

         Both
the MSA Time Options and the MSA Performance Options are subject to various provisions set forth in a management stockholder's agreement ("MSA") entered into with each option
holder. The MSA contains certain put and call rights and other provisions pertaining to both the option holder and the Company which may, in certain scenarios, affect the holder's ability to sell or
realize market value for these instruments and any shares acquired thereunder. Vesting of the MSA Performance Options is contingent upon meeting specified annual or cumulative financial targets. The
MSA Time Options and MSA Performance Options have a contractual term of 10 years and an exercise price equal to the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant.  

 83 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10. Share-based payments (Continued)  

         The
weighted average for key assumptions used in determining the fair value of all stock options granted in the years ended January 30, 2015, January 31, 2014, and
February 1, 2013, and a summary of the methodology applied to develop each assumption, are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Expected dividend yield 
   
   
 0 
 % 
   
 0 
 % 
   
 0 
 % 
 
 
   Expected stock price volatility 
   
   
 25.6 
 % 
   
 26.2 
 % 
   
 26.8 
 % 
 
 
   Weighted average risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 1.9 
 % 
   
 1.2 
 % 
   
 1.5 
 % 
 
 
   Expected term of options (years) 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 6.3 
   
 
 
 
  
          Expected
dividend yield—This is an estimate of the expected dividend yield on the Company's stock. An increase in the dividend yield will decrease compensation expense.  

         Expected
stock price volatility—This is a measure of the amount by which the price of the Company's common stock has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. Since November
2011, the expected volatilities for awards have been based on the historical volatility of the Company's publicly traded common stock. An increase in the expected volatility will increase compensation
expense.  

         Weighted
average risk-free interest rate—This is the U.S. Treasury rate for the week of the grant having a term approximating the expected life of the option. An increase in
the risk-free interest rate will increase compensation expense.  

         Expected
term of options—This is the period of time over which the options granted are expected to remain outstanding. The Company has estimated the expected term as the
mid-point
between the vesting date and the contractual term of the option. An increase in the expected term will increase compensation expense.  


         A
summary of the Company's stock option activity, exclusive of options subject to an MSA, during the year ended January 30, 2015 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Options 
Issued  
   
 Average 
Exercise Price  
   
 Remaining 
Contractual 
Term in Years  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 1,840,542 
   
 

 
$ 
 45.26 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 898,817 
   
   
 58.03 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (159,205 
 ) 
   
 44.52 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (181,030 
 ) 
   
 50.55 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 2,399,124 
   
 
 
$ 
 49.69 
   
   
 8.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 41,661  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable at January 30, 2015 
   
   
 633,841 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.43 
   
   
 7.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,613  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
weighted average grant date fair value of non-MSA options was $17.26, $13.86 and $13.54 during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The intrinsic value of non-MSA options exercised
during 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $2.5 million, $0.8 million and $0.3 million, respectively.  

 84 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10. Share-based payments (Continued)  

         The
number of performance share unit awards earned is based upon the Company's annual financial performance in the year of grant as specified in the award agreement. A summary of
performance share unit award activity during the year ended January 30, 2015 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Units 
Issued  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 159,419 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 143,048 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Converted to common stock 
   
   
 (68,187 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (21,697 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 212,583 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,256  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
weighted average grant date fair value of performance share units granted was $57.91, $48.11 and $45.25 during 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  


         A
summary of restricted stock unit award activity during the year ended January 30, 2015 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Units 
Issued  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 616,527 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 420,035 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Converted to common stock 
   
   
 (230,907 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (90,797 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 714,858 
   
 
 
$ 
 47,938  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted was $57.87, $48.20 and $45.33 during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  


         A
summary of MSA Time Options activity during the year ended January 30, 2015 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Options 
Issued  
   
 Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Remaining 
Contractual 
Term in Years  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 464,563 
   
 

 
$ 
 18.15 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (154,866 
 ) 
   
 14.95 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (10,853 
 ) 
   
 20.39 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 298,844 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.74 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,142  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable at January 30, 2015 
   
   
 286,848 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.30 
   
   
 4.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,700  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
intrinsic value of MSA Time Options exercised during 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $6.8 million, $39.4 million and $117.3 million, respectively.  

 85 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 



 


10. Share-based payments (Continued)  

         A
summary of MSA Performance Options activity during the year ended January 30, 2015 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Options 
Issued  
   
 Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Remaining 
Contractual 
Term in Years  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 376,309 
   
 

 
$ 
 19.68 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (118,287 
 ) 
   
 17.18 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (10,151 
 ) 
   
 21.47 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 247,871 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.79 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,468  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable at January 30, 2015 
   
   
 246,251 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.73 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,409  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
intrinsic value of MSA Performance Options exercised during 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $4.9 million, $39.1 million and $106.4 million, respectively.  

         In
March 2012, the Company issued a performance-based award of 326,037 shares of restricted stock to its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This restricted stock award had a fair
value on the grant date of $45.25 per share, with one-half of the award scheduled to vest in 2014 and the remainder in
2015, contingent upon, among other things, meeting certain specified earnings per share targets in those years. The target for 2014 was met and the applicable shares vested.  

         At
January 30, 2015, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based awards was $55.2 million with an expected weighted average expense
recognition period of 1.4 years.  


         The
fair value method of accounting for share-based awards resulted in share-based compensation expense (a component of SG&A expenses) and a corresponding reduction in net income before
income taxes as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Stock 
Options  
   
 Performance 
Share Units  
   
 Restricted 
Stock Units  
   
 Restricted 
Stock  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Year ended January 30, 2015 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Pre-tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,533 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,461 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,968 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,376 
   
 
 
$ 
 37,338 
   
 
 
   Net of tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,206 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,332 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,742 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,500 
   
 
 
$ 
 22,780 
   
 
 
   Year ended January 31, 2014 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Pre-tax 
   
 

 
$ 
 7,634 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,448 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,879 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,961 
   
 
 
   Net of tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,649 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,100 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,016 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 12,765 
   
 
 
   Year ended February 1, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Pre-tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,078 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,082 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,504 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 21,664 
   
 
 
   Net of tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,487 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,135 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,200 
   
 
 
 
  
  86 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


11. Segment reporting   

 
        The Company manages its business on the basis of one operating segment. See Note 1 for a brief description of the Company's business. As of January 30, 2015, all of the
Company's operations were located within the United States with the exception of a Hong Kong subsidiary, and a liaison office in India, which collectively are not material to the consolidated
financial statements. The following net sales data is presented in accordance with accounting standards related to disclosures about segments of an enterprise.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Classes of similar products: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Consumables 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,321,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,161,825 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,844,846 
   
 
 
   Seasonal 
   
   
 2,344,993 
   
   
 2,259,516 
   
   
 2,172,399 
   
 
 
   Home products 
   
   
 1,205,373 
   
   
 1,115,648 
   
   
 1,061,573 
   
 
 
   Apparel 
   
   
 1,038,142 
   
   
 967,178 
   
   
 943,310  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net sales 
   
 

 
$ 
 18,909,588 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504,167 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,022,128  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


12. Common stock transactions   

 
        On August 29, 2012, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program, which was increased on March 19, 2013 and again on December 4,
2013. As of January 30, 2015, a total of $2.0 billion had been authorized under the program and $223.4 million remained available for repurchase. The share repurchase program was
further increased on March 10, 2015 as
discussed in Note 13. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date and allows repurchases from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and
number of shares purchased depends on a variety of factors, such as price, market conditions, compliance with the covenants and restrictions under our debt agreements and other factors. Repurchases
under the program may be funded from available cash or borrowings under the Company's credit facilities discussed in further detail in Note 5.  

         During
the years ended January 30, 2015, January 31, 2014, and February 1, 2013, the Company repurchased approximately 14.1 million shares of its common stock
at a total cost of $800.1 million, approximately 11.0 million shares at a total cost of $620.1 million, and approximately 14.4 million shares of its common stock at a total
cost of $671.4 million, respectively, pursuant to its common stock repurchase programs.  

 


 


13. Subsequent events   

 
        On March 10, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a $1.0 billion increase in the common stock repurchase program discussed in Note 12, increasing the
total remaining share repurchase authorization to approximately $1.2 billion. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date and has terms and conditions consistent with those discussed in
Note 12.  

         Also
on March 10, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders. A cash dividend of $0.22 per share will be paid on April 22,
2015 to shareholders of record on April 8, 2015. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to the Board's discretion and will depend upon, among other things, the Company's results of
operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant.  

 87 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


14. Quarterly financial data (unaudited)   

 
        The following is selected unaudited quarterly financial data for the fiscal years ended January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014. Each quarterly period listed below was a
13-week accounting period. The sum of the four quarters for any given year may not equal annual totals due to rounding.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   2014: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,522,081 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,724,039 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,724,409 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,939,059 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,357,746 
   
   
 1,455,574 
   
   
 1,423,748 
   
   
 1,565,439 
   
 
 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 379,708 
   
   
 428,526 
   
   
 394,143 
   
   
 566,716 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 222,398 
   
   
 251,260 
   
   
 236,316 
   
   
 355,371 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.72 
   
   
 0.83 
   
   
 0.78 
   
   
 1.17 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.72 
   
   
 0.83 
   
   
 0.78 
   
   
 1.17 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   2013: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,233,733 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,394,651 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,381,838 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,493,945 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,295,148 
   
   
 1,377,290 
   
   
 1,328,493 
   
   
 1,434,811 
   
 
 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 395,000 
   
   
 412,822 
   
   
 390,241 
   
   
 538,122 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 220,083 
   
   
 245,475 
   
   
 237,385 
   
   
 322,173 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.67 
   
   
 0.76 
   
   
 0.74 
   
   
 1.01 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.67 
   
   
 0.75 
   
   
 0.74 
   
   
 1.01 
   
 
 
 
  
          In
the third and fourth quarters of 2014, the Company incurred expenses related to an attempted acquisition of $8.2 million ($7.4 million net of tax, or $0.02 per diluted
share) and $6.1 million ($1.3 million net of tax, or $0.00 per diluted share), respectively, which were recognized as Selling, general and administrative expenses.  

         As
discussed in Note 5, in the first quarter of 2013, the Company terminated its senior secured credit facilities, resulting in a pretax loss of $18.9 million
($11.5 million net of tax, or $0.04 per diluted share) which was recognized as Other (income) expense.  

         As
discussed in Note 8, in the second quarter of 2013, the Company recorded expenses associated with an agreement to settle a legal matter, resulting in a pretax loss of
$8.5 million ($5.2 million net of tax, or $0.02 per diluted share) which was recognized as Selling, general and administrative expense.  

 88 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

   
       ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          


         Not applicable.   

   
       ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          

          (a)    Disclosure Controls and Procedures.     Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  

          (b)    Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     Our management prepared and is
responsible for the
consolidated financial statements and all related financial information contained in this report. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.  

         To
comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management designed and implemented a structured and comprehensive assessment process to evaluate
the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Such assessment was based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated
Framework  (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control
over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management regularly monitors our internal control over financial reporting, and actions are
taken to correct any deficiencies as they are identified. Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of January 30,
2015.  

         Ernst &
Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report on management's
assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. Such attestation report is contained below.  

 89 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

          (c)    Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.      

   
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Dollar General Corporation  

         We
have audited Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Dollar General Corporation and
subsidiaries' management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  


         In
our opinion, Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2015, based
on the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Dollar General Corporation and
subsidiaries as of January 30, 2015 and January 31, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended January 30, 2015 of Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries and our report dated March 20, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 
  Nashville, Tennessee 
March 20, 2015 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  90 

 
 
 
   

          (d)    Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     There have been no changes during the quarter ended
January 30, 2015 in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.   

   
       ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION          

         None.  

 91 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 
   
   
   PART III          

   
       ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          


         (a)    Information Regarding Directors and Executive Officers.     The information required by this Item 10
regarding our directors and
director nominees is contained under the captions "Who are the nominees this year," "What are the backgrounds of this year's nominees," "Are there any familial relationships between any of the
nominees," "How are directors identified and nominated," and "What particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills led the Board of Directors to conclude that each nominee should serve as
a director of Dollar General," all under the heading "Proposal 1: Election of Directors" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
May 27, 2015 (the "2015 Proxy Statement"), which information under such captions is incorporated herein by reference. Information required by this Item 10 regarding our executive
officers is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant," which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.  

          (b)    Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.     Information required by this Item 10 regarding
compliance with
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is contained under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information under such
caption is incorporated herein by reference.  

         (c)    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.     We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to
all of our employees,
officers and Board members. This Code is posted on the Investor Information section of our Internet website at www.dollargeneral.com. If we choose to no longer post such Code, we will provide a free
copy to any person upon written request to Dollar General Corporation, c/o Investor Relations Department, 100 Mission Ridge, Goodlettsville, TN 37072. We intend to provide any required disclosure of
an amendment to or waiver from the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or
persons performing similar functions, on our Internet website located at www.dollargeneral.com promptly following the amendment or waiver. We may elect to disclose any such amendment or waiver in a
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC either in addition to or in lieu of the website disclosure. The information contained on or connected to our Internet website is not incorporated by
reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC.  

          (d)    Procedures for Shareholders to Nominate Directors.     There have been no material changes to the procedures by
which security holders
may recommend nominees to the registrant's Board of Directors.  


         (e)    Audit Committee Information.     Information required by this Item 10 regarding our audit committee and our
audit committee
financial experts is contained under the captions "Corporate Governance—Does the Board have standing Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees" and "—Does Dollar General
have an audit committee financial expert serving on its Audit Committee" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information under such captions is incorporated herein by reference.  

   
       ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          

         The information required by this Item 11 regarding director and executive officer compensation, the Compensation Committee
Report, the risks arising from our compensation policies and practices for employees, and compensation committee interlocks and insider participation is contained under the captions "Director
Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information under such captions is incorporated herein by reference.  

 92 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          

          (a)    Equity Compensation Plan Information.     The following table sets forth information about securities authorized
for issuance under our
compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) as of January 30, 2015:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Plan category


 

  
   
 Number of securities 
to be issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
(a)  
   
 Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
(b)  
   
 Number of 
securities remaining 
available for future 
issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected 
in column (a)) 
(c)  
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(1) 
   
   
 3,873,280 
   
 
 
$ 
 44.22 
   
   
 19,025,398 
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total(1) 
   
   
 3,873,280 
   
 
 
$ 
 44.22 
   
   
 19,025,398  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Column
(a) consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and upon vesting and payment of share units under the
Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Share units are settled for shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis and have no exercise price. Accordingly, those units have been excluded for
purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price in column (b). Column (c) consists of shares reserved for issuance pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan,
whether in the form of stock, restricted stock, share units, or other share-based awards or upon the exercise of an option or right.   
  
           (b)    Other Information.     The information required by this Item 12 regarding security ownership of certain
beneficial owners and our management is contained under the caption "Security Ownership" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.  


   
       ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          

         The information required by this Item 13 regarding certain relationships and related transactions is contained under the caption
"Transactions with Management and Others" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.  


         The
information required by this Item 13 regarding director independence is contained under the caption "Director Independence" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information
under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          

         The information required by this Item 14 regarding fees we paid to our principal accountant and the pre-approval policies and
procedures established by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is contained under the caption "Fees Paid to Auditors" in the 2015 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is
incorporated herein by reference.  

 93 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   PART IV          

   
       ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

 
 
 (a) Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

 
 
 (b) All
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions, are
inapplicable or the information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and, therefore, have been omitted.
 (c) Exhibits:    See
Exhibit Index immediately following the signature pages hereto, which Exhibit Index is incorporated by reference as if fully set
forth herein.  
 
 94 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   SIGNATURES          

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
  DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION 
 
 
  Date: March 20, 2015 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ RICHARD W. DREILING 


 

    Richard W. Dreiling,   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
          We,
the undersigned directors and officers of the registrant, hereby severally constitute Richard W. Dreiling and David M. Tehle, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys
with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
   
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 /s/ RICHARD W. DREILING 


 

    RICHARD W. DREILING 
   
 Chairman & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ DAVID M. TEHLE 


 

    DAVID M. TEHLE 
   
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ WARREN F. BRYANT 


 

    WARREN F. BRYANT 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL M. CALBERT 


 

    MICHAEL M. CALBERT 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ SANDRA B. COCHRAN 


 

    SANDRA B. COCHRAN 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ PATRICIA FILI-KRUSHEL 


 

    PATRICIA FILI-KRUSHEL 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 
  
  95 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
   
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 /s/ PAULA A. PRICE 


 

    PAULA A. PRICE 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III 



 

    WILLIAM C. RHODES, III 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 /s/ DAVID B. RICKARD 



 

    DAVID B. RICKARD 
   
 Director 
   
   
 March 20, 2015 
   
 
 
 
  
  96 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Charter of Dollar General Corporation (complete copy as amended for SEC filing purposes only) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 3, 2013, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 3.2 
   
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Dollar General Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 2009, filed with the SEC
on November 18, 2009 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 4.1 
   
 Form of Stock Certificate for Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-161464)) 
 
 
   
 4.2 
   
 Form of 4.125% Senior Notes due 2017 (included in Exhibit 4.4) 
 
 
   
 4.3 
   
 Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar General Corporation's
Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2012, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2012 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 4.4 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012, among Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2012, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2012 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 4.5 
   
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar
General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 8, 2013 and filed with the SEC on April 11, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 4.6 
   
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Dollar
General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 8, 2013 and filed with the SEC on April 11, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 4.7 
   
 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2013, among Dollar General Corporation, as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other credit parties and lenders party thereto (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 8, 2013 and filed with the SEC on April 11, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 10.1 
   
 Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of Dollar General Corporation and its Affiliates (effective June 1, 2012) (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Dollar General
Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 5, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.2 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement between Dollar General Corporation and certain officers of Dollar General Corporation granting stock options pursuant to the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
 
  
  97 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.3 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved May 24, 2011) for awards made prior to December 2014 to certain newly hired and promoted employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated
2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 29, 2011, filed with the SEC on June 1, 2011 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.4 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved March 20, 2012) for annual awards beginning March 20, 2012 and prior to March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended
and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))
* 
 
 
   
 10.5 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved August 26, 2014) for annual awards beginning March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive
Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))
* 
 
 
   
 10.6 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved August 26, 2014) for awards beginning December 2014 to certain newly hired and promoted employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated
2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.7 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved March 20, 2012) for annual awards prior to March 2014 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.8 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved March 18, 2014) for annual awards beginning March 2014 and prior to March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended
and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 2, 2014, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.9 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved August 26, 2014) for annual awards beginning March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.10 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved March 20, 2012) for annual awards made prior to March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007
Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
 
  
  98 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.11 
   
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated March 20, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.12 
   
 Waiver of Certain Limitations Set Forth in Option Agreements Pertaining to Options Previously Granted under the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, effective August 26, 2010 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 30, 2010, filed with the SEC on August 31, 2010 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.13 
   
 Waiver of Transfer Restrictions dated February 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2013, filed with the SEC
on February 5, 2013 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.14 
   
 Form of Management Stockholder's Agreement among Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P. and certain officers of Dollar General Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar
General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
 10.15 
   
 Amendment to Management Stockholder's Agreement among Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P. and key employees of Dollar General Corporation (July 2007 grant group), effective November 18, 2009
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2009, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2009 (file no. 001-11421))
* 
 
 
   
 10.16 
   
 Amendment to Management Stockholder's Agreement among Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P. and key employees of Dollar General Corporation (post-July 2007 grant group), effective November 18, 2009
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2009, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2009 (file no. 001-11421))
* 
 
 
   
 10.17 
   
 Second Amendment to Management Stockholder's Agreements, effective June 3, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended April 30, 2010, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2010 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.18 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards prior to May 24, 2011 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-161464)) 
 
 
   
 10.19 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved May 24, 2011) for awards prior to May 29, 2014 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 29, 2011, filed with the SEC on June 1, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))
 
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved May 28, 2014) for awards beginning May 29, 2014 and prior to February 2015 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the
Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 2, 2014, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014
(file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
 
  
  99 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.21 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved December 3, 2014) for awards beginning February 2015 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for awards to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16
to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-161464)) 
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
 Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on
Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
 First Amendment to the Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
 Second Amendment to the Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007), dated as of June 3, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Dollar
General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 1, 2008, filed with the SEC on September 3, 2008 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (approved December 3, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 10.27 
   
 Amended and Restated Dollar General Corporation Annual Incentive Plan (effective June 1, 2012) (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Dollar General Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement filed
with the SEC on April 5, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.28 
   
 Dollar General Corporation 2014 Teamshare Bonus Program for Named Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended May 2, 2014, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.29 
   
 Summary of Dollar General Corporation Life Insurance Program as Applicable to Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended February 2, 2007, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2007) (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.30 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Domestic Relocation Policy for Officers (effective prior to March 18, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.31 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Executive Relocation Policy (effective March 18, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended May 2, 2014, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
 
  
  100 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.32 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Executive Relocation Policy, as amended (effective July 16, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended August 1, 2014, filed with the SEC on August 28, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.33 
   
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation effective January 31, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 10.34 
   
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective April 23, 2010, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Dollar General Corporation's
Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2010, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2010 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.35 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2014, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.36 
   
 Limited Waiver of Certain Tax and Tax Gross-Up Rights, effective January 1, 2013, by Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2013, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2013 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.37 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
 10.38 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated April 23, 2010, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated April 23, 2010, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2010 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.39 
   
 Management Stockholder's Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2008, among Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P. and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Dollar
General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
 10.40 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective April 1, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation and David M. Tehle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K
dated April 16, 2012, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.41 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2014, between Dollar General Corporation and David M. Tehle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.42 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective December 1, 2011, between Dollar General Corporation and Todd J. Vasos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on December 5, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
 
  
  101 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.43 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2014, between Dollar General Corporation and Todd J. Vasos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.44 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated December 4, 2013 and effective as of November 4, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation and Todd J. Vasos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar
General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated November 4, 2013, filed with the SEC on December 6, 2013 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.45 
   
 Management Stockholder's Agreement, dated December 19, 2008, among Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P., and Todd J. Vasos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Dollar General
Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2009, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2009 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.46 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective November 1, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation and David W. D'Arezzo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.47 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective March 24, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 3, 2013, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2013 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.48 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2014, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.49 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.50 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2009, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.51 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2010, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.52 
   
 Management Stockholder's Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P., and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Dollar
General Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.53 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective March 24, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 3, 2013, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2013 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
 
  
  102 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.54 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2014, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.55 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.56 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.57 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2010, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.58 
   
 Management Stockholder's Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2008, among Dollar General Corporation, Buck Holdings, L.P., and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to Dollar
General Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.59 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective March 19, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation and Gregory A. Sparks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 4, 2012, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 10.60 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective April 1, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation and Susan S. Lanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated April 16, 2012, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 12 
   
 Calculation of Fixed Charge Ratio 
 
 
   
 21 
   
 List of Subsidiaries of Dollar General Corporation 
 
 
   
 23 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 
   
 24 
   
 Powers of Attorney (included as part of the signature pages hereto) 
 
 
   
 31 
   
 Certifications of CEO and CFO under Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 
   
 32 
   
 Certifications of CEO and CFO under 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 
   
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
   
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
   
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
   
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 
   
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
   
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Management
Contract or Compensatory Plan   
  
  103 

 
 
 
 
 
 QuickLinks 
 INTRODUCTION 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (In thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 
 
 
 
 
