
 10-K
 1
 s102606_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

   

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

   

 FORM 10-K 

   

 
 
     x 
     
         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
   

 For the fiscal year ended December 26, 2015 

   

 or 

   

 
 
     ¨ 
     
         TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
        OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
   

 For the transition period from _______ to
_______ 

   

 Commission file number 0-31983 

   

 GARMIN
LTD. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

   

 

   

 
 
     
         Switzerland 
         (State or other jurisdiction 
         of incorporation or organization) 
     
         98-0229227 
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
       
       
 
     
         Mühlentalstrasse
        2 
         8200 Schaffhausen 
         Switzerland  
         (Address of principal
        executive offices) 
     
           
         N/A 
         (Zip Code) 
           
 
   

 Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code:  +41 52 630 1600 

   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

   

 
 
     Registered Shares, CHF 10.00 Per Share Par Value 
       
     NASDAQ Global Select Market 
 
     (Title of each class) 
       
     (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 
   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  None 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES  þ 
NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES  ¨     NO
 þ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES  þ 
NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  þ 
NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  þ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

   

 
 
     Large Accelerated Filer   þ 
     Accelerated Filer  ¨ 
 
       
       
 
     Non-accelerated Filer  ¨ 
     Smaller reporting company  ¨ 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES
 ¨     NO
 þ 

   

 Aggregate market value of the common shares
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 27, 2015 (based on the closing price of the registrant's common shares on the
Nasdaq Stock Market for that date) was $5,634,428,735. 

   

 Number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s
common shares as of February 12, 2016: 

 Registered Shares, CHF 10.00 par value –
208,077,418 (including treasury shares) 

 Documents incorporated by reference: 

 Portions of the following document are incorporated herein by
reference into Part III of the Form 10-K as indicated: 

   

 
 
     Document 
     
         Part of Form 10-K into  
         which Incorporated 
 
     Company's Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 26, 2015. 
     Part III 
 
   


 
       
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. 

   

 2015 Form 10-K Annual Report 

   

 Table of Contents 

   

 
 
       
     Cautionary Statement With Respect To Forward-Looking Comments 
     3 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     Part I 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
     3 
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     17 
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     29 
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties 
     29 
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     30 
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     34 
 
       
     Executive Officers of the Registrant 
     35 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     Part II 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     36 
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     37 
 
     Item 7. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of  Operations 
     39 
 
     Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     54 
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     56 
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial  Disclosure 
     90 
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     90 
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     92 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     Part III 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     93 
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     94 
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     94 
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     95 
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     95 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     Part IV 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     96 
 
       
     Signatures 
     103 
 
   


 
       
       
     

   

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO
FORWARD-LOOKING COMMENTS 

   

 The discussions set
forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain statements concerning potential future events. Such forward-looking statements
are based upon assumptions by the Company's management, as of the date of this Annual Report, including assumptions about risks
and uncertainties faced by the Company. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements orally or in other writings,
including, but not limited to, in press releases, in the annual report to shareholders and in the Company’s other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs as
“expects,” “anticipates,” “believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. Forward-looking
statements include any discussion of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.” Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their date. If any of management's assumptions
prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, the Company's actual results could materially differ from those anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including,
but not limited to, those factors identified under Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Readers are strongly encouraged to consider
those factors when evaluating any forward-looking statements concerning the Company. The Company does not undertake to update any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report to reflect future events or developments. 

   

 Part I 

   

 Item
1.	Business 

   

 This discussion of the business of Garmin Ltd. ("Garmin" or the "Company") should
be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” under Item 7 herein and the information set forth in response to Item 101 of Regulation S-K in
such Item 7 is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 1. Garmin has identified five reportable segments
for external reporting purposes: Auto, Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness. There are two operating segments (Auto PND and Auto
OEM) that are not reported separately but are aggregated within the Auto reportable segment. Each operating segment is individually
reviewed and evaluated by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who allocates resources and assesses performance of each segment
individually. The segment and geographic information included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,”
under Note 8 is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 1. 

   

 Garmin was incorporated
in Switzerland on February 9, 2010 as successor to Garmin Ltd., a Cayman Islands company (“Garmin Cayman”). Garmin
Cayman was incorporated on July 24, 2000 as a holding company for Garmin Corporation, a Taiwan corporation, in order to facilitate
a public offering of Garmin Cayman shares in the United States. On June 27, 2010, Garmin became the ultimate parent holding company
of the Garmin group of companies pursuant to a share exchange transaction effected for the purpose of changing the place of incorporation
of the ultimate parent holding company of the Garmin group from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland (the “Redomestication”).
Pursuant to the Redomestication, all issued and outstanding Garmin Cayman common shares were transferred to Garmin and each common
share, par value U.S. $0.005 per share, of Garmin Cayman was exchanged for one registered share, par value 10 Swiss francs (CHF)
per share, of Garmin. Garmin owns, directly or indirectly, all of the operating companies in the Garmin group. 

   

 Garmin’s annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statement and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by
Garmin’s directors and executive officers and all amendments to those reports will be made available free of charge through
the Investor Relations section of Garmin’s website (http://www.garmin.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material
is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains
an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

   


 
       3   
       
     

   

 The reference to Garmin’s
website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on this website, and such information
should not be considered part of this report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Company Overview  

   

 For over 25 years,
Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries (together, the “Company”) has pioneered new Global Positioning System (GPS) navigation
and wireless devices and applications that are designed for people who live an active lifestyle. Garmin serves five primary business
units, including auto, aviation, fitness, marine, and outdoor. Garmin designs, develops, manufactures, markets and distributes
a diverse family of hand-held, wearable, portable and fixed-mount GPS-enabled products and other navigation, communications, sensor-based
and information products. Since the inception of its business, Garmin has delivered over 157 million products, which includes the
delivery of more than 16 million products during 2015. 

   

 Overview of the Global Positioning System  

   

 The Global Positioning
System is a worldwide navigation system which enables the precise determination of geographic location using established satellite
technology. The system consists of numerous constellations of orbiting satellites. Access to the systems is provided free of charge. 

   

 Garmin utilizes a variety
of global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) including, but not limited to: 

 
 · The satellites and their ground control
and monitoring stations maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense, which maintains an ongoing satellite
replenishment program to ensure continuous global system coverage.  

 
 · Japan’s MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation
System (MSAS) which achieved initial operating capability for enroute, terminal and approach navigation for aviation on September
27, 2007. 

 
 · The European Geostationary Navigation
Overlay Service (EGNOS) aviation Safety of Life (SoL) service which achieved initial operating capability for enroute, terminal,
and approach navigation on March 2, 2011. 

 
 · The Global Navigation Satellite System
(GLONASS), a space-based satellite navigation system operated by the Russian Federation, consisting of 24 satellites and providing
world-wide coverage. In certain urban canyon or restricted sky visibility situations, the use of both GPS and GLONASS satellites
to produce a navigation fix may result in improved accuracy. 

   

 The accuracy and utility
of GPS can be enhanced through augmentation techniques which compute any remaining errors in the signal and broadcast these corrections
to a GPS device. The Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) has developed a Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) comprising
ground reference stations and additional satellites that improve the accuracy of GPS positioning available in the United States
and most of Canada and Mexico to approximately 3 meters. WAAS supports the use of GPS as the primary means of enroute, terminal
and approach navigation for aviation in the United States. The increased accuracy offered by WAAS also enhances the utility of
WAAS-enabled GPS receivers for consumer applications. 

   

 Products  

   

 Garmin offers a broad range of solutions
across its reportable segments as outlined below. In general,   Garmin believes that its products are known for their value,
high performance, ease of use, innovation, and ergonomics.  

   

 Auto 

   

 Garmin offers a broad range of auto navigation
products, as well as a variety of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market.  Garmin currently offers to
consumers around the world: 

   


 
       4   
       
     

   

 Personal
Navigation Devices (PND) –  

    

 PNDs combine a full-featured GPS
navigator (with built-in maps) with Garmin’s uniquely simple user interface.  PNDs are sold under the nüvi®,
zūmo®, dēzl™, RV and fleet product lines.  The zūmo series offers motorcycle-specific features.
RV series offers features specific to the RV enthusiast. The dēzl series offers over-the-road trucking features while the
fleet series delivers an integrated tracking and dispatch fleet system.  Across the expansive product portfolio, Garmin offers
features such as large screens, integrated traffic receivers for traffic avoidance (including some models with lifetime traffic
updates), bundled lifetime map updates, spoken street names, voice activated navigation, speed limit indication, lane assist with
PhotoReal junction views - thousands of high quality photos of actual upcoming junctions, Bluetooth hands-free capability,
DashCams/Passenger Cams, driver awareness alerts, and backup cameras.  In fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the nüvi
class of products represented approximately 22%, 27%, and 34% of Garmin’s total consolidated revenues, respectively. 

 

   

 Infotainment
Solutions –  

   

 In addition to PNDs, Garmin has
many relationships with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) providing infotainment solutions ranging from portable solutions
utilizing an integrated mount within the vehicle to software navigation solutions to fully embedded systems offering a broad range
of functionality. 

   

 Mobile
Applications –  

   

 Garmin offers mobile applications
under the StreetPilot® and NAVIGON® product names.  The applications are offered across a broad range of smartphones
and tablets including iOS, Android and Windows enabled devices.  These applications provide users turn-by-turn, voice-prompted
directions and other advanced Garmin navigation features. 

   

 Outdoor 

   

 Garmin
offers a broad range of products designed for use in outdoor activities .  Garmin currently
offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Outdoor
Handhelds –  

   

 Outdoor handhelds range from basic waypoints navigation capabilities to advanced color touchscreen devices
offering barometric altimeter, 3-axis compass, camera, microSD™ card slot for optional customized maps, Bluetooth for smartphone
connectivity, and other features. Outdoor handhelds are sold under the Oregon®, Rino®, Montana®, Monterra®, eTrex®,
and GPSMAP® product lines. Each series of products is designed to serve various price points and niche activity categories.
The Rino series of handhelds additionally offers two-way Family Radio Service (FRS) and General Mobile Radio Service (GMRS) that
integrate two-way voice communications. The Monterra is  Garmin’s
first Wi-Fi enabled, Android-based outdoor handheld GPS. 

    

 Wearable
Devices –  

   

 Garmin offers GPS ruggedized smartwatches for outdoor activity. The f ēnix ® 
3 provides advanced multisport features for hiking, climbing, skiing, running, cycling, and swimming. The epix ® 
provides advanced multisport features, comprehensive mapping, navigation and tracking functionalities, as well as trip information,
such as heading, elevation and weather changes. The tactix ®  adds additional features inspired
by the requirements of law enforcement and police special operations. 

    


 
       5   
       
     

   

 Golf
Devices –  

   

 The Approach® series of golf-focused devices includes both handhelds and wrist-worn products with
over 40,000 preloaded worldwide golf courses. The offerings range from basic display of yardages to the front, back and middle
of greens to advanced, touchscreen devices providing measurement of individual shot distances and display of the slope-adjusted
yardage to fairways, hazards and greens. A statistic-tracking feature allows users to track and analyze their golf statistics through
Garmin Connect™. Some devices include swing metrics, which gives audible tones to fine-tune swing tempo, an internal compass
which provides directional assistance to the pin on blind shots, manual pin positioning, which allows users to tap and drag the
flag on the green for precise yardage to the flag, and the ability to display emails, text messages and alerts. 

   

 Dog Tracking
and Training/Pet Obedience Devices –  

   

 Garmin offers a series of dog-focused
products providing a range of functionality including GPS-enabled dog tracking, electronic dog training, and electronic bark correction.
The products are offered under the Astro®, Alpha®, PRO, Sport PRO ™ ,
BarkLimiter™ and Delta® product lines. The Astro series can pinpoint multiple dogs’ positions at one time through
all-weather collars and a handheld system, which features many of our outdoor capabilities including: barometric altimeter, electronic
compass, microSD slot, area calculator and a waterproof exterior. Alpha combines the tracking capabilities of Astro with electronic
dog training.   The BarkLimiter is an intuitive electronic bark correction device. The Delta and PRO
series of training collars offers a remote training device with integrated bark limiting capability for consumer and professional
dog training markets.    

   

 Action
Cameras –  

   

 Garmin offers VIRB® X and VIRB® XE action cameras with digital image stabilization, lens distortion
correction, and the ability to take high quality still photographs while the video camera is recording. VIRB X and VIRB XE offer
built-in Wi-Fi, data sensors and a high-sensitivity GPS receiver to add speed, elevation, G-force, heart rate, and other data onto
video through our VIRB Edit application. A SATM waterproof case allows images to be captured above and below the water without
the need for additional hardware. 

   

 Fitness 

   

 Garmin
offers a broad range of products designed for use in fitness and activity tracking .  Garmin
currently offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Running/Multi-Sport Watches –
 

   

 The Forerunner® series offers compact, lightweight training watches for athletes with integrated GPS
sensor that provide time, speed, distance, pace and other data. Some models also offer a heart rate monitoring function and heart-rate
based calorie computation. In 2015, Garmin added the Forerunner 235 with Garmin Elevate ™ ,
providing a wrist-based heart rate monitoring solution designed by Garmin. All models allow runners to upload their data to Garmin
Connect ™ , where they can store, analyze and share their workout data. Additional advanced
features include: Virtual Racer™, which allows runners to race against their previous best times, recovery advisor, race
predictor and VO2 max estimate. The Forerunner 9x0XT series is designed specifically for triathletes. These all-in-one GPS-enabled
devices provide detailed swim metrics and track distance, speed/pace, elevation and heart rate for running and cycling. 

   


 
       6   
       
     

   

 Cycling
Computers –  

   

 The Edge® series measures speed, distance, time, calories burned, climb and descent, and altitude
offering an integrated personal training system designed for cyclists. In addition, Garmin offers devices geared toward performance-driven
cyclists offering real-time connectivity through a smartphone, providing live tracking, social media sharing and real-time weather
updates. 

   

 Cycling
Power Meter – 

   

 Garmin offers Vector ™ ,
which is a high-precision pedal-based power meter designed specifically for cyclists. It provides power data to ANT+® compatible
devices. Some models also measure and present right and left leg power balance. 

   

 

 Cycling
Safety and Awareness – 



 

   

 Garmin offers the Varia ™ 
product line focused on cycling safety and awareness. Varia bike radar alerts cyclists when vehicles are approaching from behind
and Varia bike lights make the cyclist more visible when out on the road. Varia Vision ™ 
is a heads up display that makes data available to the cyclist in their line of sight, so they don’t need to always look
down at their Edge product while they are moving. 

   

 Activity
Tracking Devices –  

   

 Garmin offers numerous devices to address the growing activity tracking market. The vívofit®
 fitness bands provide a personalized daily goal, track progress and remind users when it’s time
to move. The devices feature a curved display that show steps, goal countdown, calories, distance, time of day and heart rate when
paired with a monitor. The  vívosmart® and vívosmart® HR bands provide the same functions as the vívofit
but also include smart notifications and a vibration alert. The vívosmart HR also incorporates Garmin Elevate. vívoactive®
is a smartwatch focused on the active lifestyle consumer with all the basic activity tracking features along with applications
designed for running, cycling and swimming and includes connectivity to the Connect IQ™ application store for further customizations
and capabilities. 

   

 Garmin
Connect and Garmin Connect Mobile – 

   

 Garmin
Connect™ and Garmin Connect ™
 Mobile are web and mobile platforms where users
can track and analyze their fitness and wellness data. In addition, users can share their accomplishments, create training groups,
and get feedback and encouragement from the Connect community. 

   


 
       7   
       
     

   

 Marine
 

   

 Garmin offers a broad
range of products designed for use in the recreational marine industry. Garmin currently offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Chartplotters
and Multi-Function Displays (MFDs) – 

   

 Garmin
offers numerous chartplotters/MFDs under the GPSMAP® and echoMAP™ product lines. The offerings range from 4-inch portable
and fix-mounted products to 19-inch fully-integrated Glass Helm offerings. Cartography options range from US coastal and inland
lake mapping to worldwide basemaps to highly detailed BlueChart® g2 Visio® to LakeV ü
HD Ultra charts offering auto-guidance, 3-D chart views and aerial reference photos. BlueChart g2 Visio and LakeVü HD Ultra
include Garmin’s most detailed lake cartography created based on surveys by Garmin’s fleet of high tech boats. 
Additional advanced features and connectivity available include smartphone applications that wirelessly send weather data to your
plotter and remotely access your helm electronics. Additionally, some models have the CHIRP sonar function fully integrated to
reduce system cost.   Our chartplotters
also support “plug-and-play” access to onboard sensors and Garmin accessories with NMEA 2000 and Garmin Marine Network
connectivity (the Garmin Marine Network is a system that combines GPS, radar, SiriusXM WX Satellite Weather, sonar, and other
components).   

   

 Fishfinders
–  

   

 Garmin offers a new advanced line of fishfinders, the Striker™ series, which incorporate GPS technology.
These fishfinders are available in screen sizes from 4 to 7 inches and are paired with our latest technology sonar transducers
to provide the clearest sonar pictures on the water. DownV ü
sonar is offered on the 4-, 5- and 7-inch models which provides high resolution images of what is below the boat. The 7-inch model
also offers a SideVü option which provides similar high resolution images but reaches much further out on either side of the
boat making the search for fish more efficient. The GPS technology enables anglers to mark their best fishing spots and then easily
return to them next weekend, next month, or next year. An additional bonus with GPS on board is that Striker can provide very accurate
speed data which boaters will enjoy.  

   

 Sounders
–  

   

 Garmin offers “black-box” sounders and “smart transducers” which interface with
Garmin MFDs to enhance their utility by providing the depth sounder and fish finder functions in a remote mounted package. The
black boxes provide CHIRP, DownV ü, and SideVü
sonar similar to our integrated sonar plotters, but can be mounted in a more convenient location away from the helm. Additionally,
we offer up to 3kW transmit power with our black box line-up which will reach deeper depths for ocean use. Our newest smart transducer
line is Panoptix ™ . It uses new technology to provide detailed images that can be seen
real-time (LiveVü). Panoptix also offers 3D sonar views to give a good perspective of the landscape underneath the water.
The RealVü 3D and 3D historical views are available in thru-hull and transom mount versions of our Panoptix DownVü product.
Another feature of Panoptix is the LiveVü and RealVü 3D real-time presentation of what is out in front of your vessel. 

   

 Autopilot Systems – 

   

 Garmin offers full-featured marine
autopilot systems designed for sailboats and powerboats. The systems incorporate such features as: Garmin’s patented Shadow
Drive™ technology, which automatically disengages the autopilot if the helm is turned, remote steering and speed control,
and integration with the Volvo Penta IPS steering and propulsion system. Garmin has also introduced steer-by-wire autopilot capabilities
for various steering systems. 

   


 
       8   
       
     

   

 Radar
– 

 Garmin offers both radomes and
open array radar products with compatibility to any network-compatible Garmin chartplotter. When paired with our newer MFDs, the
radars support dual-range mode so users can operate the radar in two ranges independently. The Garmin radar solutions range from
18 inches to 6 feet antennas and from 4kW up to 25kW with a maximum range of 96 nautical miles. 

   

 Instruments
–  

   

 Garmin
offers NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compliant instrument displays that show data from multiple remote sensors on one screen. Mariners
can display instrument data such as depth, speed through the water, water temperature, fuel flow rate, engine data, fuel level,
wind direction and more, depending upon the specific sensors connected. Garmin instruments range from 4 to 7 inches and include
10-inch mast mounted displays for maximum visibility around the vessel. 

   

 VHF
Communication Radios – 

   

 Garmin
provides marine radios with differing feature sets for the radio needs of all types of mariners. The  entry-level
radio is NMEA 0183 compatible, while the premium radio is designed for 35+ foot boats, is NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compatible,
offers multi-station support, and monitors all AIS channels at the same time.  

   

 Handhelds
and Wrist-worn Devices –  

   

 Garmin offers a m arine-friendly
GPS handheld featuring a 3-axis tilt-compensated electronic compass, wireless data transfer between compatible units and preloaded
cartography for the coastal United States. Also offered for mariners is the  quatix®,
Garmin’s first GPS watch designed for mariners, combining marine features and navigation and sailing capabilities while
integrating Garmin’s GPS technology and interface. 

   

 Sailing
 – 

   

 Garmin has integrated
many basic and advanced sailing features into our MFD and instrument systems. These features include enhanced wind rose, pre-race
guidance, synchronized race timer, virtual starting line, time to burn and lay line data fields. 

   

 Entertainment
–  

   

 Garmin’s entertainment brand, Fusion ®,
consists of marine audio head units, speakers and amplifiers. These products are designed specifically for the marine environment
and support many connectivity options for integrating with MFDs and smartphones on your boat for the best user experience on the
market.  

   

 Aviation 

   

 Garmin’s aviation
product line includes GPS-enabled navigation, VHF communications transmitters/receivers, multi-function displays, electronic flight
instrumentation systems (EFIS), automatic flight control systems, traffic advisory systems and traffic collision avoidance systems,
terrain awareness and warning systems, instrument landing system (ILS) receivers, weather radar, surveillance products, audio
panels, cockpit datalink systems and more. The list below includes a sampling of some of the aviation capabilities currently offered
by Garmin: 

   


 
       9   
       
     

   

 Integrated
Avionics Systems/Flight Decks –  

   

 Garmin offers a range of integrated glass avionics from the G3X™ for the experimental and light-sport
aircraft market to the G5000® for business jet, military and commercial applications. Basic capabilities integrated include:
navigation, communication, attitude, weather, terrain, traffic, surveillance and engine information on large high-resolution color
displays. More advanced features include: Garmin’s 3-D synthetic vision technology (SVT™), weather, Garmin’s
electronic stability and protection system (ESP™), electronic flight charts and touchscreen controls, which utilize patent
pending infrared touchscreen technology, audio and visual feedback, and animation to help pilots know exactly how the system is
responding to their input. 

   

 Garmin offers similar integrated glass avionics for the helicopter market through the G500H, G1000H®
and G5000H®.  Basic and advanced capabilities are
similar to those offered to the aircraft market. The helicopter offerings have been optimized for rotorcraft and offer features
like helicopter synthetic vision technology (HSVT™), helicopter-specific databases with over 7,000 heliports and nearly 30,000
additional low-altitude obstacles, SiriusXM Satellite Weather with NEXRAD, and the ability to display video from a forward looking
infrared (FLIR) camera or other video sources.  

   

 Garmin also offers all-glass integrated avionics to the retrofit market through the G500, G600, G950®,
G1000® and G5000®. These solutions provide electronic flight displays that work with separate Garmin avionics to provide
essential information such as attitude, air data, weather,  terrain
and traffic. In addition, upgraded systems also allow for the display and control of such data as altitude preselects and vertical
speed, DME distance, analog radar altitude, and analog navigation data . 

   

 Panel-mount
aviation products – 

   

 GPS/Navigation/Communication
Solutions –  

   

 Garmin provides certified GPS navigation receivers, traditional VHF navigation receivers, instrument landing
systems receivers and VHF communication transmitters/receivers. Features available in different GNC®, GTR™, GNS™
and GTN™ series models include 4-color map graphics, GPS, communication and navigation capabilities,  touchscreen
operation, graphical flight planning with Victor high-altitude and RNAV airways, remote transponder, remote audio control, SafeTaxi®
and electronic chart capabilities. Helicopter Terrain Awareness and Warning System (HTAWS) 
is an option providing graphical and audible alerts of potential terrain and obstacle conflicts along the flight path.  

   

 Traffic Solutions – 

   

 Garmin offers traffic avoidance
products combining active and passive surveillance data to pinpoint specific  traffic threats. These
capabilities are part of our GTS™ series of systems. The systems use Garmin’s patent-pending CLEAR CAS™ technology
and correlate automatic dependent surveillance broadcast (ADS-B) with radar targets.   The offerings
include solutions for the range of light through transport category aircraft and helicopters.  

   


 
       10   
       
     

   

 Audio Solutions –  

   

 The GMA™ series are audio panels ranging from offerings with basic capabilities for the recreational
pilot to advanced capabilities including  voice
recognition, 3D spatial audio processing, advanced auto squelch, ambient noise based volume adjustment  and
independent pilot/co-pilot communications capabilities.  

   

 Transponder Solutions –  

   

 Garmin provides a range of transponder
solutions in the GTX™ series. The FAA-certified transponders transmit surveillance parameters to air traffic control radar
systems or other aircraft’s air traffic avoidance devices. Newer transponders offer data link capability, including local
air traffic information at FAA radar sites equipped with Traffic Information Service (TIS) and ADS-B compliance for the Next Generation
airspace system, via transmission of traffic surveillance data such as aircraft flight ID, position, altitude, velocity, climb/descent,
and heading information. Garmin offers solutions for the range of light through transport aircraft and helicopters. 

   

 UAT-Based ADS-B Solutions –
 

   

 Garmin offers a range of FAA certified
UAT-based ADS-B products within the GDL® series. Configurations include products with and without mandate meeting internal
WAAS receivers and configurations which offer diversity (dual) antenna transmit/receive capability. The range of capabilities
across this line include the base ADS-B out transmit function, plus ADS-B in receive for FIS-B weather, TIS-B uplink and multilink
(1090MHz and 978MHz) air-to-air reception. Furthermore some of these products provide traffic correlation with other onboard traffic
systems such as TCAS to provide a single hybrid traffic feed to the display devices. 

   

 Weather Solutions –  

   

 Weather capabilities are delivered within our GDL®, GSR™ and GWX™ series. The solutions
range from offering SiriusXM satellite data link weather information (subscription required) to the aircraft via display devices
from Garmin and tablets  to on-demand global weather information,
text/voice communications and position tracking through the Iridium satellite network (subscription required). Available in the
GWX™ series is real-time airborne weather radar including magnetron-based and solid state weather radar solutions. Solid
state products include additional features such as Doppler-enhanced ground-clutter suppression and turbulence detection. 

   

 Portable
and Wearable Solutions –  

   

 Garmin offers the aera® series and GPSMAP® 695/696 as portable avionics solutions. The aera series
c ombines an aviation portable with a full-featured automotive
GPS. These touchscreen products come with a complement of aviation databases including navigation, SafeTaxi®, FliteCharts®,
airport directory and terrain/obstacles for heightened situational awareness. Advanced features include: a digital document viewer,
a scratch pad, pre-loaded geo-referenced charts, and SiriusXM radio and weather (subscription required). The aera 79x and GPSMAP
69x series offers detailed electronic charts, airways and IFR map mode. Complementing the portable display products and the Garmin
Pilot™ tablet application is the GDL® 39 which provides a remote GPS receiver plus ADS-B in information for traffic and
weather. Garmin announced D2™ Bravo in July 2015, which is a premium watch designed specifically for aviators. 

   


 
       11   
       
     

   

 Mobile
Application –  

   

 Garmin Pilot™ is a premium
flight planning, flight plan filing, and pre-flight weather application for display on iOS and Android-based mobile devices. It
provides access to comprehensive global weather data, as available per region, that generally includes radar, weather report (METARS),
forecasts (TAFs), weather alerts (AIRMETS/SIGMETS), pilot reports, satellite imagery (visible and IR), winds and temperature aloft,
lightning data, and notices to airmen (NOTAM). 

   

 Sales and Marketing  

   

 Garmin’s non-aviation
products are sold in approximately 100 countries through a worldwide network of approximately 4,000 independent dealers and distributors,
who meet our sales and customer service qualifications. No single customer’s purchases represented 10% or more of Garmin’s
consolidated revenues in the fiscal year ended December 26, 2015. Marketing support is provided geographically from Garmin’s
offices around the world. Garmin’s distribution strategy is intended to increase Garmin’s global penetration and presence
while maintaining high quality standards to ensure end-user satisfaction. 

 	  

 Garmin’s
U.S. consumer product sales are handled through its network of dealers and distributors who are serviced by a staff of regional
sales managers and in-house sales associates. Garmin’s Europe, Middle East, Australia/New Zealand and Africa consumer product
sales are handled through our in-country subsidiaries or local distributors who resell to dealers. Working closely with Garmin’s
in-house sales and marketing staff in the U.K. and U.S., these in-country subsidiaries or independent distributors are responsible
for inventory levels and staff training requirements at each retail location. Garmin’s Taiwan-based marketing team handles
the Company’s Asia sales and marketing effort. Some of Garmin’s larger consumer products dealers and distributors
include: 

   

 
 · Amazon.com —internet retailer; 

 
 · Best Buy —one of the largest U.S. and Canadian electronics
retailers; 




 
 · Halfords — a
                                         large European retailer specializing in car parts and accessories; and 

 
 · Wal-Mart— the world’s largest mass retailer 

   

 Garmin’s retrofit avionics and aviation
portable products are sold through select aviation dealers around the world and, in the case of aviation portable products, also
through catalogs and pilot shops. Garmin’s largest aviation dealers include Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co., Elliott
Aviation, Gulf Coast Avionics Corp., Sarasota Avionics, and Sportsman’s Market. Avionics dealers have the training, equipment
and certified staff required for at-airport installation of Garmin’s avionics equipment. 

   

 In addition to the traditional distribution channels mentioned, Garmin has many relationships with original
equipment manufacturers (OEMs). In the auto segment, Garmin’s products are sold globally to automotive and motorcycle OEMs,
either directly or through tier 2 sourcing. Some of Garmin’s larger OEM relationships include BMW Motorrad, Bombardier, Chrysler,
Harley-Davidson, Honda, Mercedes Benz, Polaris, Suzuki and Volkswagen.  In
the marine segment, Garmin’s products are standard equipment on various models of boats. Some of the larger OEM relationships
include Ranger Tugs, Cutwater Boats (a Division of Fluid Motion, LLC), Bayliner Boats (a division of Brunswick Corporation), Bavaria
Yacht, Chaparral Boats, Inc., Andros Boats, Inc., Edgewater Boats, LLC, Bennington Marine, LLC, Cigarette Racing Team, LLC, Cobalt
Boats, LLC, G3 Boats (a division of Yamaha Motor Corp.), Gulf Craft, Inc., Fairline Boats, Ltd., Inha Works Ltd. and Regal Marine
Industries, Inc. In the aviation market, Garmin’s avionics are either standard equipment or options on various models of
aircraft. Some of the larger OEM relationships include AgustaWestland, Bombardier, Bell Helicopter-A Textron Company, Textron Aviation,
Cirrus Aircraft, Embraer SA, Eurocopter, an EADS Company, Beechcraft Corporation, Pilatus Aircraft Ltd, Piper Aircraft, Inc., Quest
Aircraft Company, and Robinson Helicopter Company.     

   


 
       12   
       
     

   

 Competition  

   

 In general, we operate
in highly competitive markets though competitive conditions do vary among our diverse products and geographies.  Garmin believes
the principal competitive factors impacting the market for its products are design, functionality, quality and reliability, customer
service, brand, price, time-to-market and availability.  Garmin believes that it generally competes favorably in each of these
areas and as such, is generally a significant competitor in each of our major markets. 

   

 Garmin believes that
its principal competitors for portable automotive products are TomTom N.V. and MiTAC Digital Corporation (MiTAC) (which distributes
products under the brand names of Magellan, Mio, and Navman). Garmin believes that its principal competitors for infotainment solutions
are Harman International Industries, Panasonic Corporation, and the Mitsubishi Group. Garmin believes that its principal competitors
for outdoor product lines are Bushnell, DeLorme, Magellan, a subsidiary of MiTAC, SportDOG Brand and Suunto Oy. For mobile products
Garmin believes that its principal competitors are Google Inc., Apple Inc. and Telenav Inc. Garmin believes that its principal
competitors for fitness products are Apple Inc., Bryton Corp., Fitbit Inc., AliphCom dba Jawbone, Polar Electro Oy, Sigma Sports,
Suunto Oy and Timex Corp. For marine products, Garmin believes that its principal competitors are Furuno Electronic Company, the
Humminbird division of Johnson Outdoors, Inc., Navico and Flir Systems, Inc. For Garmin’s aviation product lines, Garmin
considers its principal competitors to be Aspen Avionics, Avidyne Corporation, Chelton Flight Systems, CMC Electronics, Free Flight
Systems, Genesys Aerosystems, Honeywell, Inc., Innovative Solutions and Support Inc., L-3 Avionics Systems, Rockwell Collins, Inc.,
Sagem SA and Universal Avionics Systems Corporation. 

   

 Research and Development 

   

 Garmin’s product
innovations are driven by its strong emphasis on research and development and the close partnership between Garmin’s engineering
and manufacturing teams. Garmin’s products are created by its engineering and development staff, which numbered 3,412 people
worldwide as of December 26, 2015. Garmin’s manufacturing staff includes manufacturing process engineers who work closely
with Garmin’s design engineers to ensure manufacturability and manufacturing cost control for its products. Garmin’s
development staff includes industrial designers, as well as software engineers, electrical engineers, mechanical engineers and
cartographic engineers. Garmin believes the industrial design of its products has played an important role in Garmin’s success.
Once a development project is initiated and approved, a multi-disciplinary team is created to design the product and transition
it into manufacturing. 

   

 Below is a table of Garmin’s expenditures
on research and development over the last three fiscal years.   

   

 
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
     ($'s in thousands)   
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Research and development   
       427,043     
       395,121     
       364,923   
 
     Percent of net sales   
       15.1 %   
       13.8 %   
       13.9 % 
 

   

 Manufacturing and Operations  

   

 Garmin believes one
of its core competencies and strengths is its vertically integrated manufacturing capabilities at its Taiwan facilities in Xizhi,
Jhongli and LinKou, its China facility in Yangzhou, and at its U.S. facilities in Olathe, Kansas and Salem, Oregon. Garmin believes
that its ownership and operation of its own manufacturing facilities and distribution networks provides significant capability
and flexibility to address the breadth and depth of resources necessary to serve its diverse products and markets. 

   

 Specifically, Garmin
believes that its vertical integration of its manufacturing capabilities provides advantages to product cost, quality and time
to market. 

   


 
       13   
       
     

   

 Cost:  Garmin’s
manufacturing resources rapidly and iteratively prototype designs, concepts, products and processes, achieving higher efficiency,
resulting in lower cost. Garmin’s vertical integration approach enables leveraging our manufacturing resources across high,
mid and low volume products. Sharing of these resources across our product lines favorably affects Garmin’s costs to produce
its range of products, with lower volume products realizing the economies of scale of the high volume products. The ownership and
integration of our resources allows Garmin to optimize the design for manufacturing of our products, yielding improved cost. 

   

 Quality:  Garmin’s
automation and sophisticated production processes provide in-service robustness and consistent reliability standards that enables
Garmin to maintain strict process and quality control of the products manufactured, thereby improving the overall quality of our
products. Additionally, the immediate feedback throughout the manufacturing processes is provided to the development teams providing
integrated continuous improvement throughout design and supply chain. 

   

 Time to Market: 
Garmin uses multi-disciplinary teams of design engineers, process engineers, and supply chain specialists to develop products,
allowing them to quickly move from concept to manufacturing. This integrated ownership provides inherent flexibility to enable
faster time to market. 

   

 Garmin’s  design,
manufacturing, distribution, and servicing processes in its U.S., Taiwan, China and U.K. facilities are certified to ISO 9001,
an international quality standard developed by the International Organization for Standardization. Garmin’s automotive operations
in Taiwan and Olathe have achieved TS 16949 certification, a quality standard for automotive suppliers. Garmin’s new China
facility in Yangzhou has received a TS16949 letter of conformance and expects to be formally certified in fourth quarter 2016.
Garmin’s Olathe and Salem aviation operations have achieved certification to AS9100, the quality standard for the aviation
industry. 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc., Garmin (Europe) Ltd. and Garmin Corporation have also achieved certification of their environmental management systems to
the ISO 14001 standard, recognizing Garmin’s systems and processes which minimize or prevent harmful effects on the environment
and continually strive to improve its environmental performance. 

   

 Materials 

   

 Although most components
essential to Garmin’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain key components are currently obtained
by the Company from single or limited sources, which subjects Garmin to supply and pricing risks. Many of these and other key components
that are available from multiple sources, including, but not limited to, NAND flash memory, dynamic random access memory (DRAM),
GPS chipsets and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and commodity pricing fluctuations. 

   

 Garmin and other participants
in the personal computer, tablet, mobile communication, aviation electronics and consumer electronics industries also compete for
various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. In addition, Garmin uses some
custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal computer, tablet, mobile communication and consumer electronics
industries, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source until Garmin
has evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers. When a component or product uses new
technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has
increased. Garmin makes efforts to manage risks in these areas through the use of supply agreements for strategically important
components. Nevertheless, if Garmin’s supply of a key single-sourced component for a new or existing product was delayed
or constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed
shipments of completed products to Garmin, Garmin’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. Garmin’s business and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required to
obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source.
Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decided to concentrate
on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet Garmin’s requirements. 

   


 
       14   
       
     

   

 Seasonality 

   

 Our sales are subject
to seasonal fluctuation. Sales of our consumer products are generally higher in the fourth quarter, due to increased demand during
the holiday buying season, and, to a lesser extent, the second quarter, due to increased demand during the spring and summer season
and the Mother’s Day/Father’s Day/graduation buying season. Sales of consumer products are also influenced by the timing
of the release of new products. Our aviation products do not experience much seasonal variation, but are more influenced by the
timing of the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest. 

   

 Backlog 

   

 Our sales are generally
of a consumer nature and there is a relatively short cycle between order and shipment. Therefore, we believe that backlog information
is not material to the understanding of our business. We typically ship most orders within 72 hours of receipt. 

   

 Intellectual Property  

   

 Our success and ability
to compete is dependent in part on our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade
secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. In addition, Garmin often
relies on licenses of intellectual property for use in its business.  For example, Garmin obtains licenses for digital cartography
technology for use in our products from various sources. 

   

 As of January 7, 2016, Garmin’s worldwide IP portfolio includes over 950 patent and 640 trademark
registrations issued worldwide.  Generally, patents issued in the United States are effective for 20 years from the earliest
asserted filing date of the patent application. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with the provisions of applicable
local law. For the past eight years Garmin has been selected as a constituent of the Ocean Tomo® 300 Patent Index which recognizes
companies with high intellectual property value. We believe that our continued success depends on the intellectual skills of our
employees and their ability to continue to innovate.  Garmin will continue to file and prosecute patent applications when
appropriate to attempt to protect Garmin’s rights in its proprietary technologies. 

   

 There is no assurance
that our current patents, or patents which we may later acquire, may successfully withstand any challenge, in whole or in part.
It is also possible that any patent issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or that the patents of others
will preclude us from manufacturing and marketing certain products. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Litigation
may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. 

   

 Regulations  

   

 The telecommunications industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory environment in which Garmin operates
is subject to change. In accordance with the United States’ Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules and regulations,
wireless transceiver products are required to be certified by the FCC and comparable authorities in foreign countries where they
are sold. Garmin’s products sold in Europe are required to comply with relevant directives of the European Commission. A
delay in receiving required certifications for new products, or enhancements to Garmin’s products, or losing certification
for Garmin’s existing products could adversely affect our business. In addition, aviation products that are intended for
installation in “type certificated aircraft” are required to be certified by the FAA, its European counterpart, the
European Aviation Safety Agency, and other comparable organizations before they can be used in an aircraft. 

   


 
       15   
       
     

   

 Because Garmin Corporation,
one of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, is located in Taiwan, foreign exchange control laws and regulations of Taiwan
with respect to remittances into and out of Taiwan may have an impact on Garmin’s operations. The Taiwan Foreign Exchange
Control Statute, and regulations thereunder, provides that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated
to handle such business by the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan and by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), also referred
to as the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions. Consequently, foreign currency earned from
exports of merchandise and services may now be retained and used freely by exporters, while all foreign currency needed for the
import of merchandise and services may be purchased freely from the designated foreign exchange banks. Aside from trade-related
foreign exchange transactions, Taiwan companies and residents may, without foreign exchange approval, remit outside and into Taiwan
foreign currencies of up to $50 million and $5 million respectively, or their equivalent, each calendar year. Currency conversions
within the limits are processed by the designated banks and do not have to be reviewed and approved by the CBC. The above limits
apply to remittances involving a conversion between New Taiwan Dollars and U.S. Dollars or other foreign currencies. The CBC typically
approves foreign exchange in excess of the limits if a party applies with the CBC for review and presents legitimate business reasons
justifying the currency conversion. A requirement is also imposed on all enterprises to register all medium and long-term foreign
debt with the CBC. 

   

 Environmental Matters  

   

 Garmin’s operations
are subject to various environmental laws, including laws addressing air and water pollution and management of hazardous substances
and wastes.  Substantial noncompliance with applicable environmental laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Capital expenditures for environmental controls are included in our normal capital budget. 

   

 Environmental regulation
of Garmin’s products is increasing.  Many of Garmin's products are subject to laws relating to the chemical and
material composition of our products and their energy efficiency.  Garmin is also subject to laws requiring manufacturers
to be financially responsible for collection, recovery and recycling of wastes from certain electronic products. Compliance
with current environmental laws does not have a material impact on our business, but the impact of future enactment of environmental
laws cannot yet be fully determined and could be substantial. 

   

 Garmin has implemented
multiple Environmental Management System (EMS) policies in accordance with the International Organization for Standardization (ISO)
14001 standard for Environmental Health and Safety Management.  Garmin’s EMS policies set forth practices, standards,
and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations at Garmin’s Kansas headquarters facility,
Garmin’s European headquarters facility, and Garmin’s Taiwan manufacturing facility. 

   

 Regulatory and “Green
Procurement” demands from our customers are also increasing; particularly in the areas of restricted substance use and environmentally-friendly
design and manufacture initiatives.  The overall impacts of these customer requirements cannot yet be established.  Garmin
is committed to improving our products and processes to meet our customer needs. 

   

 Employees  

   

 As of December 26,
2015, Garmin had 11,651 full and part-time employees worldwide, of whom 4,333 were in the United States, 88 were in Canada, 5,289
were in Taiwan, 1,294 were in Europe, and 647 were in other global locations. Except for some of Garmin’s employees in Brazil
and Sweden, none of Garmin’s employees are represented by a labor union and none of Garmin's North American or Taiwan
employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Garmin considers its employee relations to be good. 

   


 
       16   
       
     

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors  

   

 The risks described below are not the
only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial
may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results
could be materially adversely affected. 

   

 Risks Related to the Company 

   

 If we are not successful in the continued
development, introduction or timely manufacture of new products, demand for our products could decrease.  

   

 We expect that a significant
portion of our future revenue will continue to be derived from sales of newly introduced products. The market for our products
is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changes in customer needs. If we fail to introduce
new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards or customer
needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make significant investments in research
and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such
products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed, will
achieve significant customer acceptance. 

   

 If we are unable to
successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our future results of operations
would be adversely affected. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license
new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or may
materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products to
new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict, and
there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability of these
products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related to new
products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory approval,
or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 If we are unable to compete effectively
with existing or new competitors, our resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders,
reduced margins and loss of market share.  

   

 The markets for many
of our products are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new or
emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development,
promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Increased competition could result in
price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against
current or future competitors could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 The demand for personal navigation devices
(PNDs) has been and continues to be reduced by replacement technologies becoming available on mobile devices and factory-installed
systems in new autos, as well as by market saturation.  

   

 GPS/navigation technologies
have been incorporated into competing devices such as mobile handsets, tablets, and new automobiles through factory-installed systems.
Many companies are now offering navigation software for these mobile devices. The acceptance of this technology by consumers has
reduced sales in this segment and has reduced margins in some periods. Navigation systems are also becoming more prevalent as standard
and/or optional equipment on new automobiles. Increased navigation penetration on mobile handsets and in new automobiles is expected
to cause further declines in sales of our portable navigation devices and could further reduce margins. 

   

 

 Our annual and quarterly financial statements
will reflect fluctuations in foreign currency translation. 



 

   

 The operation of Garmin’s subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements
in currency exchange rates. We have experienced significant foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening
of the U.S. dollar. The potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect
on our results of operations. The Company has not historically hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks. 

   


 
       17   
       
     

   

 

 The currencies that
create a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. The Taiwan
Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation. The U.S. Dollar remains the functional currency of Garmin Europe. The
Euro is the functional currency of most European subsidiaries. As these entities have grown, currency moves can generate material
gains and losses. Additionally, Euro denominated inter-company transactions in Garmin Ltd. can also generate currency gains and
losses. Other legal entities primarily use the local currency as the functional currency. Due to the relative size of entities
using a functional currency other than the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations within
these entities are not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 The Company translates all
assets and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year.  U.S.
GAAP requires the Company at the end of each accounting period to translate into functional currency all U.S. Dollar denominated
assets and liabilities. This U.S. GAAP-mandated translation will cause us to recognize gain or loss on our financial statements
as the U.S. Dollar strengthens or weakens against the various functional currencies. Such gain or loss will create variations
in our earnings per share. Because there is minimal cash impact caused by such exchange rate variations, management will continue
to focus on the Company’s operating performance before the impact of the foreign currency translation.  



 

   

 

 The auto segment, which represents approximately
37% of our revenues, is expected to continue to decline in 2016.  



 

   

 We experienced substantial
growth through 2008 in the auto segment of our business as the products became mass-market consumer electronics in both Europe
and North America. This market is declining as competing technologies emerged and market saturation occurred. This has resulted
in, and could continue to result in, periods of lower revenues for this segment and lower earnings per share. 

   

 Economic conditions and uncertainty
could adversely affect our revenue and margins. 

   

 Our revenue and margins
depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness
or constrained consumer and business spending has resulted in periods of decreased revenue and in the future, could result in decreased
revenue and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial difficulties
experienced by our retailers and OEM customers have resulted, and could result in the future, in significant bad debt write-offs
and additions to reserves in our receivables and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 If we do not correctly anticipate demand
for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have
costly excess production or inventories.  

   

 We have generally been
able to increase or decrease production to meet fluctuations in demand. However, the demand for our products depends on many factors
and may be difficult to forecast. We expect that it will become more difficult to forecast demand as we introduce and support a
diverse product portfolio, as competition in the market for our products intensifies and as the markets for some of our products
mature. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand could cause the following problems in our operations: 

   

 

 
 · If demand increases beyond what we forecast,
we would have to rapidly increase production. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those
suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet unexpected demand.  

   

 
 · Rapid increases in production levels to
meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components and other expenses. These higher
costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may
also lower our margins and reduce customer satisfaction. 

   

 
 · If forecasted demand does not develop,
we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some
or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing
efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower margins. 



 

   


 
       18   
       
     

   

 We depend on our suppliers, some of
which are the sole source for specific components, and our production would be seriously harmed if these suppliers are not able
to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise.  

   

 We are dependent on
third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party
suppliers include semiconductors and electroluminescent panels, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors.
The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components
we use are from sole source suppliers. Certain application-specific integrated circuits incorporating our proprietary designs are
manufactured for us by sole source suppliers. Alternative sources may not be currently available for these sole source components. 

   

 In the past we have
experienced shortages of certain components. In addition, if there are shortages in supply of components, the costs of such components
may rise. If suppliers are unable to meet our demand for components on a timely basis and if we are unable to obtain an alternative
source or if the price of the alternative source is prohibitive, or if the costs of components rise, our ability to maintain timely
and cost-effective production of our products would be seriously harmed. 

   

 Gross margins for our products may fluctuate
or erode.  

   

 Gross margins in some
of our segments have declined in recent years and could further decline in the future due to competitive price reductions that
are not fully offset by material cost reductions. In addition, our overall gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due
to a number of factors, including product mix, competition and unit volumes. In particular, the average selling prices of a specific
product tend to decrease over that product’s life. To offset such decreases, we intend to rely primarily on component cost
reduction, obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacturing of existing products and on introducing
new products that incorporate advanced features and therefore can be sold at higher average selling prices. However, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such yield improvements or cost reductions or introduce any such new products
in the future. To the extent that such cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or our products
do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

 

   


 
       19   
       
     

    

 Changes in our United States federal income tax classification
or in applicable tax laws could result in adverse tax consequences to our shareholders.  

   

 Legislative proposals
have been considered in the United States within the past few years that could increase the United States tax burden of corporations
with international operations and could broaden the circumstances under which foreign corporations could be considered resident
in the United States.  Legislative proposals are being considered in Switzerland that could make significant changes in the
corporate tax regime and increase the taxes applicable to us in Switzerland.  Our tax position could be adversely impacted
by changes in Swiss, United States or foreign tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof
by any tax authority. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. 

   

 Recently, the Organization
for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) issued final recommendations to prevent perceived base erosion and profit shifting
by multinational corporations. While these recommendations are not changes to tax law, the countries where we operate may implement
legislation or take unilateral actions which may result in adverse effects to our income tax provision and financial statements. 

   

 We do not believe that
we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a ‘‘passive foreign investment company’’
for United States federal income tax purposes.  We do not expect to become a passive foreign investment company.  However,
because the passive foreign investment company determination is made annually based on whether the company’s income or assets
meet certain thresholds as determined under United States federal tax principles which are based on facts and circumstances that
may be beyond our control, we cannot assure that we will not become a passive foreign investment company in the future.  If
we are a passive foreign investment company in any year, then any of our shareholders that is a United States person could be liable
to pay tax on their pro rata share of our income plus an interest charge upon some distributions by us or when that shareholder
sells our common shares at a gain.  Further, if we are classified as a passive foreign investment company in any year in which
a United States person is a shareholder, we generally will continue to be treated as a passive foreign investment company with
respect to such shareholder in all succeeding years, regardless of whether we continue to satisfy the income or asset tests mentioned
above. 

   

 We
do not believe that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation
(CFC) for United States federal income tax purposes. We do not expect to become a CFC. The CFC determination is made daily based
on whether the United States shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company. Only United
States persons that own ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders.
Currently the Company has two shareholders that qualify as United States shareholders owning greater than ten percent of the voting
power, totaling 35% of the outstanding shares.  Thus, the addition of even one additional ten percent or greater United States
shareholder could result in classification as a CFC and subject all such holders to significant tax consequences. If the Company
were to be classified as a CFC for an uninterrupted thirty day period in any year, the Company’s shareholders that qualify
as United States shareholders could be liable to pay US income tax at ordinary income tax rates on their pro-rata share of certain
categories of the Company’s income for the period in which the Company is classified as a CFC. As the Company cannot control
the ownership of the Company’s stock nor can the Company control which shareholders participate in the Company’s stock
buyback program, ownership changes could result that create United States shareholders which increase the risk of Garmin being
treated as a CFC. 

 

   

 We have benefited in the past from Taiwan
government tax incentives offered on certain high technology capital investments that may not always be available.  

   

 Our
effective tax rate has historically been lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, in part because we have benefited from incentives
offered in Taiwan related to our high technology investments in Taiwan. The loss of these tax benefits   has
begun to have a negative impact on our effective tax rate and reduced benefits will continue into the future.  

   


 
       20   
       
     

   

 We may experience unique economic and political risks associated
with companies that operate in Taiwan.  

   

 Relations between Taiwan
and the People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, and other factors affecting the political or economic conditions
of Taiwan in the future could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price
and the liquidity of our shares. Our principal manufacturing facilities where we manufacture all of our products, except our panel-mounted
aviation products, are located in Taiwan. 

   

 Taiwan has a unique
international political status. The PRC asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands and all
of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic
and cultural relations have been established during recent years between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that
it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan.
Relations between Taiwan and the PRC have on occasion adversely affected the market value of Taiwanese companies and could negatively
affect our operations in Taiwan in the future. 

   

 Our intellectual property rights are
important to our operations, and we could suffer loss if they infringe upon other’s rights or are infringed upon by others.
 

   

 We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file applications
to attempt to protect our rights in new technology and trademarks. However, there is no guarantee that our patent applications
will become issued patents, or that our trademark applications will become registered trademarks. Moreover, even if approved, our
patents or trademarks may thereafter be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become invalidated for a variety of reasons.
Thus, any patents or trademarks we currently have or may later acquire may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. 

   

 Third parties may claim
that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial condition. From time to time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property
rights and we have been, and currently are, a defendant in lawsuits alleging patent infringement. Litigation concerning patents
or other intellectual property is costly and time consuming. We may seek licenses from such parties, but they could refuse to grant
us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could also cause us to incur substantial liabilities
and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes or the production or sale of major products. 

   

 We may become subject to significant
product liability costs.  

   

 If our aviation products malfunction or contain errors or defects, airplane collisions or crashes could
occur resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. Malfunctions or errors or defects in our marine navigational products
could cause boats to run aground or cause other wreckage, personal injury or death. If our automotive or marine products contain
defects or errors in the mapping supplied by third-party map providers or if our users do not heed our warnings about the proper
use of these products, collisions or accidents could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. If any of these
events occurs, we could be subject to significant liability for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances,
could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages. We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products.
However, there can be no assurance that such insurance would be sufficient to cover the cost of damages to others or that such
insurance will continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage may not cover awards
of punitive damages and may not cover the cost of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins.
If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover
the award, this could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   


 
       21   
       
     

   

 We have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in
adverse outcomes. 

   

 We are subject to a
variety of claims and lawsuits. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive
relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties
and the outcomes can be difficult to predict. Management may not adequately reserve for a contingent liability, or we may suffer
unforeseen liabilities, which could then impact the results of a financial period. A material adverse impact on our consolidated
financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably
estimable which, if not expected, could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 

 We collect, store, process, and use
personal information and other customer data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related
to privacy, information security, and data protection, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could
harm our business.  

   

 We collect, store, process, and use personal information and other user data. Our users’ fitness-related
data and personal information may include, among other information, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, payment account
information, height, weight, age, heart rates, sleeping patterns, GPS-based location, and activity patterns. Due to the volume
and types of the personal information and data we manage and the nature of our products, the security features of our platform
and information systems are critical. If our security measures and applications are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may
be able to obtain access to user data. If we or our third-party service providers, business partners, or third-party apps with
which our users choose to share their Garmin data were to experience a breach of systems compromising our users’ data or
the media suggested that our security measures were insufficient, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, use of
our products and services could decrease, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation, and regulatory proceedings. Depending
on the nature of the information compromised, in the event of a data breach or other unauthorized access to our user data, we may
also have obligations to notify users about the incident and we may need to provide some form of remedy 
 for the individuals affected by the incident. A growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer
notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access to or acquisition of certain types of personal data. Such breach
notification laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Complying with these obligations
could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any incident that compromises user
data. Our users may also accidentally disclose or lose control of their passwords, creating the perception that our systems are
not secure against third-party access. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as vendors, business partners, service
providers, or developers, violate applicable laws, agreements, or our policies, such violations may also put our users’ information
at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. While we maintain insurance coverage that, subject to policy
terms and conditions and a significant self-insured retention, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance
coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber
risk. 

   

 Regulatory authorities
around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the
interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in
flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If
so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could
have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial
costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

   

 Security breaches and other disruptions, including as a result
of cyber attacks, may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

   

 In the ordinary course
of our business, we electronically maintain sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our customers and suppliers, and some personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our facilities
and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is important to our operations. A
breach of our security systems and procedures or those of our vendors could result in significant data losses or theft of our customers'
or our employees' intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information.  A cybersecurity
breach could negatively affect our reputation as a trusted product and service provider by adversely affecting the market's perception
of the security or reliability of our products or services.  

   

 We have technology
and processes in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software or applications
we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly
compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through fraud,
trickery or other forms of deceiving our customers and employees. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques
or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, or if such measures are implemented, and even with appropriate
training conducted in support of such measures, human errors may still occur. It is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate
this risk. A party, whether internal or external, who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate information. 

   


 
       22   
       
     

   

 Actual or anticipated
attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies,
to train employees, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. Our technology errors and omissions insurance may
not protect against all of the costs, liabilities, and other adverse effects arising from a security breach or system failure.
If we fail to reasonably maintain the security of confidential information, we may suffer significant reputational and financial
losses and our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, a
system breach could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of internal operations, and may subject us to private
litigation, government investigations, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or
remediation costs. 

   

 We depend on third party licensors for
the digital map data contained in our auto products, and our business and/or gross margins could be harmed if we become unable
to continue licensing such mapping data or if the royalty costs for such data rise. 

   

 We license digital mapping data for use in our products from various sources. There are only a limited
number of suppliers of mapping data for each geographical region. The two largest digital map suppliers are HERE (formerly known
as NAVTEQ) and TomTom N.V. HERE is owned by Here Acquisition B.V. (a consortium of Daimler AG, BMW AG and Audi AG). Here Acquisition
B.V. is owned by competitors to other global OEMs, who may not wish to utilize mapping content from a competitor. TomTom N.V. is
a competitor of Garmin. 

   

 Although we do not foresee
difficulty in continuing to license data at favorable pricing due to the long term license extension signed between Garmin and
HERE in February 2015 extending our HERE license agreement through 2024, if we are unable to continue licensing such mapping data
and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if the nature of our relationships with HERE changes detrimentally, our ability
to supply mapping data for use in our products would be seriously harmed. 

   

 We may have additional income tax liabilities.   

   

 We are subject to income
taxes in Switzerland, the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our
worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where
the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates
are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical
income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our income tax provision,
net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

   

 Failure to obtain required certifications of our products
on a timely basis could harm our business.  

   

 We have certain products,
especially in our aviation segment, that are subject to governmental and similar certifications before they can be sold. For example,
FAA certification is required for all of our aviation products that are intended for installation in type-certificated aircraft.
To the extent required, certification is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus and resources.
An inability to obtain, or excessive delay in obtaining, such certifications could have an adverse effect on our ability to introduce
new products and, for certain aviation OEM products, our customers’ ability to sell airplanes. Delays in our obtaining certification
for our aviation products have resulted, and may in the future result, in our being required to pay compensation to our customers.
Therefore, such inabilities or delays could adversely affect our operating results.    In addition, we cannot assure you that
our certified products will not be decertified. Any such decertification could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

   


 
       23   
       
     

   

 Our business may suffer if we are not
able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel.  

   

 Our future success depends
partly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel.
We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying severance
payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do not have key man
life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance. The loss of the services
of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could harm our business. Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel
we require to maintain and grow our market position may be difficult. For example, in some recent years there has been a nationwide
shortage of qualified engineers who are necessary for us to design and develop new products, and therefore, it has sometimes been
challenging to recruit such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to maintain and expand
our business. 

   

 Our quarterly operating results are
subject to fluctuations and seasonality.  

   

 Our operating results
are difficult to predict. Our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. If such operating results decline,
the price of our stock could decline. As we have expanded our operations, our operating expenses, particularly our research and
development costs, have increased as a percentage of our sales. If revenues decrease and we continue to increase research and development
costs, our operating results would be negatively affected. 

   

 Historically, our revenues
have been weaker in the first quarter of each fiscal year as our devices are highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying is traditionally
lower in this quarter. Sales of certain of our fitness, marine and automotive   products tend to be higher in our second fiscal
quarter due to increased consumer spending for such products in the spring season and travel season. Sales of many of our consumer
products also have been higher in our fourth fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns on electronic devices during
the holiday season.   In addition, we attempt to time our new product releases to coincide with relatively higher consumer
spending in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, which contributes to these seasonal variations. 

   

 We rely on independent dealers and distributors
to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business.  

   

 Because we sell many
of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory
levels and support for our products. In particular, our dealers and distributors maintain significant levels of our products in
their inventories. If dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient
levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. 

   

 Many of our dealers
and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable
terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain
or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with
dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 

   

 We may pursue strategic acquisitions,
investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify,
complete and integrate such transactions.  

   

 We intend to evaluate
acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products,
or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings,
additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition,
investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete
those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all. 

   


 
       24   
       
     

   

 Any past or future acquisitions
could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s
attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to
integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide
not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate internal controls, compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other
corporate governance matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we have made in previous years or may make
in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business could be materially harmed. 

   

 There is uncertainty as to our shareholders’ ability
to enforce certain foreign civil liabilities in Switzerland and Taiwan.  

   

 We are a Swiss company
and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States, particularly in Taiwan. As a result, it may be difficult
to effect service of process within the United States upon us. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of Switzerland
or Taiwan would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in
Switzerland or Taiwan against us predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

   

 A shut down of Federal Aviation Administration
operations would harm our business. 

   

 Any failure of
Congress to appropriate funds for FAA operations that results in any shut down of FAA operations or furloughing of FAA employees
could result in delays in the required FAA certification of our avionics products and in the production, sale and registration
of aircraft that use our avionics products. Such delays could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

   

 Many of our products rely on the Global
Positioning System. 

   

 The Global Positioning
System (GPS) is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites
and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department
of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems
are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. The satellites were originally
designed to have lives of 7.5 years and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate. However,
of the current deployment of satellites in place, some have been operating for more than 20 years. 

   

 To repair damaged or
malfunctioning satellites is currently not economically feasible. If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable,
there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites
may impair the current utility of the GPS system and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. GPS satellites
and ground control segments are being modernized. GPS modernization software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access
to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates. 

   

 GPS is operated by the
U.S. Government, which is committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however if the policy were to change, and GPS were
no longer supported by the U.S. Government, or if user fees were imposed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. 

   

 Some of our products
also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System
(WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS), and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS).
Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby
impacting our markets. 

   


 
       25   
       
     

   

 Any of the foregoing
factors could affect the willingness of buyers of our products to select Global Positioning System-based products instead of products
based on competing technologies. 

   

 Our business is subject to disruptions and uncertainties
caused by geopolitical instability, war or terrorism. 

   

 Acts of war or acts of terrorism, especially
any directed at the GPS signals, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism,
may cause a redeployment of the satellites used in GPS or interruptions of the system. To the extent that such interruptions have
an effect on sales of our products, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

   

 A shut down of airspace
or imposition of restrictions on general aviation would harm our business. The shutdown of airspace could cause reduced sales of
our general aviation products and delays in the shipment of our products manufactured in our Taiwan manufacturing facilities to
our global distribution facilities, thereby adversely affecting our ability to supply new and existing products to our dealers
and distributors. 

   

 Any reallocation or repurposing of radio
frequency spectrum could cause harmful interference with the reception of Global Positioning System signals. This interference
could harm our business.  

   

 Our Global Positioning
System technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s Global
Positioning System satellites. The Global Positioning System operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for
radio navigation satellite services. International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications
Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations
that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference. 
Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations
and spectrum usage regulations. 

   

 Any ITU or national
reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications
of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may materially and adversely affect the utility and reliability of our products
and have significant negative impacts on our business and our customers. 

   

 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks
related to climate change. 

   

 Climate change is receiving increasing
attention worldwide.  Some scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases,
including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. 

   

 Various
regulatory and legislative measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in different phases of implementation or discussion.
In the aftermath of its 2009 “endangerment finding” that greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to human health and
welfare, the Environmental Protection Agency has begun to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under
the Clean Air Act. At the federal legislative level, Congressional passage of legislation adopting some form of federal mandatory
greenhouse gas emission reduction, such as a nationwide cap-and-trade program, does not appear likely at this time, although it
could be adopted at a future date. It is also possible that Congress may pass alternative climate change bills that do not mandate
a nationwide cap-and-trade program and instead focus on promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency, which could increase
the cost of doing business . 

   


 
       26   
       
     

   

 Because it is uncertain what laws and regulations
will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

   

 Risks Relating
to Our Shares  

   

 The volatility of our stock price could
adversely affect investment in our common shares. 

   

 The market price of
our common shares has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile.  During 2015, the closing price of our common shares
ranged from a low of $32.28 to a high of $56.81. A variety of factors could cause the price of our common shares to fluctuate,
perhaps substantially, including: 

   

 
 · new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

 
 · general conditions in the worldwide economy, including fluctuations
in interest rates and global currency exchange rates; 

 
 · announcements of technological innovations; 

 
 · product obsolescence and our ability to manage product transitions; 

 
 · developments in our relationships with our customers and suppliers;
 

 
 · the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of components,
such as flash memory and liquid crystal displays, used in our products; 

 
 · quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results; 

 
 · changes in applicable tax laws and tax rates; 

 
 · developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and
litigation; 

 
 · announcements and rumors of developments related to our business,
our competitors, our suppliers or the markets in which we compete; 

 
 · research reports or opinions issued by securities analysts or brokerage
houses related to Garmin, our competitors, our suppliers or our customers;  

 
 · any significant acts of terrorism against the United States, Taiwan
or significant markets where we sell our products; and 

 
 · other factors as discussed in the previously listed risks. 

   

 In addition, in recent
years the stock market in general and the markets for shares of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price
fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies.  Any such fluctuations in
the future could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 

   

 Our officers and directors exert substantial influence over
us.  

   

 As of January 25, 2016,
current members and former members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers, together with members of their families
and entities that may be deemed affiliates of or related to such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 41.1% of
our outstanding common shares. Accordingly, these shareholders may be able to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring
shareholder approval, such as mergers and acquisitions and shareholder proposals. This level of ownership may have a significant
effect in delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Garmin and may adversely affect the voting and other rights
of other holders of our common shares. 

   


 
       27   
       
     

   

 The rights of our shareholders are governed
by Swiss law. 

   

 The rights of our shareholders
are governed by Swiss law and Garmin Ltd.’s articles of association. The rights of shareholders under Swiss law differ from
the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law allows our shareholders acting
at a shareholders’ meeting to authorize share capital that can be issued by the board of directors without approval of a
shareholders’ meeting, but this authorization is limited to 50% of the existing registered share capital and must be renewed
at a shareholders’ meeting at least every two years for it to continue to be available. Additionally, subject to specified
exceptions, including the exceptions described in our articles of association, Swiss law grants preemptive rights to existing shareholders
to subscribe for new issuances of shares and other securities. Swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various
terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions. Swiss law also reserves for approval
by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority in some other jurisdictions. For
example, Swiss law provides that dividends and other distributions must be approved by shareholders at the general meeting of shareholders.
These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility, and situations may arise where greater
flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders. 

   

 

 The Company has limited capital reserves
from which to make distributions or repurchase shares without subjecting you to Swiss withholding tax. 

   

 If we are unable to make distributions, if any, through a reduction of par value or to pay dividends, if any, out of qualifying
capital contribution reserves, then any dividends paid by us will generally be subject to a Swiss federal withholding tax at a
rate of 35%. Over the long term, the amount of par value and qualifying capital contribution reserves available for us to use for
par value reductions or dividends will be limited.  The withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. A U.S. holder that qualifies for benefits under the Convention between the United States
of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income may apply for a refund
of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty rate (or in excess of the 5% reduced treaty rate for qualifying corporate shareholders
with at least 10% participation in our voting stock, or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). However, there can
be no assurance that our shareholders will approve a reduction in par value or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution
reserves, that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that Swiss withholding rules
will not be changed in the future or that a change in Swiss law will not adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular
as a result of distributions out of qualifying capital contribution reserves becoming subject to additional corporate law or other
restrictions. If we are unable to make a distribution through a reduction in par value or to pay a dividend out of qualifying capital
contribution reserves, we may not be able to make distributions without subjecting you to Swiss withholding taxes 

   

 Under current Swiss
tax law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% Swiss
withholding tax on the difference between the par value and the repurchase price. However, the portion of the repurchase price
that is attributed to qualifying capital contribution reserves of the shares repurchased will not be subject to the Swiss withholding
tax. Therefore, repurchase of our own shares further limits the amount of qualifying capital reserves available for distributions
to shareholders free of Swiss withholding taxes.  No partial liquidation treatment applies and no withholding tax is triggered
if the shares are not repurchased for cancellation but held by us as treasury shares to the extent sufficient qualifying capital
reserves are available. However, should we not resell such treasury shares within six years and there is not sufficient qualifying
capital contribution reserves, the withholding tax becomes due at the end of the six year period.  

   

 We may follow a share
repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, similar to a "second trading line" on the SIX Swiss Exchange
in which Swiss institutional investors buy shares on the open market and sell these shares to us and are generally able to receive
a refund of the Swiss withholding tax. However, if we are unable to use this process successfully, we may not be able to repurchase
shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting you to Swiss withholding taxes if and to the extent that the repurchase
of shares is made out of retained earnings or other taxable reserves. No withholding tax would be applicable if and to the extent
that qualifying capital contribution reserves are attributable to the share repurchase. 



 

 

   


 
       28   
       
     

   

 

 We have certain limitations on our ability
to repurchase and hold our own shares. 

   

 Under Swiss law we have certain limitations on our ability to repurchase and hold our own shares. We and our subsidiaries may
only repurchase and hold our own shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves (including contributed surplus
as determined for Swiss tax and statutory purposes) are available. The aggregate par value of our registered shares held by us
and our subsidiaries may not exceed 10% of our registered share capital. We may repurchase our registered shares beyond the statutory
limit of 10%, however, if our share-holders have adopted a resolution at a general meeting of shareholders authorizing the board
of directors to repurchase registered shares in an amount in excess of 10% and the repurchased shares are dedicated for cancellation.
Our ability to repurchase and hold our own shares is a significant component of our capital management and shareholder return practices
that we believe is important to our shareholders, and any restriction on our ability to repurchase our shares could make our stock
less attractive to investors. 

   

 As mentioned previously,
we do not believe that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation
(CFC) for United States federal income tax purposes.  However, the repurchase of the Company’s shares reduces the number
of shares outstanding which is the basis for determining the ownership percentages for determination of whether the United States
shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company.  Only United States persons that own
ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders.  We may be limited
in the number of shares we repurchase due to United States shareholders holding percentages. 



 

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 2.	Properties 

   

 The following are the
principal properties owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries: 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. occupy facilities of approximately 1,215,400 square feet on approximately 59 acres in Olathe, Kansas,
where the majority of product design and development work is conducted, the majority of aviation panel-mount products are manufactured
and products are warehoused, distributed, and supported for North, Central and South America. Garmin’s subsidiary, Garmin
Realty, LLC also owns an additional 34 acres of land on the Olathe site for future expansion. In connection with the bond financings
for the facility in Olathe and the previous expansion of that facility, the City of Olathe holds the legal title to the Olathe
facility which is leased to Garmin’s subsidiaries by the City. Upon the payment in full of the outstanding bonds, the City
of Olathe is obligated to transfer title to Garmin’s subsidiaries for the aggregate sum of $200. Garmin International, Inc.
has purchased all the outstanding bonds and continues to hold the bonds until maturity in order to benefit from property tax abatement. 

   

 Garmin Corporation owns
and occupies a 249,326 square foot facility in Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City, Taiwan, a 223,469 square foot facility in Jhongli,
Tao-Yang County, Taiwan, and an approximately 580,000 square foot facility in LinKou, Tao-Yang County, Taiwan. In these three facilities,
Garmin Corporation manufactures all of Garmin’s consumer and portable aviation products and warehouses, markets and supports
products for the Pacific Rim countries. Garmin China Yangzhou Co., Ltd. leases an approximately 86,000 square foot manufacturing
facility in Yangzhou, Jiangsu, People’s Republic of China. 

   

 Garmin AT, Inc. leases
approximately 18 acres of land in Salem, Oregon under a ground lease. This ground lease expires in 2030, but Garmin AT, Inc. has
the option to extend the ground lease until 2050. Garmin AT, Inc. owns and occupies a 115,000 square foot facility for office,
development and manufacturing use and a 33,000 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility on this land.
Garmin AT, Inc. also owns and occupies an additional 66,000 square foot facility on the same property for Garmin’s West Coast
customer support call center and for research and development activities. 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc. owns and occupies an approximate 60,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona, used as office space. Garmin International,
Inc. leases 148,320 square feet of land at New Century Airport in Gardner, Kansas under a ground lease which expires in 2026. Garmin
International, Inc. owns and occupies a 47,254 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility on this land
which is used in development and certification of aviation products. Garmin International, Inc. owns a leasehold interest in an
additional 52,794 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility at New Century Airport in Gardner which is
also used in development and certification of aviation products. 

   


 
       29   
       
     

   

 Garmin Würzburg
GmbH leases 43,290 square feet in Würzburg, Germany for office and research and development activities. Garmin Cluj S.R.L.
leases 27,800 square feet in Cluj, Romania for research and development activities. 

   

 Various Garmin subsidiaries
lease an additional: (i) 48,625 square feet of office space in Olathe, Kansas for a call center operation; and (ii) approximately
33,000 square feet of office space in Tucson, Arizona, used as offices and for research and development. 

   

 Garmin (Europe) Ltd.
owns and occupies a 155,000 square foot building located in Totton, Southampton, England, used as offices and a distribution facility. 

   

 Item 3.	Legal Proceedings 

   

 ICON Health &
Fitness, Inc. v. Garmin Ltd., Garmin International, Inc., and Garmin USA, Inc.  

   

 On November 18, 2011,
ICON Health & Fitness, Inc. filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Utah against Garmin Ltd., Garmin
International, Inc., and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively “Garmin”), alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 7,789,800
(the ‘800 patent”) and 6,701,271 (“the ‘271 patent”).  On June 8, 2012, ICON filed an amended
complaint alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,626,799 and 6,921,351.  On June 25, 2012, Garmin filed its answer asserting
that each asserted claim of these additional patents-in-suit is invalid and/or not infringed.  On April 11, 2013, the Court
dismissed ICON’s allegations of infringement of the ‘800 and ‘271 patents against Garmin without prejudice pursuant
to a motion filed by ICON. On September 29, 2015, the court awarded summary judgment in favor of Garmin finding (a) that the ‘351
patent had been held to be invalid for indefiniteness by another federal district court and the doctrine of issue preclusion applied
to prevent ICON from relitigating this issue, and (b) that the ‘799 patent is invalid because it covers unpatentable subject
matter.  On November 18, 2015, ICON appealed the Court’s summary judgment ruling of invalidity of the ‘351 patent. 
ICON did not appeal the Court’s invalidity finding on the ‘799 patent.  Although there can be no assurance that
an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial
position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 In the Matter of
Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Systems, Products Containing the Same and Components Thereof 

   

 On July 18, 2014, Johnson Outdoors Inc. and Johnson Outdoors Marine Electronics Inc. filed a complaint
with the United States International Trade Commission (“ITC”) against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America,
Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Corporation (collectively “Garmin”) alleging a violation of Section 337 of the Tariff
Act of 1930, as amended, through alleged infringement by Garmin of U.S. Patents 7,652,952 (“the ’952 patent”);
7,710,825 (“the ’825 patent”); and 7,755,974 (“the ’974 patent”).  On August 15, 2014
the ITC instituted an investigation pursuant to the complaint. Garmin believes that each asserted claim of the ‘952 patent,
the ‘825 patent, and the ‘974 patent is invalid and/or not infringed and, in addition, that the ’952, ’825,
and ’974 patents are unenforceable under the doctrine of inequitable conduct and that Johnson Outdoors’ claims are
barred in whole or in part by the doctrines of prosecution history estoppel and/or prosecution disclaimer. A trial hearing before
the Administrative Law Judge was held on April 7 through April 10, 2015. On November 18, 2015 the ITC issued a Final Determination
finding that the asserted claims of the ’952, ’825, and ’974 patents are valid and enforceable but that there
is no infringement by Garmin of any of the asserted claims of the ’952 and ’825 patents and that there is no infringement
by Garmin of claim 25 of the ’974 patent. The ITC found that there is infringement by Garmin of claims 14, 18, 21-23 and
33 of the ’974 patent and issued a limited exclusion order prohibiting the import into the U.S. of infringing products and
a cease and desist order prohibiting certain domestic activities relating to the infringing products.  On January 16, 2016,
Johnson Outdoors filed a petition for review of the ITC’s Final Determination in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit (the “Federal Circuit”). On February 2, 2016, Garmin moved to intervene in Johnson Outdoors' appeal. That motion
was granted on February 4, 2016. On February 10, 2016, Garmin filed its petition for review of the abovementioned Final Determination
with the Federal Circuit. Garmin is seeking review of all issues appealable in the case. 
Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our
operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit.    

   


 
       30   
       
     

   

 In the Matter of
Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Devices, Including Downscan and Sidescan Devices, Products Containing the Same, and Components Thereof 

   

 On June 9, 2014 Navico Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed a complaint with the United States International
Trade Commission (“ITC”) against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin
(Asia) Corporation (collectively “Garmin”) alleging a violation of Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended,
through alleged infringement by Garmin of U.S. Patents 8,300,499 (“the ’499 patent”); 8,305,840 (“the ’840
patent”); and 8,605,550 (“the ’550 patent”). On July 9, 2014 the ITC instituted an investigation pursuant
to the complaint. Garmin believes that each asserted claim of the ‘499 patent, the ‘840 patent, and the ‘550
patent is invalid and/or not infringed. A trial hearing before the Administrative Law Judge was held on March 18 through March
24, 2015. The Administrative Law Judge issued his initial determination on July 2, 2015 finding that the asserted claims of the
‘840, ‘499 and ‘550 patents are valid but that there is no infringement by Garmin of the ‘840 patent, the
‘499 patent or the ‘550 patent.  On December 1, 2015 the ITC issued a Final Determination finding that most of
the asserted claims of the ‘840, ‘499 and ‘550 patents are valid and that there is no infringement by Garmin
of the ‘499 patent but that there is infringement by Garmin of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents. The ITC held that claims
1, 7, 12, 13, and 57 of the ‘550 patent were invalid as obvious.  The ITC issued a limited exclusion order prohibiting
the import into the U.S. of infringing products and a cease and desist order prohibiting certain domestic activities relating to
the infringing products. On January 27, 2016, Navico filed a petition for review of the ITC’s Final Determination in the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the “Federal Circuit”). On February 10, 2016, Garmin filed with the
Federal Circuit: (i) a motion to intervene in Navico's appeal, and (ii) a petition for review of the abovementioned Final Determination.
Garmin is seeking review of all issues appealable in the case, including the portions of the Final Determination finding infringement
of the ’840 and ’550 patents.  Although there
can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit     

   

 Johnson Outdoors
Inc. and Johnson Outdoors Marine Electronics, Inc. v.  Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc. and Garmin USA,
Inc. 

   

 On July 17, 2014, Johnson
Outdoors Inc. and Johnson Outdoors Marine Electronics Inc. filed suit in the United States District Court for the Middle District
of Alabama, Northern Division, against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively,
“Garmin “) alleging infringement of U.S. Patents 7,652,952 (“the ’952 patent”); 7,710,825 (“the
’825 patent”); and 7,755,974 (“the ’974 patent”). On August 15, 2014, Garmin filed an answer. 
On October 17, 2014, Garmin filed an amended answer. In its amended answer Garmin asserts that each asserted claim of the ‘952
patent, the ‘825 patent and the ‘974 patent is invalid and/or not infringed and, in addition, that the ’952,
’825, and ’974 patents are unenforceable under the doctrine of inequitable conduct, and that Johnson Outdoors’
claims are barred in whole or in part by the doctrines of prosecution history estoppel and/or prosecution disclaimer  and
Garmin seeks treble damages against Johnson Outdoors for antitrust violations under Section 2 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §
2.  On May 12, 2015, pursuant to an agreement between the parties, the court entered an order staying this lawsuit until there
is a final decision in the ITC investigation described above under  In the Matter of Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Systems, Products
Containing the Same and Components Thereof  including any Federal Circuit appeals but not including any Supreme Court petitions
or appeals. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse
effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit
and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   


 
       31   
       
     

   

 Andrea Katz, on behalf of herself and
all others similarly situated, v. Garmin Ltd. and Garmin International, Inc.  

   

 On December 18, 2013,
a purported class action lawsuit was filed against Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois.  The lead plaintiff was Andrea Katz, on behalf of herself and all others similarly situated. 
The class of plaintiffs that Andrea Katz purported to represent includes all individuals who purchased any model of Forerunner
watch in the State of Illinois and the United States. Plaintiff asserted claims for breach of contract, breach of express warranty,
breach of implied warranties, negligence, negligent misrepresentation, and violations of Illinois statutory law. Plaintiff alleged
that Forerunner watch bands have an unacceptable rate of failure in that they detach from the watch. Plaintiff sought compensatory
and punitive damages, prejudgment interest, costs, and attorneys’ fees, and injunctive relief. On January 29, 2014 the court
dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. On January 30, 2014, the plaintiff re-filed the lawsuit with the same claims for relief
as the earlier action and adding an additional claim for unjust enrichment.  On February 4, 2014, the court ordered the case
to be transferred to the United States District Court for the District of Utah.  The plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the case
filed in Illinois and, on March 6, 2014, she refiled the lawsuit in the District Court for the District of Utah with the same claims,
but with additional claims for violations of the Utah Consumers Sales Practice Act, Lanham Act, and Utah Truth in Advertising Act. 
The relief she requested is the same.  On March 31, 2014, Garmin filed a motion to transfer the venue of the Utah action back
to the Northern District of Illinois.  On October 21, 2014, the United States District Court for the District of Utah denied
Garmin’s motion to transfer venue. On December 26, 2014, Garmin filed a motion to dismiss certain counts of the complaint.
On April 16, 2015 the court granted Garmin’s motion in part and dismissed with prejudice (i) Mr. Katz’s (but not Mrs.
Katz’s) claim for breach of the implied warranty of merchantability, (ii) the plaintiffs’ Lanham Act claim, (iii) the
plaintiffs’ negligence claim and (iv) the plaintiffs’ negligent misrepresentation claim. No class has been certified
at this time.  Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material
adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without
merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 Brian Meyers, on
behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, v. Garmin International, Inc. Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. 

   

 On August 13, 2013,
Brian Meyers filed a putative class action complaint against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. in the
United States District Court for the District of Kansas. Meyers alleges that lithium-ion batteries in certain Garmin products are
defective and alleges violations of the Kansas Consumer Protection Act, breach of an implied warranty of merchantability, breach
of contract, unjust enrichment, breach of express warranty and also requests declaratory relief that the batteries are defective
and must be covered by Garmin’s warranties. The complaint seeks an order for class certification, a declaration that the
batteries are defective, an order of injunctive relief, payment of damages in an unspecified amount on behalf of a putative class
of all purchasers of certain Garmin products, and an award of attorneys’ fees. On September 18, 2013 the plaintiff voluntarily
dismissed Garmin Ltd. as a defendant without prejudice. On October 18, 2013 the plaintiff filed an amended class action complaint.
On November 1, 2013 the remaining Garmin defendants filed a motion to dismiss all counts of the complaint for failure to state
a claim on which relief can be granted. On January 24, 2014, the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part and denied it in part,
dismissing the count for declaratory relief and the prayer for a declaration that the batteries are defective, but allowing
the case to proceed on other substantive counts. On March 17, 2015, the plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a second amended
complaint, and plaintiff filed his second amended complaint that same day. On April 7, 2015, Garmin filed an opposition to plaintiff’s
motion for leave to file a second amended complaint. On April 28, 2015 the court granted plaintiff’s motion for leave to
file a second amended complaint.  On May 11, 2015 the plaintiff filed a motion for class certification. On July 10, 2015 Garmin
filed its opposition to the motion for class certification. On September 11, 2015, the plaintiff filed a reply to Garmin’s
opposition to the motion for class certification. On September 24, 2015, Garmin filed a motion for leave to file a surreply.  No
class has been certified at this time, and Garmin believes that its defenses to Plaintiff’s motion for class certification
are meritorious and that no class will be certified. On November 24, 2015 Garmin filed a motion for summary judgment. On December
15, 2015 the plaintiff filed his opposition to Garmin’s summary judgment motion and on December 30, 2015 Garmin filed its
reply in support of its motion for summary judgment.  Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this
litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes
that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action.  

   


 
       32   
       
     

 

   

 Navico Inc. And Navico Holding AS v. Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc.  

   

 On June 4, 2014 Navico
Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed suit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma against Garmin
International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. alleging infringement of  U.S. Patents 8,300,499 (“the ’499 patent”);
8,305,840 (“the ’840 patent”); and 8,605,550 (“the ’550 patent”). On October 21, 2014, Garmin
filed its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the ‘499, ‘840, and ‘550 patents is invalid and/or not
infringed. On September 30, 2015, the court held a hearing on claim construction and the parties await the court’s claim
construction order. On December 4, 2015 Garmin filed a motion for summary judgment of invalidity on the basis that the asserted
claims of the‘840 and ‘550 patents are invalid for failure to comply with the definiteness requirements of 35 U.S.S.
§112 and that the asserted claims of ‘840 and ‘550 patents are also invalid for failure to comply with the written
description requirement of 35 U.S.C. §112 and for summary judgment of non-infringement on the basis that there is no infringement
by Garmin of the asserted claims of the ‘499 patent. Garmin also filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement
of all asserted patents for its second generation DownVu sonar design.  On December 4, 2015 Navico filed a motion for partial
summary judgment of infringement on the basis that Garmin infringes certain claims of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents, and
for summary judgment of validity on the basis that the asserted claims of the ‘840 patent are not anticipated by certain
prior art references and that the asserted claims of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents include an adequate written description.
On January 15, 2016 the court issued an order staying this lawsuit pending the final determination of any appeal filed with the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit concerning the final determination of the United States International Trade Commission
in  In the Matter of Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Devices, Including Downscan and Sidescan Devices, Products Containing the Same,
and Components Thereof.    Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would
not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit. 

   

 Pioneer Corporation
v. Iiyonet Inc.  

   

 On October 2, 2014,
Pioneer Corporation filed suit in the Tokyo District Court in Japan against Iiyonet Inc. alleging certain Garmin consumer products
infringe Japanese Patent No. 3,442,138 (the ‘138 patent).  Iiyonet Inc. is the Garmin distributor in Japan for its consumer
products.  Garmin intervened in this action on December 19, 2014, and has filed an answer asserting that the asserted claim
of the ‘138 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. On February 25, 2015, Garmin filed a request for Trial of Invalidation
for the ‘138 patent before the Japanese Patent Office.  Preparatory oral arguments were held before the Tokyo District
Court on March 9, 2015.  A second round of preparatory oral arguments was held before the Tokyo District Court on May 21,
2015.  The parties filed multiple rounds of preparatory documents with the Tokyo District Court between May 21, 2015, and
November 30, 2015.  On October 9, 2015, the Japanese Patent Office issued an Advanced Notice of Trial Decision finding that
Pioneer’s asserted claims are invalid as overbroad but not invalid due to novelty or inventive step. On December 8, 2015
the seventh round of oral arguments was held before the Tokyo District Court. The next round of oral arguments is scheduled for
February 16, 2016. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material
adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without
merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   


 
       33   
       
     

   

 Visteon Global Technologies,
Inc. and Visteon Technologies LLC v. Garmin International, Inc.  

   

 On February 10, 2010,
Visteon Global Technologies, Inc. and Visteon Technologies LLC filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan, Southern Division, against Garmin International, Inc. alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,544,060 (“the
‘060 patent”), U.S. Patent No. 5,654,892 (“the ‘892 patent”), U.S. Patent No. 5,832,408 (“the
‘408 patent”), U.S. Patent No 5,987,375 (“the ‘375 patent”) and U.S. Patent No 6,097,316 (“the
‘316 patent”). On May 17, 2010, Garmin filed its answer asserting that each claim of the ‘060 patent, the ‘892
patent, the ‘408 patent and the ‘375 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. On April 12, 2011, the special master
appointed by the court held a claim construction hearing. On December 12, 2011, the court issued an order adopting the special
master’s report construing the claims of the patents-in-suit. On September 14, 2012, Garmin filed with the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office petitions for  ex parte  reexamination of the ‘408 patent and the ‘060 patent as being anticipated
and obvious in view of the prior art. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office subsequently granted Garmin’s requests for  ex
parte  reexaminations and initially rejected all identified claims.  On April 15, 2013, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
issued a reexamination certificate confirming the patentability of the challenged claims of the ‘060 patent.  On September
16, 2013, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued a first reexamination certification canceling some of the challenged claims
of the ‘408 patent and confirming the patentability of other claims.  On November 30, 2012, Garmin filed motions for
summary judgment of non-infringement and/or invalidity for the ‘892, ‘316, and ‘375 patents.  Visteon filed
its own motions for summary judgment of infringement of the ‘408 patent and validity, under section 112, of the ‘375
and ‘060 patents.  On February 4, 2013, the summary judgment motions were referred to the special master for consideration. 
On May 23, 2014 the special master held a hearing on the summary judgment motions. Prior to the hearing Visteon dropped its claim
that Garmin infringes the ‘316 patent. On September 17, 2014, the special master issued a report recommending that Garmin’s
motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the ‘375 patent be granted, Visteon’s motion for summary judgment
of validity under section 112 of the ‘375 and ‘060 patents be granted, and that all other motions for summary judgment
be denied.  On March 18, 2015, the court issued an order granting Garmin’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement
of the ‘375 patent, denying Visteon’s motion for summary judgment as to the ‘408 patent, rejecting the Special
Master’s recommendation to grant Visteon’s motion for summary judgment as to the Garmin’s Section 112 defenses
and denying Visteon’s motion for summary judgment as to Garmin’s Section 112 defenses, denying Garmin’s motion
for summary judgment as to the ‘892 patent and dismissing as withdrawn Visteon’s claim of infringement of the ‘316
patent,    On November 21, 2014, Garmin filed a second request for ex parte reexamination of the ‘408 patent. 
On March 23, 2015, the U.S. Patent Office issued a non-final office action finding the challenged claims of the ‘408 patent
to be invalid and/or obvious in view of the prior art.  On August 18, 2015, the U.S. Patent Office issued a final rejection
finding claim 6 to be invalid but finding claims 4-5 to be patentable.  On December 18, 2015, Visteon appealed the final rejection
of claim 6.  The court held a pretrial conference on September 28, 2015.  At the pretrial conference, the court referred
all pending motions to the special master for consideration.  No trial date has yet been set nor has any date been set for
the special master’s review.  Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would
not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 In the normal course
of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, actions, and complaints, including matters involving
patent infringement, other intellectual property, product liability, customer claims and various other risks. It is not possible
to predict with certainty whether or not the Company and its subsidiaries will ultimately be successful in any of these legal matters,
or if not, what the impact might be. However, the Company’s management does not expect that the results in any of these legal
proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

   

 The Company settled or resolved certain matters during the fiscal year ended December 26, 2015 that did
not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

   

 None. 

   


 
       34   
       
     

   

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

   

 Pursuant to General
Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and instruction 3 to paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, the following list is included
as an unnumbered Item in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in lieu of being included in the Company’s Definitive
Proxy Statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 10, 2016. 

   

 Dr. Min H. Kao ,
age 67, has served as Executive Chairman of Garmin Ltd. since January 2013 and was previously Chairman of Garmin Ltd. from August
2004 to December 2012 and Co-Chairman of Garmin Ltd. from August 2000 to August 2004. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Garmin
Ltd. from August 2002 to December 2012 and previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2000 to August 2002. Dr.
Kao served as a director and officer of various subsidiaries of the Company from August 1990 until January 2013. Dr. Kao holds
Ph.D. and MS degrees in Electrical Engineering from the University of Tennessee and a BS degree in Electrical Engineering from
National Taiwan University. 

   

 Clifton A. Pemble ,
age 50, has served as a director of Garmin Ltd. since August 2004. He has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Garmin
Ltd. since January 2013. Previously, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Garmin Ltd. from October 2007 to December
2012. Previously, he was Vice President, Engineering of Garmin International, Inc. from 2005 to October 2007, Director of Engineering
of Garmin International, Inc. from 2003 to 2005, and Software Engineering Manager of Garmin International, Inc. from 1995 to 2002
and a Software Engineer with Garmin International, Inc. from 1989 to 1995. Mr. Pemble has served as a director and officer of various
Garmin subsidiaries since August 2003. Mr. Pemble holds BA degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science from MidAmerica Nazarene
University. 

   

 Douglas G. Boessen ,
age 53, has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Garmin Ltd. since July 2014. He previously served as Chief Financial
Officer of EiKO Global, LLC from September 2013 to May 2014, as well as Collective Brands, Inc. from November 1997 to November
2012. Mr. Boessen has served as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since July 2014. Mr. Boessen is a certified
public accountant and holds a BS degree in Business from the University of Central Missouri and is a graduate of the executive
development program at Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 

   

 Andrew R. Etkind ,
age 60, has served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Garmin Ltd. since June 2009. He was previously General Counsel
and Secretary of Garmin Ltd. from August 2000 to June 2009. He has been Vice President and General Counsel of Garmin International,
Inc. since July 2007, General Counsel since February 1998, and Secretary since October 1998. Mr. Etkind has served as a director
and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since December 2001. Mr. Etkind holds BA, MA and LLM degrees from Cambridge University,
England and a JD degree from the University of Michigan Law School. 

   

 All executive officers
are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors. None of the executive officers have an employment
agreement with the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings between the executive officers and any other person pursuant
to which he or she was or is to be selected as an officer. There is no family relationship among any of the executive officers.
Dr. Min H. Kao is the brother of Ruey-Jeng Kao, who is a supervisor of Garmin Corporation, Garmin’s Taiwan subsidiary, who
serves as an ex-officio member of Garmin Corporation’s Board of Directors. 

   


 
       35   
       
     

   

 PART II 

   

 Item 5. Market for the Company’s Common Shares, Related
Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   

 Garmin’s common
shares have traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “GRMN” since its initial public offering on December
8, 2000 (the “IPO”). As of January 25, 2016, there were 188 shareholders of record. 

   

 The high and low sales
prices of Garmin’s common shares as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market for each fiscal quarter of fiscal years 2015 and
2014 was as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26, 2015     
     December 27, 2014   
 
         
     High     
     Low     
     High     
     Low   
 
     First Quarter   
     $ 56.81     
     $ 47.47     
     $ 56.02     
     $ 43.63   
 
     Second Quarter   
     $ 48.13     
     $ 44.21     
     $ 61.24     
     $ 54.24   
 
     Third Quarter   
     $ 46.40     
     $ 35.45     
     $ 61.69     
     $ 50.75   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 38.27     
     $ 32.28     
     $ 59.63     
     $ 49.35   
 

   

 On June 5, 2015, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $2.04 per share out of Garmin’s general reserves from capital contribution payable in
four equal installments. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2015   
     June 16, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     September 30, 2015   
     September 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     December 31, 2015   
     December 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     March 31, 2016   
     March 15, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 

   

 The Company paid the
2015 dividends in accordance with the schedule above and expects to pay the March 31, 2016 dividend. In addition, Garmin currently
expects to pay a quarterly cash dividend in the remaining three quarters of 2016. The decision of whether to pay a dividend and
the amount of the dividend will be voted on by the Company’s shareholders as required by Swiss law. 

   

 On June 6, 2014, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $1.92 per share (of which $0.96 was paid in the Company’s 2014 fiscal year) payable in
four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2014   
     June 17, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     September 30, 2014   
     September 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     December 31, 2014   
     December 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     March 31, 2015   
     March 16, 2015   
     $ 0.48   
 

   


 
       36   
       
     

   

 The Board of Directors
approved a share repurchase program on February 13, 2015, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the Company’s
shares as market and business conditions warrant. The share repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2016. See Footnote
11 for additional information regarding the share repurchase plan. 

   

 

 
 
         
           
           
     Maximum Number of  Shares (or   
 
         
           
           
     Approx. Dollar Value of Shares   
 
         
     Total # of     
     Average Price     
     in Thousands) That May Yet Be   
 
     Period   
     Shares Purchased     
     Paid Per Share     
     Purchased Under the Plan   
 
     Sept 27 - Oct 24, 2015   
       383,110     
     $ 35.42     
     $ 178,374   
 
     Oct 25 - Nov 21, 2015   
       170,214     
     $ 35.75     
     $ 172,289   
 
     Nov 22 - Dec 26, 2015   
       101,188     
     $ 36.58     
     $ 168,587   
 
     Total   
       654,512     
     $ 35.68     
     $ 168,587   
 



 

   

 The Board of Directors
approved a share repurchase program on February 15, 2013, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the Company’s
shares as market and business conditions warrant. The share repurchase authorization expired on December 31, 2014. 

   

 We refer you to Item
12 of this report under the caption “Equity Compensation Plan Information” for certain equity plan information required
to be disclosed by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

   

 The following table
sets forth selected consolidated financial data of the Company. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 26,
2015 and December 27, 2014 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 26, 2015, December
27, 2014, and December 28, 2013 were derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements and the related
notes thereto which are included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as
of December 28, 2013, December 29, 2012, and December 31, 2011 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years
ended December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 were derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements,
not included herein. 

   

 The information set
forth below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations and should be read together with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and notes
to those statements included in Items 7 and 8 in Part II of this Form 10-K. 

   


 
       37   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Years ended (1)   
 
         
     Dec. 26, 2015     
     Dec. 27, 2014     
     Dec. 28, 2013     
     Dec. 29, 2012     
     Dec. 31, 2011 (2)   
 
         
     (in thousands, except per share data)   
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income Data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 2,820,270     
     $ 2,870,658     
     $ 2,631,851     
     $ 2,715,675     
     $ 2,758,569   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       1,281,566     
       1,266,246     
       1,224,551     
       1,277,195     
       1,419,977   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,538,704     
       1,604,412     
       1,407,300     
       1,438,480     
       1,338,592   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       167,166     
       146,633     
       112,905     
       138,757     
       145,024   
 
     Selling, general and administrative   
       394,914     
       372,032     
       355,440     
       369,790     
       341,217   
 
     Research and development   
       427,043     
       395,121     
       364,923     
       325,773     
       298,584   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       989,123     
       913,786     
       833,268     
       834,320     
       784,825   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
       549,581     
       690,626     
       574,032     
       604,160     
       553,767   
 
     Other income, net (3)(4)   
       17,606     
       33,119     
       79,526     
       20,368     
       30,394   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       567,187     
       723,745     
       653,558     
       624,528     
       584,161   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Income tax provision (5)(6)   
       110,960     
       359,534     
       41,146     
       82,125     
       63,265   
 
     Net income   
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403     
     $ 520,896   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net income per share:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13     
     $ 2.78     
     $ 2.68   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12     
     $ 2.76     
     $ 2.67   
 
     Weighted average common shares outstanding:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       190,631     
       193,106     
       195,411     
       194,909     
       194,105   
 
     Diluted   
       191,107     
       194,165     
       196,341     
       196,213     
       194,894   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared per share   
     $ 2.04     
     $ 1.92     
     $ 1.80     
     $ 1.80     
     $ 1.60   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Balance Sheet Data (at end of Period):   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 833,070     
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149     
     $ 1,231,180     
     $ 1,287,160   
 
     Marketable securities   
       1,558,548     
       1,575,333     
       1,651,968     
       1,641,395     
       1,208,155   
 
     Total assets   
       4,499,391     
       4,693,303     
       4,879,603     
       4,819,124     
       4,471,338   
 
     Total debt   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Total stockholders' equity   
       3,345,126     
       3,403,367     
       3,659,706     
       3,531,796     
       3,256,581   
 

   

 

   

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Our fiscal year-end is the last Saturday of the calendar year and does not always fall on December 31. All years presented contain 52 weeks excluding Fiscal 2011 which includes 53 weeks. 
 
     (2) 
     Includes a change in estimate for per unit revenue and cost deferrals. The increase to net sales, gross profit, net income, basic net income per share and diluted net income per share was $77.8 million, $66.5 million, $59.3 million, $0.31, and $0.30, respectively. 
 
     (3) 
     Other income, net mainly consists of gain and/or loss on sale of equity securities, interest income, interest expense, and foreign currency gain (loss) 
 
     (4) 
     Includes $23.5 million, $4.3
    million, $20.0 million, $12.1 million, foreign currency losses in 2015, 2014, 2012, and 2011 respectively, and $35.5 million
    foreign currency gain in 2013. 
 
     (5) 
     2014 – includes $72.9 million material income tax reserve release due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits partially offset by Swiss withholding tax expense due to the release of reserves; 2013 - includes $68.7 million material income tax reserve release due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits partially offset by Taiwan surtax expense due to the release of reserves 
 
     (6) 
     Includes a $307.6 million income tax expense in 2014 associated with our inter-company restructuring. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
   


 
       38   
       
     

   

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

   

 The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations focuses on and is intended to clarify the results of our operations,
certain changes in our financial position, liquidity, capital structure and business developments for the periods covered by the
consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. This discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified
by reference to, the other related information including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated financial statements (including
the notes thereto), the description of our business, all as set forth in this Form 10-K, as well as the risk factors discussed
above in Item 1A. 

   

 As previously noted,
the discussion set forth below, as well as other portions of this Form 10-K, contain statements concerning potential future events.
Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs as “expects,” “anticipates,”
“believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. If any of our assumptions on which the statements are based
prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, our actual results could materially differ from those anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including,
but not limited to, those discussed above in Item 1A. Readers are strongly encouraged to consider those factors when evaluating
any such forward-looking statement. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. 

   

 Garmin’s fiscal
year is a 52-53 week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 contained 52 weeks.
Unless otherwise stated, all years and dates refer to the Company’s fiscal year and fiscal periods. Unless the context otherwise
requires, references in this document to "we," "us," "our" and similar terms refer to Garmin Ltd.
and its subsidiaries. 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated,
dollar amounts set forth in the tables are in thousands, except per share data. 

   

 Overview 

   

 We are a leading worldwide
provider of navigation, communications and information devices, most of which are enabled by Global Positioning System, or GPS,
technology. We operate in five business segments, which serve the marine, outdoor, fitness, auto, and aviation markets. Our segments
offer products through our network of subsidiary distributors and independent dealers and distributors. However, the nature of
products and types of customers for the five segments can vary significantly. As such, the segments are managed separately. 

   

 Since our first products
were delivered in 1991, we have generated positive income from operations each year and have funded our growth from these profits. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

   

 General 

   

 Garmin’s discussion
and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon Garmin’s consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The presentation of
these financial statements requires Garmin to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, Garmin evaluates its
estimates, including those related to customer sales programs and incentives, product returns, bad debts, inventories, investments,
intangible assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, and contingencies and litigation. Garmin bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

   


 
       39   
       
     

    

 For information on each of the following
critical accounting policies and/or estimates, refer to the discussion in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as
indicated in the table below: 

   

 
 
     Revenue Recognition 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant
    Accounting Policies 
 
     Trade Accounts Receivable 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Loan Receivable 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Warranties 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Inventory 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Investments 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
    & Note 3 - Marketable Securities 
 
     Income Taxes 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
    & Note 6 - Income Taxes 
 
     Stock Based Compensation 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
    & Note 9 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 
   

 Accounting Terms and Characteristics 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 Our net sales are
primarily generated through sales to our retail partners, dealer and distributor network and to original equipment manufacturers.
Refer to the Revenue Recognition discussion in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   Our
sales are largely of a consumer nature; therefore, backlog levels are not necessarily indicative of our future sales results.
We aim to achieve a quick turnaround on orders we receive, and we typically ship most orders within 72 hours. 

   

 Net sales are subject
to seasonal fluctuation. Typically, sales of our consumer products are highest in the second quarter, due to increased demand
during the spring and summer season, and in the fourth quarter, due to increased demand during the holiday buying season. Our
aviation products do not experience much seasonal variation, but are more influenced by the timing of aircraft certifications
and the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest. 

   

 Cost
of Sales/Gross Profit 

   

 Raw material costs
are our most significant component of cost of goods sold. Our existing practice of performing the design and manufacture of our
products in-house has enabled us to source components from different suppliers and, where possible, to redesign our products to
leverage lower cost components. We believe that our flexible production model allows our Xizhi, Jhongli, and LinKou manufacturing
plants in Taiwan; Yangzhou, China; and our Olathe, Kansas, and Salem, Oregon manufacturing plants in the U.S. to experience relatively
low costs of manufacturing. In general, products manufactured in Taiwan have been our highest volume products. Our manufacturing
labor costs historically have been lower in Taiwan than in Olathe and Salem. The Yangzhou, China facility was opened in 2015. 

   

 Sales price variability
has had and can be expected to have an effect on our gross profit. In the past, prices of our devices sold into the auto market
have declined due to market pressures and introduction of new products sold at lower price points. In recent years, pricing has
stabilized in auto allowing for relatively stable gross margins excluding the impact of deferred revenues and costs. The average
selling prices of our aviation, outdoor, fitness, and marine products have historically been stable due to product mix and the
introduction of more advanced products sold at higher prices. In 2014 and 2015, fitness pricing declined due to high volumes of
lower-priced activity trackers. The effect of the sales price differences inherent within the mix of products sold could have
a significant impact on our gross profit. 

   

 Advertising Expense 

   

 Our advertising expenses
consist of costs for media advertising, cooperative advertising with our retail partners, point of sale displays, and sponsorships. 

   


 
       40   
       
     

   

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

   

 Our selling, general and administrative
expenses consist primarily of: 

   

 

 
 
       
     · 
     salaries for sales, marketing and product support personnel; 
 
       
     · 
     salaries and related costs for executives and administrative
    personnel; 
 
       
     · 
     marketing, and other brand building costs; 
 
       
     · 
     accounting and legal costs; 
 
       
     · 
     information systems and infrastructure costs; 
 
       
     · 
     travel and related costs; and 
 
       
     · 
     occupancy and other overhead costs. 
 


 

   

 Research and Development 

   

 The majority of our research and development costs represent salaries for our engineers, costs for high
technology components and costs of test equipment used in product and prototype development. 

   

 We are committed to
increasing the level of innovative design and development of new products as we strive for expanded ability to serve our existing
consumer and aviation markets as well as new markets for active lifestyle products. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 We have experienced a relatively low effective corporate tax rate due to the proportion of our revenue
generated by entities in tax jurisdictions with low statutory rates. In particular, the profit entitlement afforded our Swiss-based
companies based on their intellectual property rights ownership of our consumer products along with tax incentives offered by the
Taiwanese government on certain high-technology capital investments have contributed to our relatively low effective corporate
tax rate.  

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 The following table
sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of net sales during the periods shown (the table may not foot due to rounding): 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Years Ended   
 
         
     Dec. 26,     
     Dec. 27,     
     Dec. 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net sales   
       100 %   
       100 %   
       100 % 
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       45 %   
     44 %   
       47 % 
 
     Gross profit   
       55 %   
       56 %   
       53 % 
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
           
 
     Advertising   
       6 %   
       5 %   
       4 % 
 
     Selling, general and administrative   
       14 %   
       13 %   
       14 % 
 
     Research and development   
     15 %   
     14 %   
       14 % 
 
     Total operating expenses   
     35 %   
       32 %   
       32 % 
 
     Operating income   
     19 %   
       24 %   
       22 % 
 
     Other income, net   
     1 %   
     1 %   
       3 % 
 
     Income before income taxes   
       20 %   
     25 %   
       25 % 
 
     Provision for income taxes   
     4 %   
       13 %   
       2 % 
 
     Net income   
     16 %   
     13 %   
     23 % 
 

   


 
       41   
       
     

   

 The following table sets forth our results of operations through operating income for each of our five
segments during the period shown. For each line item in the table the total of the segments’ amounts equals the amount in
the consolidated statements of income data included in Item 6. 

   

 
 
     Fiscal year ended December 26, 2015   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 425,150     
     $ 661,599     
     $ 286,778     
     $ 1,048,125     
     $ 398,618   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       165,261     
       295,460     
       128,285     
       588,656     
       103,904   
 
     Gross profit   
       259,889     
       366,139     
       158,493     
       459,469     
       294,714   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       24,655     
       79,737     
       16,106     
       40,710     
       5,958   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       58,013     
       97,809     
       60,834     
       153,270     
       24,988   
 
     Research and development expense   
       37,021     
       54,019     
       52,942     
       130,550     
       152,511   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       119,689     
       231,565     
       129,882     
       324,530     
       183,457   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
     $ 140,200     
     $ 134,574     
     $ 28,611     
     $ 134,939     
     $ 111,257   
 


   

 
 
     Fiscal year ended December 27, 2014   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 427,555     
     $ 568,440     
     $ 248,371     
     $ 1,240,377     
     $ 385,915   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       161,005     
       210,153     
       118,661     
       670,925     
       105,502   
 
     Gross profit   
       266,550     
       358,287     
       129,710     
       569,452     
       280,413   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       28,650     
       52,606     
       12,353     
       46,245     
       6,779   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       57,098     
       75,747     
       42,975     
       172,754     
       23,458   
 
     Research and development expense   
       29,747     
       39,252     
       48,150     
       134,774     
       143,198   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       115,495     
       167,605     
       103,478     
       353,773     
       173,435   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
     $ 151,055     
     $ 190,682     
     $ 26,232     
     $ 215,679     
     $ 106,978   
 


   

 
 
     Fiscal year ended December 28, 2013   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 410,989     
     $ 356,283     
     $ 222,928     
     $ 1,302,314     
     $ 339,337   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       148,460     
       133,358     
       107,837     
       737,231     
       97,665   
 
     Gross profit   
       262,529     
       222,925     
       115,091     
       565,083     
       241,672   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       19,805     
       24,153     
       11,435     
       52,478     
       5,034   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       59,058     
       50,765     
       38,578     
       187,449     
       19,590   
 
     Research and development expense   
       24,469     
       27,757     
       46,585     
       136,639     
       129,473   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       103,332     
       102,675     
       96,598     
       376,566     
       154,097   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
     $ 159,197     
     $ 120,250     
     $ 18,493     
     $ 188,517     
     $ 87,575   
 

   


 
       42   
       
     

   

 Comparison of 52-Weeks Ended December 26, 2015 and December
27, 2014 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 425,150     
       15 %   
     $ 427,555     
       15 %   
     $ (2,405 )   
       -1 % 
 
     Fitness   
       661,599     
       24 %   
       568,440     
       20 %   
       93,159     
       16 % 
 
     Marine   
       286,778     
       10 %   
       248,371     
       9 %   
       38,407     
       15 % 
 
     Auto   
       1,048,125     
       37 %   
       1,240,377     
       43 %   
       (192,252 )   
       -15 % 
 
     Aviation   
       398,618     
       14 %   
       385,915     
       13 %   
       12,703     
       3 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 2,820,270     
       100 %   
     $ 2,870,658     
       100 %   
     $ (50,388 )   
       -2 % 
 

   

 Net sales decreased
2% in 2015 when compared to the year-ago period. All segments, excluding aviation, were impacted by revenues denominated in currencies
that have weakened against the U.S. Dollar. In total, it is estimated that the strong U.S. Dollar reduced revenues by approximately
$189 million, which represents 6% of revenue. Auto revenue remains the largest portion of our revenue mix at 37% in the fiscal
year 2015 compared to 43% in the fiscal year 2014. 

   

 Total unit sales increased
7% to 16.2 million units in 2015 from 15.1 million units in 2014. The increase in unit sales volume was attributable to fitness
and marine volumes partially offset by declines in each of the other segments. 

   

 Auto segment revenue
decreased 15% from the year-ago period, as both the contribution of amortization of previously deferred revenue declined when
compared to 2014 and volumes declined. Fitness revenues increased 16% on the strength of our wearables portfolio. Aviation revenues
increased 3% from the year-ago period as market share gains were partially offset by industry weakness. Outdoor revenues decreased
1% from the year-ago period due to geographic exposure to weak currencies and maturing product categories largely offset by the
strength of outdoor wearables. Revenues in our marine segment increased 15% as the release of new marine products drove strong
revenue growth. 

   

 The Company anticipates
revenue of approximately $2.82 billion in 2016 driven by growth in the outdoor, fitness, aviation and marine segments offset by
ongoing declines in the auto segment. In general, management believes that continuous innovation and the introduction of new products
are essential for future revenue growth. 

   

 Cost of Goods
Sold 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 165,261     
       39 %   
     $ 161,005     
       38 %   
     $ 4,256     
       3 % 
 
     Fitness   
       295,460     
       45 %   
       210,153     
       37 %   
       85,307     
       41 % 
 
     Marine   
       128,285     
       45 %   
       118,661     
       48 %   
       9,624     
       8 % 
 
     Auto   
       588,656     
       56 %   
       670,925     
       54 %   
       (82,269 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       103,904     
       26 %   
       105,502     
       27 %   
       (1,598 )   
       -2 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,281,566     
       45 %   
     $ 1,266,246     
       44 %   
     $ 15,320     
       1 % 
 

   

 Cost of goods sold
increased 1% in absolute dollars for fiscal year 2015 when compared to fiscal year 2014. Cost of goods as a percentage of revenue
increased in part due to a stronger U.S. Dollar that created downward pressure on revenue in all segments excluding aviation as
discussed above. 

   

 In the auto segment,
the cost of goods decline was largely consistent with the segment revenue decline. In the fitness segment, the cost of goods increase
outpaced revenue growth due to product mix and competitive pricing dynamics. The cost of goods increases in marine are due to
increased sales of higher margin products. Aviation cost of goods was lower due to product mix. 

   


 
       43   
       
     

   

 Management believes
that cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales will be relatively consistent in 2016. 

   

 Gross Profit 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 259,889     
       61 %   
     $ 266,550     
       62 %   
     $ (6,661 )   
       -2 % 
 
     Fitness   
       366,139     
       55 %   
       358,287     
       63 %   
       7,852     
       2 % 
 
     Marine   
       158,493     
       55 %   
       129,710     
       52 %   
       28,783     
       22 % 
 
     Auto   
       459,469     
       44 %   
       569,452     
       46 %   
       (109,983 )   
       -19 % 
 
     Aviation   
       294,714     
       74 %   
       280,413     
       73 %   
       14,301     
       5 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,538,704     
       55 %   
     $ 1,604,412     
       56 %   
     $ (65,708 )   
       -4 % 
 

    

 Gross profit dollars
in fiscal year 2015 decreased 4% while gross profit margin decreased 130 basis points compared to fiscal year 2014 with all segments
declining, excluding marine and aviation. Segment specific gross margin drivers are discussed above. 

   

 Management believes that total company gross margins will be relatively consistent in 2016. 

   

 

 Advertising Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
         
 
         
     Advertising     
           
     Advertising     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 24,655     
       6 %   
     $ 28,650     
       7 %   
     $ (3,995 )   
       -14 % 
 
     Fitness   
       79,737     
       12 %   
       52,606     
       9 %   
       27,131     
       52 % 
 
     Marine   
       16,106     
       6 %   
       12,353     
       5 %   
       3,753     
       30 % 
 
     Auto   
       40,710     
       4 %   
       46,245     
       4 %   
       (5,535 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       5,958     
       1 %   
       6,779     
       2 %   
       (821 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 167,166     
     6 %   
     $ 146,633     
       5 %   
     $ 20,533     
       14 % 
 

   

 Advertising expense
increased 14% in absolute dollars while increasing 80 basis points as a percent of revenues. The increase in absolute dollars
occurred in fitness and marine to support new product introductions with increased media spend, point of sale presence at key
retailers and cooperative advertising. This was partially offset by decreased spending in auto due to reduced cooperative advertising
associated with lower volumes and in outdoor due to fewer new product categories. 

   

 Management expects advertising expense in absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales to be relatively
flat in 2016. 

   

 

 Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
         
 
         
     Selling, General &     
           
     Selling, General &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 58,013     
       14 %   
     $ 57,098     
       13 %   
     $ 915     
       2 % 
 
     Fitness   
       97,809     
       15 %   
       75,747     
       13 %   
       22,062     
       29 % 
 
     Marine   
       60,834     
       21 %   
       42,975     
       17 %   
       17,859     
       42 % 
 
     Auto   
       153,270     
       15 %   
       172,754     
       14 %   
       (19,484 )   
       -11 % 
 
     Aviation   
       24,988     
       6 %   
       23,458     
       6 %   
       1,530     
       7 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 394,914     
       14 %   
     $ 372,032     
       13 %   
     $ 22,882     
       6 % 
 

     

 Selling, general and
administrative expense increased 6% in absolute dollars and 100 basis points as a percent of revenues compared to fiscal year
2014. The absolute dollar increase is primarily related to litigation related costs, information technology costs and product
support. Variances by segment are primarily due to the allocation of certain selling, general and administrative expenses based
on percentage of total revenues. Marine expense growth exceeded other segments due to specific litigation matters. 

   




 

 
       44   
       
     

   

 Management expects
selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales in 2016 due primarily
to acquisitions. 

   

 

 Research and Development Expense 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
         
 
         
     Research &     
           
     Research &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 37,021     
       9 %   
     $ 29,747     
       7 %   
     $ 7,274     
       24 % 
 
     Fitness   
       54,019     
       8 %   
       39,252     
       7 %   
       14,767     
       38 % 
 
     Marine   
       52,942     
       18 %   
       48,150     
       19 %   
       4,792     
       10 % 
 
     Auto   
       130,550     
       12 %   
       134,774     
       11 %   
       (4,224 )   
       -3 % 
 
     Aviation   
       152,511     
       38 %   
       143,198     
       37 %   
       9,313     
       7 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 427,043     
       15 %   
     $ 395,121     
       14 %   
     $ 31,922     
       8 % 
 

   

 Research and development
expense increased 8% due to ongoing development activities for new products and additional engineering personnel throughout fiscal
year 2015. In absolute dollars, research and development costs increased $31.9 million when compared with fiscal year 2014 and
increased 140 basis points as a percent of revenue. Our research and development spending is focused on product development, improving
existing software capabilities, and exploring new categories. 

   

 Management believes
that one of the key strategic initiatives for future growth and success of Garmin is continuous innovation, development, and introduction
of new products. Management expects that its research and development expenses will increase during fiscal 2016 on an absolute
dollar basis and as a percent of revenue in order to deliver innovative new products and technologies. 

   

 

 Operating Income 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 140,200     
       33 %   
     $ 151,055     
       35 %   
     $ (10,855 )   
       -7 % 
 
     Fitness   
       134,574     
       20 %   
       190,682     
       34 %   
       (56,108 )   
       -29 % 
 
     Marine   
       28,611     
       10 %   
       26,232     
       11 %   
       2,379     
       9 % 
 
     Auto   
       134,939     
       13 %   
       215,679     
       17 %   
       (80,740 )   
       -37 % 
 
     Aviation   
       111,257     
       28 %   
       106,978     
       28 %   
       4,279     
       4 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 549,581     
       19 %   
     $ 690,626     
       24 %   
     $ (141,045 )   
       -20 % 
 

   

 As a result of the
above, operating income decreased 20% in absolute dollars and 460 basis points as a percent of revenue when compared to the fiscal
year 2014. Declining gross margin percentages and increases in all operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, as discussed
above, contributed to the decline. 

   

 Other Income (Expense) 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     December 26, 2015     
     December 27, 2014   
 
     Interest Income   
     $ 29,653     
     $ 35,584   
 
     Foreign Currency gains (losses)   
       (23,465 )   
       (4,299 ) 
 
     Other   
       11,418     
       1,834   
 
     Total   
     $ 17,606     
     $ 33,119   
 

   


 
       45   
       
     

   

 The average return
on cash and investments during the fiscal years of 2015 and 2014 were 1.2% and 1.3%, respectively. The decrease in interest income
is attributable to decreasing cash and investment balances and a slight decrease in the interest rates. 

   

 Foreign currency gains
and losses for the Company are primarily tied to movements by the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro, and the British Pound Sterling in relation
to the U.S. Dollar. The Taiwan Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation. The U.S. Dollar remains the functional
currency of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. The Euro is the functional currency of most European subsidiaries. As these entities have grown,
currency fluctuations can generate material gains and losses. The majority of the Company’s consolidated foreign currency
gain or loss results from the significant cash and marketable securities, receivables and payables held in a currency other than
the functional currency at one of the Company’s subsidiaries. Additionally, Euro-based inter-company transactions can also
generate currency gains and losses. Due to the relative size of the entities using a functional currency other than the Taiwan
Dollar, the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations related to these entities are not expected to have a material
impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 The majority of the
$23.5 million currency loss in the fiscal year 2015 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro. The
strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar contributed an offsetting gain. The movements of the Taiwan Dollar
and Euro have offsetting impacts when the currencies move congruently against the U.S. Dollar due to the use of the Taiwan Dollar
for manufacturing costs and cash held in non-functional currency while the Euro transactions relate primarily to revenue. During
fiscal year 2015, the U.S. Dollar strengthened 10.0% compared to the Euro resulting in a net loss of $31.2 million. This was largely
offset as the U.S. Dollar strengthened 3.8% compared to the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a gain of $19.5 million. The remaining
net currency loss of $11.8 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 

   

 The majority of the
$4.3 million currency loss in the fiscal year 2014 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and the
British Pound Sterling. The strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar contributed an offsetting gain. During
fiscal year 2014, the U.S. Dollar strengthened 11.4% compared to the Euro and 5.5% compared to the British Pound Sterling resulting
in a net loss of $43.7 million. This was more than offset as the U.S. Dollar strengthened 5.5% compared to the Taiwan Dollar resulting
in a gain of $44.8 million. The remaining net currency loss of $5.4 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 

   

 During fiscal year
2015, Garmin recorded other income of $11.4 million. This income was primarily due to a legal settlement received during the year
and a gain on the disposal of property. 

   

 Income Tax Provision 

   

 Our income tax expense
decreased by $248.6 million, to $111.0 million for the fiscal year 2015, from $359.5 million for the fiscal year 2014.  Contributing
to the significant decrease was: 

   

 
 · tax
                                         expense of $307.6 million in 2014 associated with the inter-company restructuring discussed
                                         below, 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · release
                                         of uncertain tax position reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations
                                         or completion of tax audits of $7.3 million in fiscal year 2015 compared to releases
                                         of $83.9 million in fiscal year 2014.  

   

 In addition, the full year income mix
by tax jurisdiction for 2015 compared to 2014 is unfavorable resulting in an increased effective tax rate. 

   

 In
the third quarter of 2014, the Company initiated an inter-company restructuring that realigned our corporate entity structure. 
This change in corporate structure provides access to historical earnings that were previously permanently reinvested and allows
us to efficiently repatriate future earnings.  As a result of the change in corporate structure, Garmin recorded tax expense
of $307.6 million.    The first and second cash tax payments
of $78.1 million and $182.8 million associated with the restructuring were made in the third quarter of 2014 and the second quarter
of 2015, respectively.  The remainder of the accrued tax will be paid incrementally as the cash is repatriated. 

   


 
       46   
       
     

   

 The Company expects the effective income tax rate
to be approximately 20.5% in 2016. 

   

 

 Net Income  

   

 As a result of the
various factors noted above, net income increased 25% to $456.2 million for the fiscal year 2015 compared to $364.2 million for
the fiscal year 2014. 

   

 Comparison of 52-Weeks Ended December 27, 2014 and December
28, 2013 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 427,555     
       15 %   
     $ 410,989     
       16 %   
     $ 16,566     
       4 % 
 
     Fitness   
       568,440     
       20 %   
       356,283     
       14 %   
       212,157     
       60 % 
 
     Marine   
       248,371     
       9 %   
       222,928     
       8 %   
       25,443     
       11 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       1,240,377     
       43 %   
       1,302,314     
       49 %   
       (61,937 )   
       -5 % 
 
     Aviation   
       385,915     
       13 %   
       339,337     
       13 %   
       46,578     
       14 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 2,870,658     
     100 %   
     $ 2,631,851     
     100 %   
     $ 238,807     
     9 % 
 

   

 Net sales increased
9% in 2014 when compared to the year-ago period. All segments, excluding auto, grew in the fiscal year 2014. Auto revenue remains
the largest portion of our revenue mix at 43% in the fiscal year 2014 compared to 49% in the fiscal year 2013. 

   

 Total unit sales increased
9% to 15.1 million units in 2014 from 13.9 million units in 2013. The increase in unit sales volume was attributable to growth
in all segments except auto which had volume decline due to penetration rates and competing technologies. 

   

 Auto segment revenue
decreased 5% from fiscal year 2013, as a 10% volume decline and slight average selling price (ASP) decline, were partially offset
by amortization of previously deferred revenue exceeding current period revenue deferrals and increased auto OEM contributions.
Revenues in our fitness segment increased 60% from fiscal year 2013 on the strength of wellness products first introduced in 2014,
and recent biking and running product introductions. Aviation revenues increased 14% from fiscal year 2013 as both OEM market
share gains and aftermarket strength contributed to growth. Outdoor revenues increased 4% from fiscal year 2013 primarily due
to strong sales of fēnix 2 and our lineup of dog tracking and training products, offset by declining sales of our handheld
products which serve a mature industry. Revenues in our marine segment increased 11% due to both the recent acquisition of Fusion
Electronics as well as new product introductions. This growth was partially offset by a competitive pricing environment in the
global marine electronics industry. 

   

 Cost of Goods
Sold 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 161,005     
       38 %   
     $ 148,460     
       36 %   
     $ 12,545     
       8 % 
 
     Fitness   
       210,153     
       37 %   
       133,358     
       37 %   
       76,795     
       58 % 
 
     Marine   
       118,661     
       48 %   
       107,837     
       48 %   
       10,824     
       10 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       670,925     
       54 %   
       737,231     
       57 %   
       (66,306 )   
       -9 % 
 
     Aviation   
       105,502     
       27 %   
       97,665     
       29 %   
       7,837     
       8 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,266,246     
     44 %   
     $ 1,224,551     
     47 %   
     $ 41,695     
     3 % 
 

   

 Cost of goods sold
increased 3% in absolute dollars for fiscal year 2014 when compared to fiscal year 2013. The increase was driven by growth in
all segments excluding auto. Fitness and marine cost of goods increased in-line with sales growth as described above with gross
margins stable year-over-year. Outdoor cost of goods increased due to sales growth with gross margin contraction driven by product
mix. 

   


 
       47   
       
     

   

 As a percentage of
revenue, cost of goods sold decreased 240 basis points from fiscal year 2013 with improvement or stability in each segment, excluding
outdoor as mentioned above. The auto cost of goods improvement as a percent of revenues was primarily due to benefit from the
amortization of previously deferred revenue and costs exceeding new deferrals on current period sales in 2014. Aviation margin
improvement was primarily due to increased contribution of software sales which carry a higher margin. 

   

 Gross Profit 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 266,550     
       62 %   
     $ 262,529     
       64 %   
     $ 4,021     
       2 % 
 
     Fitness   
       358,287     
       63 %   
       222,925     
       63 %   
       135,362     
       61 % 
 
     Marine   
       129,710     
       52 %   
       115,091     
       52 %   
       14,619     
       13 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       569,452     
       46 %   
       565,083     
       43 %   
       4,369     
       1 % 
 
     Aviation   
       280,413     
       73 %   
       241,672     
       71 %   
       38,741     
       16 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,604,412     
     56 %   
     $ 1,407,300     
     53 %   
     $ 197,112     
     14 % 
 

   

 Gross profit dollars
in fiscal year 2014 increased 14% while gross profit margin increased 240 basis points compared to fiscal year 2013 with all segments
stable or improving, excluding outdoor. The auto, fitness, marine and aviation segments recorded improved gross margins, as discussed
above. Outdoor gross profit margins declined, as discussed above. 

   

 Advertising Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
           
         
 
         
     Advertising     
           
     Advertising     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 28,650     
       7 %   
     $ 19,805     
       5 %   
     $ 8,845     
       45 % 
 
     Fitness   
       52,606     
       9 %   
       24,153     
       7 %   
       28,453     
       118 % 
 
     Marine   
       12,353     
       5 %   
       11,435     
       5 %   
       918     
       8 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       46,245     
       4 %   
       52,478     
       4 %   
       (6,233 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       6,779     
       2 %   
       5,034     
       1 %   
       1,745     
       35 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 146,633     
       5 %   
     $ 112,905     
       4 %   
     $ 33,728     
       30 % 
 

   

 Advertising expense
increased 30% in absolute dollars while increasing 80 basis points as a percent of revenues. The increase in absolute dollars
occurred primarily in outdoor and fitness to support new product introductions and was partially offset by decreased spending
in auto due to reduced cooperative advertising associated with lower volumes. Aviation advertising increased materially due to
increased cooperative advertising efforts with our dealers. 

   

 Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
           
         
 
         
     Selling, General &     
           
     Selling, General &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 57,098     
       13 %   
     $ 59,058     
       14 %   
     $ (1,960 )   
       -3 % 
 
     Fitness   
       75,747     
       13 %   
       50,765     
       14 %   
       24,982     
       49 % 
 
     Marine   
       42,975     
       17 %   
       38,578     
       17 %   
       4,397     
       11 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       172,754     
       14 %   
       187,449     
       14 %   
       (14,695 )   
       -8 % 
 
     Aviation   
       23,458     
       6 %   
       19,590     
       6 %   
       3,868     
       20 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 372,032     
       13 %   
     $ 355,440     
       14 %   
     $ 16,592     
       5 % 
 

   

 Selling, general and
administrative expense increased 5% in absolute dollars and declined 50 basis points as a percent of revenues compared to fiscal
year 2013. The absolute dollar increase is primarily related to product support, information technology costs and legal costs
specific to marine litigation. The aviation increase was primarily driven by product support costs. Other variances by segment,
excluding aviation, are primarily due to the allocation of certain selling, general and administrative expenses based on percentage
of total revenues. 

   


 
       48   
       
     

   

 Research and Development Expense 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
           
         
 
         
     Research &     
           
     Research &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 29,747     
       7 %   
     $ 24,469     
       6 %   
     $ 5,278     
       22 % 
 
     Fitness   
       39,252     
       7 %   
       27,757     
       8 %   
       11,495     
       41 % 
 
     Marine   
       48,150     
       19 %   
       46,585     
       21 %   
       1,565     
       3 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       134,774     
       11 %   
       136,639     
       10 %   
       (1,865 )   
       -1 % 
 
     Aviation   
       143,198     
       37 %   
       129,473     
       38 %   
       13,725     
       11 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 395,121     
       14 %   
     $ 364,923     
       14 %   
     $ 30,198     
       8 % 
 

   

 Research and development
expense increased 8% due to ongoing development activities for new products and the addition of over 200 new engineering personnel
to our staff since the fiscal year 2013. In absolute dollars, research and development costs increased $30.2 million when compared
with fiscal year 2013 and decreased 10 basis points as a percent of revenue. Fitness, outdoor and aviation increased to support
new product initiatives. Auto investment declined due to efforts to allocate research and development spending to areas with the
highest growth potential. 

   

 Operating Income 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 151,055     
       35 %   
     $ 159,197     
       39 %   
     $ (8,142 )   
       -5 % 
 
     Fitness   
       190,682     
       34 %   
       120,250     
       34 %   
       70,432     
       59 % 
 
     Marine   
       26,232     
       11 %   
       18,493     
       8 %   
       7,739     
       42 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       215,679     
       17 %   
       188,517     
       14 %   
       27,162     
       14 % 
 
     Aviation   
       106,978     
       28 %   
       87,575     
       26 %   
       19,403     
       22 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 690,626     
       24 %   
     $ 574,032     
       22 %   
     $ 116,594     
       20 % 
 

   

 As a result of the
above, operating income increased 20% in absolute dollars and 220 basis points as a percent of revenue when compared to the fiscal
year 2013. Revenue growth and an improving gross margin percentage, as discussed above, contributed to the growth. By segment
results are discussed above. 

   

 Other Income (Expense) 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     December 27, 2014     
     December 28, 2013   
 
     Interest Income   
     $ 35,584     
     $ 35,271   
 
     Foreign Currency gains (losses)   
       (4,299 )   
       35,538   
 
     Other   
       1,834     
       8,717   
 
     Total   
     $ 33,119     
     $ 79,526   
 

   

 The average return
on cash and investments during the fiscal years of 2014 and 2013 were 1.3% and 1.4%, respectively. The slight increase in interest
income was offset by fewer capital gains on investments in 2014, which is recorded as Other income. 

   


 
       49   
       
     

   

 The majority of the
$4.3 million currency loss in the fiscal year 2014 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and the
British Pound Sterling. The strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar contributed an offsetting gain. The
movements of the Taiwan Dollar and Euro/British Pound Sterling have offsetting impacts when the currencies move congruently against
the U.S. Dollar due to the use of the Taiwan Dollar for manufacturing costs and cash held in non-functional currency while the
Euro and British Pound Sterling transactions relate primarily to revenue. During fiscal year 2014, the U.S. Dollar strengthened
11.4% compared to the Euro and 5.5% compared to the British Pound Sterling resulting in a net loss of $43.7 million. This was
more than offset as the U.S. Dollar strengthened 5.5% compared to the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a gain of $44.8 million. The
remaining net currency loss of $5.4 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 

   

 The majority of the
$35.5 million currency gain in 2013 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar. The weakening
of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and British Pound Sterling contributed additional gains. During 2013, the U.S. Dollar
weakened 4.1% and 2.2%, respectively, relative to the Euro and British Pound Sterling resulting in a foreign currency gain of
$7.5 million in Garmin Ltd. and our European subsidiaries.  The U.S. Dollar strengthened 3.3% against the Taiwan Dollar resulting
in a $30.2 million foreign currency gain due to the fluctuation of asset balances throughout the year.  The net result of
these currency moves combined with other losses of $2.1 million, and the timing of transactions during the year was a net gain
of $35.5 million for the Company. 

   

 Income Tax Provision 

   

 Our income tax expense
increased by $318.4 million, to $359.5 million for the fiscal year 2014, from $41.1 million for the fiscal year 2013.  Contributing
to the significant increase were: 

   

 
 · tax
                                         expense of $307.6 million associated with the inter-company restructuring discussed above, 

 
 · expiration
                                         of certain Taiwan tax holidays and  

 
 · research
                                         and development tax credits of $6.3 million related to 2012 which were recognized when
                                         the related legislation was enacted in January 2013. 

   

 Partially offset by favorable impacts including: 

   

 
 · release
                                         of uncertain tax position reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations
                                         or completion of tax audits of $83.9 million in fiscal year 2014 compared to releases
                                         of $79.9 million in fiscal year 2013. 

   

 Net Income 

   

 

 As a result of the
various factors noted above, net income decreased 41% to $364.2 million for the fiscal year 2014 compared to $612.4 million for
fiscal year 2013. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources  

   

 Operating Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 26,     
     Dec 27,     
     Dec 28,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
     $ 280,467     
     $ 522,711     
     $ 630,084   
 

   

 The $242.2 million decrease in cash provided
by operating activities in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · the
                                         impact of income tax payable providing $247.0 million less cash due primarily to the
                                         timing of disbursements related to the inter-company restructuring  

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent assets providing $108.0 million less cash primarily due to prepayments
                                         of royalties and timing of payments for insurance 

   

 

 
       50   
       
     

 

   




 
 · the
                                         impact of deferred income taxes providing $83.9 million less cash primarily due to the
                                         timing of withholding taxes paid and  

 
 · inventories
                                         and related provisions for obsolete and slow moving inventories providing $47.9 million
                                         less cash primarily due to additional safety stock of specific raw materials and continued
                                         growth in products offered 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · net
                                         income increasing $92.0 million, as discussed in the Results of Operations section above 

 
 · accounts
                                         receivable providing $49.9 million more cash primarily due to the impact of lower revenues
                                         and associated decline in receivables 

 
 · the
                                         impact of increasing unrealized foreign currency losses providing $37.4 million less
                                         cash due to the impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations as discussed in the Results
                                         of Operations section above 

 
 · deferred
                                         revenue/costs providing $32.6M more working capital benefit due to the decreased amortization
                                         of previously deferred revenue/cost as discussed in the Results of Operations section
                                         above and  

 
 · accounts
                                         payable providing $27.1 million more cash primarily due to the timing of payments 

   

 The $107.4 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities
in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · net
                                         income decreasing by $248.2 million, including the $307.6 million tax expense related
                                         to the inter-company restructuring, as discussed in the Results of Operations section
                                         above 

 
 · accounts
                                         receivable providing $66.0 million less cash primarily due to the increasing sales in
                                         fourth quarter 2014 and timing of collections 

 
 · deferred
                                         revenue/costs providing $58.2 million less working capital benefit due to the increased
                                         amortization of previously deferred revenue/cost as discussed in the Results of Operations
                                         section above and 

 
 · inventories,
                                         net providing $53.9 million less cash primarily due to new product categories and increasing
                                         product demand partially offset by increased reserves for obsolete and slow moving inventories 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · income
                                         taxes payable providing $130.2 million more cash due to the timing of disbursements primarily
                                         related to the inter-company restructuring offset by the release of uncertain tax position
                                         reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of tax
                                         audits  

 
 · the
                                         impact of deferred income taxes providing $81.9 million more cash due primarily to timing
                                         of disbursements partially related to the inter-company restructuring in addition to
                                         the reclassification of withholding taxes from current taxes payable. 

 
 · other
                                         current and non-current liabilities providing $48.2 million more cash due to timing of
                                         payments related to royalties and advertising 

 
 · the
                                         impact of increasing unrealized foreign currency losses providing $40.7 million more
                                         cash due primarily to foreign currency rate fluctuations related to our Taiwan operations
                                         which utilize the Taiwan Dollar as their functional currency and specific European operations
                                         which utilize the Euro as their functional currency resulting in translation of assets
                                         and liabilities to U.S. Dollar 

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent assets providing $22.6 million more cash primarily due to timing
                                         of payments associated with advertising and sponsorships 

   


 
       51   
       
     

   

 We expect to generate $475 million of cash flow from operations
in 2016 with ongoing net income. 

   

 Investing Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 26,     
     Dec 27,     
     Dec 28,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   
     $ (111,979 )   
     $ 131,332     
     $ (274,442 ) 
 

   

 The $243.3 million
decrease in cash provided by investing activities in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · collection
                                         of cash advanced under a loan receivable commitment with Bombardier of $137.4 million
                                         in 2014  

 
 · decreased
                                         net investments in marketable securities of $87.0 million and 

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for acquisitions of $19.8 million 

   

 The $405.8 million increase in cash provided
by investing activities in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · collection
                                         of cash advanced under a loan receivable commitment with Bombardier of $137.4 million
                                         in the current year period compared to a cash advance of the same amount in the prior
                                         year period and 

 
 · increased
                                         net redemptions of marketable securities of $165.9 million 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         purchases of property and equipment of $17.3 million 

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for acquisitions of $13.2 million and 

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for intangible assets of $3.6 million                   
                                          

   

 We have budgeted approximately
$75 million of capital expenditures during fiscal 2016 to include some facility expansion, along with normal ongoing capital expenditures
and maintenance activities. It is management’s goal to invest the on-hand cash consistent with Garmin’s investment
policy, which has been approved by the Board of Directors. The investment policy’s primary purpose is to preserve capital,
maintain an acceptable degree of liquidity, and maximize yield within the constraint of low credit risk. Garmin’s average
return on cash and investments during fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013 were approximately 1.2%, 1.3%, and 1.4%, respectively. 

   

 The Company’s
investment policy requires investments to be rated A or better with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal
loss. The fair value of our securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, in the performance of the
underlying collateral and in the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. See Footnote 3 for additional
information regarding marketable securities. 

   

 Financing Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 26,     
     Dec 27,     
     Dec 28,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
     $ (500,092 )   
     $ (599,622 )   
     $ (406,838 ) 
 

   


 
       52   
       
     

   

 The $99.5 million
decrease in cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · decreased
                                         purchase of treasury stock of $110.2 million under a share repurchase authorization 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         dividend payments of $18.0 million due to the increase in our year-over-year dividend
                                         rate 

   

 The $192.8 million increase in cash used
in financing activities in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         purchase of treasury stock of $183.2 million under a share repurchase authorization and 

 
 · increased
                                         dividend payments of $8.4 million due to the increased dividend per share that was effective
                                         beginning in the second calendar quarter of 2014 

   

 Our dividend has progressively
increased from $0.45 per share for the eight calendar quarters beginning in June 2012 to $0.48 per share for the four calendar
quarters beginning in June 2014 to $0.51 per share for the four quarters beginning in June 2015. 

   

 We currently use cash
flow from operations to fund our capital expenditures, to support our working capital requirements, and to pay dividends. We expect
that future cash requirements will principally be for capital expenditures, working capital, payment of dividends declared, share
repurchases and the funding of strategic acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash balances and cash flow from operations
will be sufficient to meet our long-term projected capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. 

   

 Contractual Obligations and Commercial
Commitments 

   

 Future commitments
of Garmin, as of December 26, 2015, aggregated by type of contractual obligation, are: 

   

 
 
         
     Payments due by period   
 
     Contractual Obligations   
     Total     
     Less than 1 year     
     1-3 years     
     3-5 years     
     More than 5 years   
 
     Operating Leases   
     $ 65.0     
     $ 16.6     
     $ 21.9     
     $ 12.3     
     $ 14.2   
 

   

 The Company is party
to certain commitments, which include purchases of raw materials, advertising expenditures, investments in certain low income
housing tax credit projects, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our business.  The aggregate amount
of purchase orders and other commitments open as of December 26, 2015 was approximately $278.3 million. We cannot determine the
aggregate amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations because purchase orders may represent authorizations
to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current needs and are typically fulfilled within
short periods of time. 

   

 We may be required
to make significant cash outlays related to unrecognized tax benefits. However, due to the uncertainty of the timing of future
cash flows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of
cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. Accordingly, unrecognized tax benefits of $97.9 million as of
December 26, 2015, have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. For further information related to unrecognized
tax benefits, see Note 2, “Income Taxes,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

   


 
       53   
       
     

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

   

 We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

   

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk  

   

 Market Sensitivity 

   

 We have market risk
primarily in connection with the pricing of our products and services and the purchase of raw materials. Product pricing and raw
materials costs are both significantly influenced by semiconductor market conditions. Historically, during cyclical industry downturns,
we have been able to offset pricing declines for our products through a combination of improved product mix and success in obtaining
price reductions in raw materials costs. 

   

 Inflation 

   

 We do not believe
that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become
subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our
inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

   

 The operation of Garmin’s
subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have experienced significant
foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar. The potential of volatile foreign
exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of operations. The Company has not historically
hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks. 

   

 The currencies that
create a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. Garmin
Corporation, headquartered in Xizhi, Taiwan, uses the local currency as the functional currency. The Company translates all assets
and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year. In order to minimize
the effect of the currency exchange fluctuations on our net assets, we have elected to retain most of our Taiwan subsidiary’s
cash and investments in marketable securities denominated in U.S. dollars. 

   

 Most European subsidiaries
use the Euro as the functional currency .  The functional currency of our largest European subsidiary, Garmin (Europe) Ltd.
remains the U.S. dollar, and as some transactions occurred in British Pounds Sterling or Euros, foreign currency gains or losses
have been realized historically related to the movements of those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The Company believes
that gains and losses will become more material in the future as our European presence grows. In 2015, the U.S. Dollar strengthened
10.0% relative to the Euro resulting in a foreign currency loss of $31.2 million in Garmin Ltd. and our European subsidiaries. 
The U.S. Dollar strengthened 3.8% against the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a $19.5 million foreign currency gain due to the fluctuation
of asset balances throughout the year.  The net result of these currency moves combined with other losses of $11.8 million,
and the timing of transactions during the year was a net loss of $23.5 million for the Company and a cumulative translation adjustment
of $35.0 million during the fiscal year 2015. 

   

 We assessed the Company’s
exposure to movements in currency exchange rates by performing a sensitivity analysis of adverse changes in exchange rates and
the corresponding impact to our results of operations. Based on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other
than respective functional currencies as of December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, hypothetical and reasonably possible adverse
changes of 10% for the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before
income taxes of approximately $95 million and $118 million at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014. 

   


 
       54   
       
     

   

 Interest Rate Risk 

   

 We have no outstanding
long-term debt as of December 26, 2015. We, therefore, have no meaningful debt-related interest rate risk. 

   

 We are exposed to
interest rate risk in connection with our investments in marketable securities. As interest rates change, the unrealized gains
and losses associated with those securities will fluctuate accordingly. 

 The Company’s investment policy
requires investments to be rated A or better with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The Company
does not intend to sell securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be
required to sell such investments before recovery of their amortized costs bases, which may be maturity. During 2015 and 2014,
the Company did not record any material impairment charges on its outstanding securities. 

   

 We assessed the Company’s
exposure to interest rate risk by performing a sensitivity analysis of a parallel shift in the yield curve and the corresponding
impact to the Company’s portfolio of marketable securities. Based on balance sheet positions as of December 26, 2015 and
December 27, 2014, the hypothetical and reasonably possible 100 basis point increases in interest rates across all maturities
would have resulted in declines in portfolio fair market value of approximately $43 million and $52 million at December 26, 2015
and December 27, 2014. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity. 

   


 
       55   
       
     

   

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

   

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

 Years Ended December 26, 2015, December
27, 2014, and December 28, 2013 

   

 Contents 

   

 
 
     Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     57 
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 
       
     58 
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013 
       
     59 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 26, 2015,  December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 
       
     60 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended  December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013 
       
     61 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014,  and December 28, 2013 
       
     62 
 
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
       
     64 
 
   


 
       56   
       
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Garmin Ltd. 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries as of December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of
income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
26, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits. 

   

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries at December 26,
2015 and December 27, 2014, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 26, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Garmin Ltd.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December
26, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 17, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

   

 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

   

 Kansas City, Missouri 

 February 17, 2016 

   


 
       57   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In Thousands, Except Per Share
Information) 

   

 

 
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 833,070     
     $ 1,196,268   
 
     Marketable
    securities  (Note 3)   
       215,161     
       167,989   
 
     Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
    of $13,805 in 2015 and $18,330 in 2014   
       531,481     
       570,191   
 
     Inventories, net   
       500,554     
       420,475   
 
     Deferred
    income taxes  (Note 6)   
       -     
       56,102   
 
     Deferred costs   
       49,176     
       51,336   
 
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   
       81,645     
       48,615   
 
     Total current assets   
       2,211,087     
       2,510,976   
 
         
             
           
 
     Property and equipment, net   
             
           
 
     Land and improvements   
       85,162     
       94,245   
 
     Building and improvements   
       351,778     
       324,710   
 
     Office furniture and equipment   
       206,025     
       188,847   
 
     Manufacturing equipment   
       131,055     
       128,441   
 
     Engineering equipment   
       113,690     
       102,692   
 
     Vehicles   
       20,939     
       20,661   
 
         
       908,649     
       859,596   
 
     Accumulated depreciation   
       (462,560 )   
       (428,709 ) 
 
         
       446,089     
       430,887   
 
         
             
           
 
     Restricted cash  (Note
    4)   
       259     
       308   
 
     Marketable securities
     (Note 3)   
       1,343,387     
       1,407,344   
 
     Noncurrent deferred
    income tax  (Note 6)   
       116,518     
       67,712   
 
     Noncurrent deferred costs   
       38,769     
       36,140   
 
     Intangible assets, net   
       245,552     
       218,083   
 
     Other assets   
       97,730     
       21,853   
 
     Total assets   
     $ 4,499,391     
     $ 4,693,303   
 
         
             
           
 
     Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Accounts payable   
     $ 178,905     
     $ 149,094   
 
     Salaries and benefits payable   
       70,601     
       62,764   
 
     Accrued warranty costs   
       30,449     
       27,609   
 
     Accrued sales program costs   
       67,613     
       58,934   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       164,982     
       203,598   
 
     Accrued royalty costs   
       30,310     
       51,889   
 
     Accrued advertising expense   
       33,547     
       26,334   
 
     Other accrued expenses   
       74,926     
       67,780   
 
     Deferred
    income taxes  (Note 6)   
       -     
       17,673   
 
     Income taxes payable   
       21,674     
       182,260   
 
     Dividend payable   
       192,991     
       185,326   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       865,998     
       1,033,261   
 
         
             
           
 
     Deferred income taxes
     (Note 6)   
       56,210     
       39,497   
 
     Non-current income taxes   
       101,689     
       80,611   
 
     Non-current deferred revenue   
       128,731     
       135,130   
 
     Other liabilities   
       1,637     
       1,437   
 
         
             
           
 
     Stockholders' equity:   
             
           
 
     Shares,
    CHF 10 par value, 208,077 shares authorized and issued; 189,722 shares outstanding at December 26, 2015; and 191,815 shares
    outstanding at December 27, 2014;  (Notes 9, 10, and 11):   
       1,797,435     
       1,797,435   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       62,239     
       73,521   
 
     Treasury stock   
       (414,637 )   
       (330,132 ) 
 
     Retained earnings   
       1,930,517     
       1,859,972   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive
    income   
       (30,428 )   
       2,571   
 
     Total stockholders' equity   
       3,345,126     
       3,403,367   
 
     Total liabilities and stockholders'
    equity   
     $ 4,499,391     
     $ 4,693,303   
 



 

   

 

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       58   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Information) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 2,820,270     
     $ 2,870,658     
     $ 2,631,851   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       1,281,566     
       1,266,246     
       1,224,551   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,538,704     
       1,604,412     
       1,407,300   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       167,166     
       146,633     
       112,905   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       394,914     
       372,032     
       355,440   
 
     Research and development expense   
       427,043     
       395,121     
       364,923   
 
         
       989,123     
       913,786     
       833,268   
 
     Operating income   
       549,581     
       690,626     
       574,032   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Other income (expense):   
             
             
           
 
     Interest income   
       29,653     
       35,584     
       35,271   
 
     Foreign currency (losses) gains   
       (23,465 )   
       (4,299 )   
       35,538   
 
     Other   
       11,418     
       1,834     
       8,717   
 
         
       17,606     
       33,119     
       79,526   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       567,187     
       723,745     
       653,558   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Income tax provision
    (benefit):  (Note 6)   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       114,222     
       274,107     
       27,771   
 
     Deferred   
       (3,262 )   
       85,427     
       13,375   
 
         
       110,960     
       359,534     
       41,146   
 
     Net income   
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic
    net income per share  (Note 10)   
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13   
 
     Diluted
    net income per share  (Note 10)   
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       59   
       
     

    

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net income   
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412   
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment   
       (34,981 )   
       (64,489 )   
       (43,609 ) 
 
     Change in fair value of available-for-sale
    marketable securities, net of deferred taxes   
       1,982     
       29,019     
       (56,904 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income   
     $ 423,228     
     $ 328,741     
     $ 511,899   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   

 

 
       60   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
           
           
           
           
     Accumulated     
         
 
         
           
     Additional     
           
           
     Other     
         
 
         
     Common     
     Paid-In     
     Treasury     
     Retained     
     Comprehensive     
         
 
         
     Stock     
     Capital     
     Stock     
     Earnings     
     Income/(Loss)     
     Total   
 
     Balance at December 29, 2012   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 72,462     
     $ (81,280 )   
     $ 1,604,625     
     $ 138,554     
     $ 3,531,796   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       612,412     
       –     
       612,412   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (43,609 )   
       (43,609 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized
    gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of ($2,183)   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (56,904 )   
       (56,904 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       511,899   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (351,450 )   
       –     
       (351,450 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       4,584     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       4,584   
 
     Issuance of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       (20,375 )   
       43,145     
       –     
       –     
       22,770   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       22,592     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       22,592   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (24,063 )   
       –     
       –     
       (24,063 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (58,422 )   
       –     
       –     
       (58,422 ) 
 
     Balance at December 28, 2013   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 79,263     
     $ (120,620 )   
     $ 1,865,587     
     $ 38,041     
     $ 3,659,706   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       364,211     
       –     
       364,211   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (64,489 )   
       (64,489 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized
    gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $201   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       29,019     
       29,019   
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       328,741   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (369,826 )   
       –     
       (369,826 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (84 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (84 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       (29,951 )   
       50,704     
       –     
       –     
       20,753   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       24,293     
             
       –     
       –     
       24,293   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (18,638 )   
       –     
       –     
       (18,638 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (241,578 )   
       –     
       –     
       (241,578 ) 
 
     Balance at December 27, 2014   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 73,521     
     $ (330,132 )   
     $ 1,859,972     
     $ 2,571     
     $ 3,403,367   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       456,227     
       –     
       456,227   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (34,981 )   
       (34,981 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized
    gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $115   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       1,982     
       1,982   
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       423,228   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       (100 )   
       –     
       (385,682 )   
       –     
       (385,782 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (2,050 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (2,050 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       (35,422 )   
       52,494     
       –     
       –     
       17,072   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       26,290     
             
       –     
       –     
       26,290   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (5,586 )   
       –     
       –     
       (5,586 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (131,413 )   
       –     
       –     
       (131,413 ) 
 
     Balance at December 26, 2015   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 62,239     
     $ (414,637 )   
     $ 1,930,517     
     $ (30,428 )   
     $ 3,345,126   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       61   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Operating Activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net
    income to net cash provided    by operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       51,311     
       48,433     
       48,476   
 
     Amortization   
       27,049     
       28,582     
       30,328   
 
     Gain on sale of property and equipment   
       (198 )   
       (306 )   
       (724 ) 
 
     Provision for doubtful accounts   
       (2,521 )   
       66     
       1,553   
 
     Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories   
       23,257     
       25,903     
       20,891   
 
     Unrealized foreign currency losses (gains)   
       37,931     
       573     
       (40,120 ) 
 
     Deferred income taxes   
       5,897     
       89,828     
       7,931   
 
     Stock compensation   
       26,290     
       24,293     
       22,592   
 
     Realized gains on marketable securities   
       (55 )   
       (505 )   
       (5,877 ) 
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:   
             
             
           
 
     Accounts receivable   
       22,473     
       (27,398 )   
       38,589   
 
     Inventories   
       (121,718 )   
       (76,491 )   
       (17,593 ) 
 
     Other current and non-current assets   
       (107,360 )   
       627     
       (22,013 ) 
 
     Accounts payable   
       36,079     
       8,981     
       18,043   
 
     Other current and non-current liabilities   
       20,742     
       16,467     
       (31,775 ) 
 
     Deferred revenue   
       (43,338 )   
       (87,543 )   
       (16,150 ) 
 
     Deferred costs   
       (585 )   
       11,029     
       (2,204 ) 
 
     Income taxes payable   
       (151,014 )   
       95,961     
       (34,275 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       280,467     
       522,711     
       630,084   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Investing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Purchases of property and equipment   
       (80,592 )   
       (73,339 )   
       (56,083 ) 
 
     Proceeds from sale of property and equipment   
       7,921     
       748     
       885   
 
     Purchase of intangible assets   
       (3,889 )   
       (4,720 )   
       (1,122 ) 
 
     Purchase of marketable securities   
       (915,921 )   
       (1,006,482 )   
       (909,151 ) 
 
     Redemption of marketable securities   
       919,141     
       1,096,676     
       833,491   
 
     Proceeds from repayment (advances) on loan receivable   
       -     
       137,379     
       (137,369 ) 
 
     Acquisitions, net of cash acquired   
       (38,687 )   
       (18,871 )   
       (5,680 ) 
 
     Change in restricted cash   
       48     
       (59 )   
       587   
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   
       (111,979 )   
       131,332     
       (274,442 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Financing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Dividends   
       (378,117 )   
       (360,075 )   
       (351,707 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       (2,049 )   
       (84 )   
       4,584   
 
     Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       17,073     
       20,753     
       22,770   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       (5,586 )   
       (18,638 )   
       (24,063 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock under share repurchase plan   
       (131,413 )   
       (241,578 )   
       (58,422 ) 
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
       (500,092 )   
       (599,622 )   
       (406,838 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   
       (31,594 )   
       (37,302 )   
       (835 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
       (363,198 )   
       17,119     
       (52,031 ) 
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       1,196,268     
       1,179,149     
       1,231,180   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   
     $ 833,070     
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       62   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(continued) 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information   
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid during the year for income taxes   
     $ 252,885     
     $ 175,465     
     $ 73,372   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash received during the year from income tax refunds   
     $ 3,793     
     $ 5,260     
     $ 3,584   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid during the year for interest   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities   
             
             
           
 
       
             
             
           
 
     Change in marketable securities
    related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation)   
     $ 1,867     
     $ 29,220     
     $ (59,087 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Fair value of assets acquired   
     $ 38,687     
     $ 22,735     
     $ 11,486   
 
     Liabilities assumed   
       -     
       (3,718 )   
       (4,955 ) 
 
     Less:  cash acquired   
       -     
       (146 )   
       (851 ) 
 
     Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired   
     $ 38,687     
     $ 18,871     
     $ 5,680   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       63   
       
     

   

 

 GARMIN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per
Share Information) 

 December 26, 2015 and December 27,
2014 

   

 1. Description of the Business 

   

 Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries
(together, the “Company”) design, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute a diverse family of hand-held, wrist-based,
portable and fixed-mount Global Positioning System (GPS)-enabled products and other navigation, communications, information and
sensor-based products. Garmin Corporation (GC) is primarily responsible for the manufacturing and distribution of the Company’s
products to the Company’s subsidiaries and, to a lesser extent, new product development and sales and marketing of the Company’s
products in Asia and the Far East. Garmin International, Inc. (GII) is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of the Company’s
products in the Americas region and for most of the Company’s research and new product development. GII also manufactures
most of the Company’s products in the aviation segment. Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (GEL) is responsible for sales and marketing
of the Company’s products in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Many of GEL’s sales are to other Company-owned
distributors in the EMEA region. 

   

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

   

 Basis of Presentation and Principles of
Consolidation 

   

 The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of Garmin Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

   

 Fiscal Year 

   

 The Company has adopted
a 52–53-week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Due to the fact that there are not exactly 52 weeks
in a calendar year and there is slightly more than one additional day per year (not including the effects of leap year) in each
calendar year as compared to a 52-week fiscal year, the Company will have a fiscal year comprising 53 weeks in certain fiscal
years, as determined by when the last Saturday of the calendar year occurs. 

   

 In those resulting
fiscal years that have 53 weeks, the Company will record an extra week of sales, costs, and related financial activity. Therefore,
the financial results of those fiscal years, and the associated 14-week fourth quarter, will not be entirely comparable to the
prior and subsequent 52-week fiscal years and the associated quarters having only 13 weeks. Fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 included
52 weeks. 

   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

   

 Foreign Currency  

   

 Many Garmin Ltd. subsidiaries
utilize currencies other than the United States Dollar (USD) as their functional currency. As required by the  Foreign Currency
Matters  topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), the financial statements
of these subsidiaries for all periods presented have been translated into USD, the functional currency of Garmin Ltd., and the
reporting currency herein, for purposes of consolidation at rates prevailing during the year for sales, costs, and expenses and
at end-of-year rates for all assets and liabilities. The effect of this translation is recorded in a separate component of stockholders’
equity. Cumulative translation adjustments of ($14,108) and $20,874 as of December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively,
have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

   


 
       64   
       
     

   

 Transactions in foreign
currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting from these
transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The movements of the Taiwan Dollar and
Euro/British Pound Sterling have offsetting impacts when the currencies move congruently against the U.S. Dollar due to the use
of the Taiwan Dollar for manufacturing costs and cash held in non-functional currency while the Euro and British Pound Sterling
transactions relate primarily to revenue. All differences are recorded in results of operations and amounted to exchange (losses)
gains of ($23,465), ($4,299), and $35,538, for the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively.
The loss in fiscal 2015 was due primarily to the USD strengthening against the Euro partially offset by the USD strengthening
against the Taiwan Dollar. The loss in fiscal 2014 was due primarily to the USD strengthening against the Euro and the British
Pound Sterling which was largely offset by the USD strengthening against the Taiwan Dollar. The gain in fiscal 2013 was due primarily
to the strengthening of the USD against the Taiwan Dollar and the USD weakening against the Euro and the British Pound Sterling. 

   

 Earnings Per Share 

   

 Basic earnings per
share amounts are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of diluted earnings
per share, the number of shares that would be issued from the exercise of dilutive stock options has been reduced by the number
of shares which could have been purchased from the proceeds of the exercise at the average market price of the Company’s
stock during the period the options were outstanding. See Note 10. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 For purposes of reporting
cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, operating accounts, money market funds, and securities with maturities
of three months or less when purchased. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value, given the short
maturity of those instruments. 

   

 Trade Accounts Receivable 

   

 The Company sells
its products to retailers, wholesalers, and other customers and extends credit based on its evaluation of the customer’s
financial condition.  Potential losses on receivables are dependent on each individual customer’s financial condition.
The Company carries its trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. Typically, its accounts receivable are collected within
80 days and do not bear interest. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on receivables and maintains allowances for potential
losses or adjustments. The Company determines these allowances by (1) evaluating the aging of its receivables and (2) reviewing
its high-risk customers. Past due receivable balances are written off when its internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful
in collecting the amount due. The Company maintains trade credit insurance to provide security against large losses. 

   

 Concentration of Credit Risk  

   

 The Company grants
credit to certain customers who meet the Company’s pre-established credit requirements. Generally, the Company does not
require security when trade credit is granted to customers. Credit losses are provided for in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements and typically have been within management’s expectations. Certain customers are allowed extended terms
consistent with normal industry practice. Most of these extended terms can be classified as either relating to seasonal sales
variations or to the timing of new product releases by the Company. 

   


 
       65   
       
     

   

 The Company’s
top ten customers have contributed between 22% and 24% of net sales since 2013. None of the Company’s customers accounted
for more than 10% of consolidated net sales in the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013. 

   

 Loan Receivable  

   

 On March 14, 2013,
the Company entered into a Memorandum of Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Bombardier, Inc. (“Bombardier”). 
The Company is the supplier of the avionics system for the Lear 70 and Lear 75 aircraft for Learjet, Inc., which is a subsidiary
of Bombardier (the “Program”).  In order to assist Bombardier in connection with delayed cash flows from the
Program partially related to the certification of avionics for the Program exceeding the planned delivery date, the Company agreed
to provide Bombardier a short term, interest free, loan of $173,708 in cash in seven installments beginning on March 22, 2013
and ending on September 20, 2013 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  Bombardier repaid the loan in five
installments beginning in November 2013 and ending in April 2014 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and subsequent
amendment signed December 6, 2013.  

   

 Inventories 

   

 Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. Garmin writes down its inventory
for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market
value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those
projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Inventories consisted of the following: 

   

 
 
         
     December 26, 2015     
     December 27, 2014   
 
         
           
         
 
     Raw Materials   
     $ 203,173     
     $ 161,444   
 
     Work-in-process   
       69,690     
       53,824   
 
     Finished goods   
       273,762     
       244,282   
 
     Inventory Reserves   
       (46,071 )   
       (39,075 ) 
 
     Inventory, net of reserves   
     $ 500,554     
     $ 420,475   
 

   

 Property and Equipment  

   

 Property and equipment
are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 

   

 
 
     Buildings and improvements   
     39-50 
 
     Office furniture and equipment   
     3-5 
 
     Manufacturing and engineering equipment   
     5 
 
     Vehicles   
     5 
 

   


 
       66   
       
     

   

 Long-Lived Assets 

   

 As required by the
 Property, Plant and Equipment  topic of the FASB ASC, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived
asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition
of the asset. That assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment
loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 

   

 The  Intangibles
– Goodwill and Other  topic of the FASB ASC requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
should not be amortized but rather be tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that they may be impaired. The Company did not recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in 2015,
2014, or 2013.  The accounting guidance also requires that intangible assets with finite lives be amortized over their estimated
useful lives and reviewed for impairment. The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with finite lives
over periods ranging from 3 to 10 years. 

   

 Dividends  

    

 Under Swiss corporate law,  dividends
must be approved by shareholders at the general meeting of the Company’s shareholders. 

   

 On June 5, 2015, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $2.04 per share (of which, $1.02 was paid in the Company's 2015 fiscal year) payable in four
equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2015   
     June 16, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     September 30, 2015   
     September 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     December 31, 2015   
     December 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     March 31, 2016   
     March 15, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 

   

 The Company paid dividends
in 2015 in the amount of $378,117. Both the dividend paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction of retained
earnings. 

   

 On June 6, 2014, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $1.92 per share (of which, $0.96 was paid in the Company's 2014 fiscal year) payable in four
equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2014   
     June 17, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     September 30, 2014   
     September 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     December 31, 2014   
     December 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     March 31, 2015   
     March 16, 2015   
     $ 0.48   
 

   

 The Company paid dividends
in 2014 in the amount of $360,075. Both the dividend paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction of retained
earnings. 

   

 On June 7, 2013, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $1.80 per share (of which, $0.90 was paid in the Company's 2013 fiscal year) payable in four
equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 28, 2013   
     June 18, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     September 30, 2013   
     September 16, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     December 31, 2013   
     December 16, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     March 31, 2014   
     March 17, 2014   
     $ 0.45   
 

   

 The Company paid dividends
in 2013 in the amount of $351,707. Both the dividend paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction of retained
earnings. 

   


 
       67   
       
     

   

 Approximately $304,674
and $290,955 of retained earnings are indefinitely restricted from distribution to stockholders pursuant to the laws of Taiwan
at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively. 

   

 Intangible Assets 

   

 At December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, the Company had patents, customer related intangibles and
other identifiable finite-lived intangible assets recorded at a cost of $216,465 and $191,034, respectively. Identifiable, finite-lived
intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis over three to ten years, which represents
the expected pattern and duration of use of and benefit received from the respective assets. Accumulated amortization was $158,704
and $151,589 at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively. Amortization expense on these intangible assets was $7,115,
$8,362 and $17,847, for the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively. In the next
five years, the amortization expense is estimated to be $19,780, $7,506, $6,734, $4,787 and $3,610, respectively. 

   

 The Company’s
excess purchase cost over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) was $187,791 at December 26, 2015 and $178,638 at December
27, 2014. 

   

 

 
 
         
     December
                                         26, 
                                                                                 2015     
     December
                                         27, 
                                                                                 2014   
 
     Goodwill balance at beginning of year   
     $ 178,638     
     $ 179,290   
 
     Acquisitions   
       11,908     
       2,517   
 
      Finalization of purchase price
    allocations and effect of foreign currency translation   
       (2,755 )   
       (3,169 ) 
 
     Goodwill balance at end of year   
     $ 187,791     
     $ 178,638   
 



 

   

 Marketable Securities 

   

 Management determines
the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance
sheet date. 

   

 All of the Company’s
marketable securities were considered available-for-sale at December 26, 2015. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair
value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive gain (loss). At December 26, 2015 and
December 27, 2014, cumulative unrealized gains and losses, net of tax of ($16,321) and ($18,303), respectively, were reported
in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of related taxes. 

   

 Investments are reviewed
periodically to determine if they have suffered an impairment of value that is considered other than temporary. If investments
are determined to be impaired, a loss is recognized at the date of determination. 

   

 Testing for impairment
of investments requires significant management judgment. The identification of potentially impaired investments, the determination
of their fair value and the assessment of whether any decline in value is other than temporary are the key judgment elements.
The discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. Revisions of impairment judgments
are made when new information becomes known, and any resulting impairment adjustments are made at that time. The economic environment
and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of determining fair value and assessing investment impairment. 

 

 

   


 
       68   
       
     

   

 The amortized cost
of debt securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity,
or in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the security. Such amortization is included in interest
income from investments. Realized gains and losses, and credit declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary are included
in other income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. 

   

 Investments are discussed
in detail in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 The Company accounts
for income taxes using the liability method in accordance with the FASB ASC 740 topic  Income Taxes . The liability method
provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their carrying amount for financial reporting purposes as measured based on the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 

   

 The Company adopted
the applicable guidance included in the FASB ASC 740 topic  Income Taxes  related to accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes on December 31, 2006, the beginning of fiscal year 2007.  We recognize liabilities for tax audit issues in the
U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If payment
of these amounts ultimately proves not to be required, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized
in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less
than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result. 

   

 Income taxes are discussed
in detail in Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Revenue Recognition 

   

 Garmin recognizes
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and
collection is probable.  For the large majority of Garmin’s sales, these criteria are met once product has shipped
and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer.  The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of hardware products
and software bundled with hardware that is essential to the functionality of the hardware in accordance with general revenue recognition
accounting guidance. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with industry specific software accounting guidance for standalone
sales of software products and sales of software bundled with hardware not essential to the functionality of the hardware. 
The Company generally does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales. 

   

 For multiple-element
arrangements that include tangible products that contain software essential to the tangible product’s functionality and
undelivered software elements that relate to the tangible product’s essential software, the Company allocates revenue to
all deliverables based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, the accounting principles establish a hierarchy
to determine the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables as follows: (i) vendor-specific objective
evidence of fair value (VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (TPE), and (iii) best estimate of the selling
price (ESP).  VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells the deliverable separately, on more than a limited basis,
at prices within a relatively narrow range.  In addition to the products listed below, the Company has offered certain other
products including mobile applications, in-dash navigation solutions, aviation subscriptions and extended warranties that involve
multiple-element arrangements that are immaterial. 

   

 Garmin offers PNDs
with lifetime map updates (LMUs) bundled in the original purchase price.  LMUs enable customers to download the latest map
and point of interest information for the useful life of their PND.  In addition, Garmin offers PNDs with traffic service
bundled in the original purchase price.  The Company has identified multiple deliverables contained in arrangements involving
the sale of PNDs which include the LMU and/or traffic service.  The first deliverable is the hardware along with the software
essential to the functionality of the hardware device delivered at the time of sale.  The remaining deliverables are the
LMU and/or traffic service.  The Company has allocated revenue between these deliverables using the relative selling price
method.  Amounts allocated to the delivered hardware and the related essential software are recognized at the time of sale
provided the other conditions for revenue recognition have been met.  The revenue and associated cost of royalties allocated
to the LMU and/or the traffic service are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the products. 

   


 
       69   
       
     

   

 The Company has determined
sufficient VSOE does not exist for LMU or traffic, and that third party evidence of selling price is not available.  During
2013, the Company estimated selling price of the undelivered element based on the relative selling price method using a weighted
average of the stand-alone sales price, the price differential between bundled and unbundled PND units, and the royalty or subscription
cost plus a normal margin. These estimates were reflective of how the Company established product pricing based in part on customer
perception of value of the added LMU or traffic service capability to the PND.  In 2014, the Company determined that stand-alone
and unbundled unit sales no longer occurred on more than a limited basis, and therefore began using the royalty cost plus a normal
margin as the primary indicator to calculate relative selling prices of the undelivered elements. 

   

 Garmin records estimated
reductions to revenue for customer sales programs, returns and incentive offerings including rebates, price protection (product
discounts offered to retailers to assist in clearing older products from their inventories in advance of new product releases),
promotions and other volume-based incentives.  The reductions to revenue are based on estimates and judgments using historical
experience and expectation of future conditions.  Changes in these estimates could negatively affect Garmin’s operating
results.   These incentives are reviewed periodically and, with the exceptions of price protection and certain other
promotions, accrued for on a percentage of sales basis.   If market conditions were to decline, Garmin may take actions
to increase customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time the incentive
is offered. 

   

 The Company records
revenue net of sales tax, trade discounts and customer returns.  The reductions to revenue for expected future product returns
are based on Garmin’s historical experience. 

   

 Deferred Revenues
and Costs 

   

 At December 26, 2015
and December 27, 2014, the Company had deferred revenues totaling $293,713 and $338,728 , respectively, and related deferred costs
totaling $87,945 and $87,476, respectively. 

   

 The deferred revenues
and costs are recognized over their estimated economic lives of two to five years on a straight-line basis. In the next five years,
the gross margin recognition of deferred revenue and cost for the currently deferred amounts is estimated to be $115,806, $60,971,
$21,467, $5,356 and $2,168, respectively. 

   

 Shipping and Handling Costs 

   

 Shipping and handling
costs are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Product Warranty
 

   

 The Company provides
for estimated warranty costs at the time of sale.  The Company’s standard warranty obligation to retail partners generally
provides for a right of return of any product for a full refund in the event that such product is not merchantable, is damaged
or defective.  The Company’s historical experience is that these types of warranty obligations are generally fulfilled
within 5 months from time of sale.  The Company’s standard warranty obligation to its end-users provides for a period
of one to two years from date of shipment while certain aviation products have a warranty period of two years from the date of
installation .   The Company’s estimate of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience
and expectations of future conditions and are recorded as a liability on the balance sheet.  To the extent Garmin experiences
increased warranty claim activity or increased costs associated with servicing those claims, its warranty accrual will increase,
resulting in decreased gross profit. The following reconciliation provides an illustration of changes in the aggregate warranty
reserve: 

   


 
       70   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Balance - beginning of period   
     $ 27,609     
     $ 26,767     
     $ 37,301   
 
     Change in accrual for
    products sold in prior periods  (1)   
       -     
       -     
       (8,709 ) 
 
     Accrual for products
    sold (2)   
       44,620     
       44,423     
       41,309   
 
     Expenditures   
       (41,780 )   
       (43,581 )   
       (43,134 ) 
 
     Balance - end of period   
     $ 30,449     
     $ 27,609     
     $ 26,767   
 

   

 
 (1) Our expected future cost is estimated
                                         based upon historical trends in the volume of product returns and the related warranty
                                         costs incurred. In 2013 we updated these assumptions and shortened the estimated time
                                         horizon in which we settle claims with our retail partners. 

 

 
 (2) Minor changes
                                         in cost estimates related to pre-existing warranties are aggregated with accruals for
                                         new warranty contracts in the ‘accrual for products sold’ line . 
 

   

 Sales Programs 

   

 The Company provides
certain monthly and quarterly incentives for its dealers and distributors based on various factors including dealer purchasing
volume and growth. Additionally, from time to time, the Company provides rebates to end users on certain products. Estimated rebates
and incentives payable to dealers and distributors are regularly reviewed and recorded as accrued expenses on a monthly basis.
In addition, the Company provides dealers and distributors with product discounts to assist these customers in clearing older
products from their inventories in advance of new product releases. Each discount is tied to a specific product and can be applied
to all customers who have purchased the product or a special discount may be agreed to on an individual customer basis. These
rebates, incentives, and discounts are recorded as reductions to net sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of income
in the period the Company has sold the product. 

   

 Advertising Costs
 

   

 The Company expenses
advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to approximately $167,166, $146,633, and $112,905, for the years ended
December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, respectively. 

   

 Research and Development 

   

 A majority of the
Company’s research and development is performed in the United States. Research and development costs, which are expensed
as incurred, amounted to approximately $427,043, $395,121, and $364,923, for the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014
and December 28, 2013, respectively. 

   

 Customer Service
and Technical Support  

   

 Customer
service and technical support costs are included as selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. Customer service and technical support costs include costs associated with performing order processing,
answering customer inquiries by telephone and through Web sites, e-mail and other electronic means, and providing free technical
support assistance to customers. The technical support is provided within one year after the associated revenue is recognized.
The related cost of providing this free support is not material. 

   


 
       71   
       
     

   

 Software Development Costs  

   

 The FASB ASC topic
entitled  Software  requires companies to expense software development costs as they incur them until technological feasibility
has been established, at which time those costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers.
Capitalized software development costs are not significant as the time elapsed from working model to release is typically short.
As required by the  Research and Development  topic of the FASB ASC, costs incurred to enhance our existing products or after
the general release of the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and
development costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

   

 Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation  

   

 The Company currently
sponsors four stock based employee compensation plans. The FASB ASC topic entitled  Compensation – Stock Compensation
 requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expenses for all share-based payment awards made to employees and
directors including employee stock options and restricted stock based on estimated fair values. 

   

 Accounting guidance
requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model.
The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock-based compensation expense on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. 

   

 As stock-based compensation
expenses recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income are based on awards ultimately expected to vest, they
have been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Accounting guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and
revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based
on historical experience and management’s estimates. 

   

 Stock compensation
plans are discussed in detail in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
 

   

 In May 2014,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (“ASU
2014-09”), which supersedes previous revenue recognition guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires that a company will recognize
revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring
goods or services to a customer. In applying the new guidance, a company will (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer;
(2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction
price to the contract’s performance obligations; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a
performance obligation. The new standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or in a modified
retrospective approach in which the cumulative effect will be recognized as of the date of adoption. 

   

 In August 2015, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date of the new guidance by one year such that
the new provisions will now be required for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of adopting the new revenue standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
       72   
       
     

   

 In January 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (“ASU 2016-01”). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard
on its consolidated financial statements. 

   

 3. Marketable Securities  

   

 The FASB ASC topic
entitled  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The
accounting guidance classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy: 

   

 
 Level 1 Unadjusted quoted
                                         prices in active markets for identical assets or liability 
 

   

 
 Level 2 Observable inputs
                                         for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for
                                         similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
                                         assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices
                                         that are observable for the asset or liability 
 

   

 
 Level 3 Unobservable
                                         inputs for the asset or liability 
 

   

 The Company endeavors
to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation methods used by the Company
for each significant class of investments are summarized below. 

   

 Mortgage-backed securities,
corporate bonds and obligations of states and political subdivisions – Valued based on prices obtained from an independent
pricing vendor using both market and income approaches. The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for similar
assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows,
benchmark yields, and credit spreads. 

   

 Common stocks – Valued
at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 

   

 The methods described
above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values.
Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the
use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different
fair value measurement at the reporting date. 

   


 
       73   
       
     

   

 Available for sale securities measured
at estimated fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below: 

   

 
 
         
     Fair Value Measurements
    as 
    of December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Total     
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 27,731     
     $ -     
     $ 27,731     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       208,631     
       -     
       208,631     
       -   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
     370,232     
       -     
       370,232     
       -   
 
     Corporate securities   
     648,590     
       -     
       648,590     
       -   
 
     Municipal securities   
     223,562     
       -     
       223,562     
       -   
 
     Other   
     79,802     
       -     
       79,802     
       -   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,558,548     
     $ -     
     $ 1,558,548     
     $ -   
 

 

   

 
 
         
     Fair Value Measurements
    as  
    of December 27, 2014  (1)   
 
         
     Total     
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 30,144     
     $ -     
     $ 30,144     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       428,320     
       -     
       428,320     
       -   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       324,307     
       -     
       324,307     
       -   
 
     Corporate securities   
       594,402     
       -     
       594,402     
       -   
 
     Municipal securities   
       125,410     
       -     
       125,410     
       -   
 
     Other   
       72,750     
       -     
       72,750     
       -   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,575,333     
     $ -     
     $ 1,575,333     
     $ -   
 

   

 (1)  Certain
available-for-sale securities held as of December 27, 2014 have been reclassified among major security types to conform to the
current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on fair value measurement. 

   

 Marketable securities
classified as available-for-sale securities are summarized below: 

   

 
 
         
     Available-For-Sale Securities
    as  of December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Amortized Cost     
     Gross Unrealized  
    Gains     
     Gross  
    Unrealized  
    Losses- OTTI  (1)     
     Gross Unrealized 
    Losses- Other  (2)     
       
     Estimated Fair  
    Value (Net  
    Carrying 
    Amount)   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 27,772     
     $ 27     
     $ -     
     $ (68 )   
       
     $ 27,731   
 
     Agency securities   
       211,248     
       105     
       (2,409 )   
       (313 )   
       
       208,631   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       376,801     
       191     
       (1,210 )   
       (5,550 )   
       
       370,232   
 
     Corporate securities   
       656,447     
       179     
       (1,635 )   
       (6,401 )   
       
       648,590   
 
     Municipal securities   
       223,991     
       636     
       (9 )   
       (1,056 )   
       
       223,562   
 
     Other   
       79,853     
       4     
       (14 )   
     (41 )   
       
       79,802   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,576,112     
     $ 1,142     
     $ (5,277 )   
     $ (13,429 )   
       
     $ 1,558,548   
 

   


 
       74   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Available-For-Sale Securities
    as  of December 27, 2014  (3)   
 
         
     Amortized Cost     
     Gross Unrealized  
    Gains     
     Gross  
    Unrealized  
    Losses- OTTI  (1)     
     Gross Unrealized 
    Losses- Other  (2)     
     Estimated Fair  
    Value (Net  
    Carrying 
    Amount)   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 30,185     
     $ 26     
     $ (25 )   
     $ (42 )   
     $ 30,144   
 
     Agency securities   
       436,817     
       169     
       (8,259 )   
       (407 )   
       428,320   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       329,048     
       580     
       (1,813 )   
       (3,508 )   
       324,307   
 
     Corporate securities   
       600,674     
       689     
       (2,874 )   
       (4,087 )   
       594,402   
 
     Municipal securities   
       125,183     
       497     
       (48 )   
       (222 )   
       125,410   
 
     Other   
       72,857     
       59     
       (12 )   
       (154 )   
       72,750   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,594,764     
     $ 2,020     
     $ (13,031 )   
     $ (8,420 )   
     $ 1,575,333   
 

   

 
 (1) Represents impairment not related
                                         to credit for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily
                                         impaired. 

 
 (2) Represents unrealized losses
                                         on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

 
 (3) Certain available-for-sale securities
                                         held as of December 27, 2014 have been reclassified among major security types to conform
                                         to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on fair value
                                         measurement. 

   

 The Company’s
investment policy requires investments to be rated A or better with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal
loss. The fair value of our securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, in the performance of the
underlying collateral and in the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. The Company does not intend
to sell the securities that have an unrealized loss shown in the table above and it is not more likely than not that the Company
will be required to sell the investment before recovery of their amortized costs bases, which may be maturity. 

   

 The Company recognizes
the credit component of other-than-temporary impairments of debt securities in "Other Income" and the noncredit component
in "Other comprehensive income (loss)" for those securities that we do not intend to sell and for which it is not more
likely than not that we will be required to sell before recovery. In 2013, the Company experienced unrealized, noncredit losses
on its investment portfolio resulting in gross other-than-temporary impairment and other unrealized losses on marketable securities. During 2014 and 2015, the Company did not record any material impairment changes on its outstanding securities. 

   

 The amortized cost
and estimated fair value of the securities at an unrealized loss position at December 26, 2015 were $1,299,856 and $1,281,150,
respectively. Approximately 63.6% of securities in the Company’s portfolio were at an unrealized loss position at December
26, 2015. We have the ability to hold these securities until maturity or their value is recovered. We do not consider these unrealized
losses to be other than temporary credit losses because there has been no deterioration in credit quality and no change in the
cash flows of the underlying securities. The Company does not intend to sell the securities and it is not more likely than not
that the Company will be required to sell the securities; therefore, no impairment has been recorded in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statement of income. 

   

 The cost of securities
sold is based on the specific identification method. 

   

 The following table
displays additional information regarding gross unrealized losses and fair value by major security type for available-for-sale
securities in an unrealized loss position: 

   


 
       75   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     As of December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Less than 12 Consecutive
    Months     
     12 Consecutive Months
    or Longer   
 
         
     Gross Unrealized  
    Losses     
     Fair Value     
     Gross Unrealized  
    Losses     
     Fair Value   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ (68 )   
     $ 22,184     
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       (691 )   
       117,803     
       (2,031 )   
       69,418   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       (4,571 )   
       263,735     
       (2,189 )   
       83,722   
 
     Corporate securities   
       (6,719 )   
       521,731     
       (1,317 )   
       50,374   
 
     Municipal securities   
       (1,035 )   
       116,033     
       (30 )   
       6,557   
 
     Other   
       (29 )   
       14,666     
       (26 )   
       14,927   
 
     Total   
     $ (13,113 )   
     $ 1,056,152     
     $ (5,593 )   
     $ 224,998   
 

   

 

 
 
         
     As of December 27, 2014 (1)   
 
         
     Less than 12 Consecutive Months     
     12 Consecutive Months or Longer   
 
         
     Gross Unrealized   Losses     
     Fair Value     
     Gross Unrealized   Losses     
     Fair Value   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ (42 )   
     $ 18,822     
     $ (25 )   
     $ 6,634   
 
     Agency securities   
       (397 )   
       64,862     
       (8,269 )   
       312,139   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       (2,169 )   
       187,309     
       (3,152 )   
       99,566   
 
     Corporate securities   
       (4,058 )   
       373,925     
       (2,903 )   
       114,076   
 
     Municipal securities   
       (222 )   
       29,533     
       (48 )   
       15,019   
 
     Other   
       (154 )   
       29,977     
       (12 )   
       3,091   
 
     Total   
     $ (7,042 )   
     $ 704,428     
     $ (14,409 )   
     $ 550,525   
 



 

   

 
 (1) Certain
available- for-sale securities held as of December 27, 2014 have been reclassified amount major security types to confirm to the
current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on fair value measurement. 
 

   

 The amortized cost
and estimated fair value of marketable securities at December 26, 2015, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities
will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations without
prepayment penalties. 

   

 
 
         
           
     Estimated   
 
         
     Cost     
     Fair Value   
 
         
             
           
 
     Due in one year or less   
     $ 215,143     
     $ 215,161   
 
     Due after one year through five years   
     1,179,753     
       1,167,026   
 
     Due after five years through ten years   
     112,256     
       108,923   
 
     Due after ten years   
     68,960     
       67,438   
 
         
             
           
 
         
     $ 1,576,112     
     $ 1,558,548   
 

   

 4. Commitments and Contingencies  

   

 Rental expense related
to office, equipment, warehouse space and real estate amounted to $18,104, $19,559 and $18,721 for the years ended December 26,
2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively. The Company recognizes rental expense on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. 

   

 Future minimum lease
payments are as follows: 

   

 
 
     Year   
       Amount   
 
     2016   
     $ 16,621   
 
     2017   
       12,091   
 
     2018   
       9,849   
 
     2019   
       6,963   
 
     2020   
       5,323   
 
     Thereafter   
       14,182   
 
     Total   
     $ 65,029   
 

   

 Certain cash balances
of GEL and GC are held as collateral by banks securing payment of local value-added tax requirements.  The total amount of
restricted cash balances were $259 and $308 at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively. 

   

 The Company is party
to certain commitments, which include purchases of raw materials, advertising expenditures, investments in certain low income
housing tax credit projects, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our business.  The aggregate amount
of purchase orders and other commitments open as of December 26, 2015 was approximately $278,327. We cannot determine the aggregate
amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations because purchase orders may represent authorizations to
purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current needs and are typically fulfilled within
short periods of time. 

   


 
       76   
       
     

   

 In the normal course
of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, investigations, and complaints, including matters
involving patent infringement and other intellectual property claims.  The Company evaluates, on a quarterly basis, developments
in legal proceedings, investigations or claims that could affect the amount of any accrual or disclosure. The assessment regarding
whether a loss is probable or a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a
series of complex judgments about future events. 

   

 Management of the
Company currently does not believe there is at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or
a material loss in excess of recorded accruals, with respect to loss contingencies individually and in the aggregate, for the
fiscal year ended December 26, 2015. The results of legal proceeding, investigations and claims, however, cannot be predicted
with certainty. Although management considers the likelihood to be remote, an adverse resolution of one of more of such matters
in excess of management’s expectations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations
in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 

   

 The Company settled or resolved certain matters during the fiscal year ended December 26, 2015 that did
not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 5. Employee Benefit Plans  

   

 GII and the
Company’s other U.S.-based subsidiaries sponsor a defined contribution employee retirement plan under which their
employees may contribute up to 50% of their annual compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code maximum limitations and to
which the subsidiaries contribute a specified percentage of each participant’s annual compensation up to certain limits
as defined in the retirement plan. Additionally, GEL has a defined contribution plan under which its employees may contribute
up to 7.5% of their annual compensation. In both the plans described above, the subsidiaries contribute an amount determined
annually at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013, expense related to these and other defined contribution plans of $37,489, $29,267 and $26,839,
respectively, was charged to operations. 

   

 Certain of the Company’s
foreign subsidiaries participate in local defined benefit pension plans. Contributions are calculated by formulas that consider
final pensionable salaries. Neither obligations nor contributions for the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013, were significant. 

   

 6. Income Taxes 

   

 The Company’s
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following: 

   


 
       77   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
       2015     
       2014     
       2013   
 
     Federal:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
     $ 49,138     
     $ (18,665 )   
     $ (11,907 ) 
 
     Deferred   
       4,216     
       58,164     
       1,913   
 
         
       53,354     
       39,499     
       (9,994 ) 
 
     State:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       9,354     
       5,575     
       2,584   
 
     Deferred   
       (5,858 )   
       4,368     
       (408 ) 
 
         
       3,496     
       9,943     
       2,176   
 
     Foreign:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       55,730     
       287,197     
       37,094   
 
     Deferred   
       (1,620 )   
       22,895     
       11,870   
 
         
       54,110     
       310,092     
       48,964   
 
     Total   
     $ 110,960     
     $ 359,534     
     $ 41,146   
 

   

 The income tax provision
differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to income before taxes. The sources and
tax effects of the differences, including the impact of establishing tax contingency accruals, are as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Federal income tax expense at U.S. statutory rate   
     $ 198,516     
     $ 253,260     
     $ 229,420   
 
     State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect   
       1,931     
       6,463     
       1,414   
 
     Foreign tax rate differential   
       (100,010 )   
       (154,338 )   
       (121,279 ) 
 
     Taiwan tax holiday benefit   
       (3,488 )   
       (3,147 )   
       (4,944 ) 
 
     Other foreign taxes less incentives and credits   
       (8,592 )   
       5,947     
       (2,032 ) 
 
     Withholding Tax   
       16,969     
       21,039     
       7,073   
 
     Intercompany Restructuring   
       0     
       307,635     
       -   
 
     Net change in uncertain tax positions   
       21,246     
       (67,231 )   
       (50,700 ) 
 
     U.S. federal domestic production activities deduction   
       (4,589 )   
       (3,606 )   
       (3,550 ) 
 
     U.S. federal research and development credit   
       (8,573 )   
       (8,373 )   
       (14,876 ) 
 
     Other, net   
       (2,450 )   
       1,885     
       620   
 
     Income tax expense   
     $ 110,960     
     $ 359,534     
     $ 41,146   
 

   

 In the third quarter
of 2014, the Company initiated an inter-company restructuring that realigned our corporate entity structure.  This change
in corporate structure provides access to historical earnings that were previously permanently reinvested and allows us to efficiently
repatriate future earnings.  As a result of the change in corporate structure, Garmin recorded tax expense of $307,635. Approximately
$263,000 of this amount has been paid.  The remainder of the accrued tax is expected to be paid incrementally as the cash
is repatriated. 

   

 The holding company statutory federal income tax rate in Switzerland, the Company's place of incorporation
since the Redomestication effective June 27, 2010, is 7.83%.  If the Company reconciled taxes at the Swiss holding company
federal statutory tax rate to the reported income tax for 2015 as presented above, the amounts related to tax at the statutory
rate would be $154,000 lower, or $44,000, and the foreign tax rate differential would be adjusted by a similar amount to $52,000.
For 2014, the amounts related to tax at the statutory rate would be approximately $197,000 lower, or $57,000, and the foreign tax
rate differential would be adjusted by a similar amount to approximately $44,000. For 2013, the amount related to tax at the statutory
rate would be approximately $178,000 lower, or $51,000, and the foreign tax differential would be reduced by a similar amount to
approximately $64,000. All other amounts would remain substantially unchanged. 

   

 

 
       78   
       
     

 

   

 The Company’s
income before income taxes attributable to non-U.S. operations was $403,242, $546,790, and $502,423, for the years ended December
26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively. The Taiwan tax holiday benefits included in the table above
reflect $0.02, $0.02, and $0.03 per weighted-average common share outstanding for the years ended December 26, 2015, December
27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively. The Company currently expects to benefit from these Taiwan tax holidays through
2017, at which time these tax benefits will likely expire. 

   

 Income taxes of $21,085,
$20,606, and $307,990 at December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively, have not been accrued by the
Company for the unremitted earnings of several of its foreign subsidiaries because such earnings are intended to be reinvested
in the subsidiaries indefinitely. These balances decreased in 2014 as a result of the inter-company restructuring which reduced
the amount of earnings reinvested in the subsidiaries indefinitely. 

   

 Deferred income taxes
reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities
are as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Deferred tax assets:   
             
           
 
     Product warranty accruals   
     $ 2,990     
     $ 3,560   
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
       10,323     
       9,111   
 
     Inventory reserves   
       10,904     
       8,161   
 
     Sales program allowances   
       1,783     
       1,081   
 
     Reserve for sales returns   
       1,457     
       -   
 
     Other accruals   
       10,799     
       11,058   
 
     Stock option compensation   
       35,360     
       38,265   
 
     Tax credit carryforwards   
       3,906     
       2,726   
 
     Amortization   
       20,005     
       21,595   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       32,809     
       43,644   
 
     Net operating losses of subsidiaries   
       5,228     
       12,456   
 
     Benefit related to uncertain tax positions   
       5,546     
       4,246   
 
     Other   
       4,106     
       3,485   
 
     Valuation allowance related to loss carryforward and tax credits   
       (2,781 )   
       (11,358 ) 
 
         
     142,435     
     148,030   
 
     Deferred tax liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       18,029     
       16,192   
 
     Reserve for sales returns   
       -     
       419   
 
     Prepaid expenses   
       2,821     
       3,283   
 
     Book basis in excess of tax basis for acquired entities   
       1,307     
       2,099   
 
     Unrealized investment loss   
       3,198     
       6,384   
 
     Withholding tax   
       54,865     
       50,561   
 
     Other   
       1,907     
       2,448   
 
         
       82,127     
       81,386   
 
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ 60,308     
     $ 66,644   
 

   

 The stock options outstanding related to
the deferred tax asset of $35,360 will begin to expire over the next several years. Given the exercise price of the options expiring
over the next 12 months compared to the current market price it is possible that these options will expire unexercised, resulting
in a potential write-off of $6,000 that would reduce the deferred tax asset and reduce equity. 

   


 
       79   
       
     

   



 
   

 In November 2015, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (“ASU 2015-17”),
requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related valuation allowance, to be classified as non-current on the
balance sheet, which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. The standard is effective for financial statements
issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
permitted, and the Company elected to prospectively adopt the accounting standard as of December 26, 2015. Prior periods in our
Consolidated Financial Statements were not retrospectively adjusted. 

   

 At December 26, 2015,
the Company had $3,906 of tax credit carryover compared to $2,726 at December 27, 2014. The surtax credit carryover from 2013
of $52,618 was adjusted and subsequently fully utilized in 2014 upon the execution of the inter-company restructuring. In turn,
the entire valuation allowance regarding the surtax credit was released. 

   

 At December 26, 2015,
the Company had a deferred tax asset of $5,228 related to the future tax benefit on net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of
$19,580.  Included in the NOL carryforwards is $7,092 that relates to Spain and expires in varying amounts between 2022 and
2027, $338 that relates to Switzerland and expires in 2022, $4,238 related to the Netherlands and expires in varying amounts between
2017 and 2022, $1,317 that relates to Finland and expires in 2025, $1,300 that relates to the United States and expires in 2035,
and $5,295 that relates to various other jurisdictions and has no expiration date. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance
for a portion of its deferred tax asset relating to various tax attributes that it does not believe are more likely than not to
be realized. In the future, if the Company determines, based on existence of sufficient evidence, that it should realize more
or less of its deferred tax assets, an adjustment to the valuation allowance will be made in the period such a determination is
made. 

   

 The total amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits as of December 26, 2015 was $97,904.  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits for years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013 is as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Balance at beginning of year   
     $ 77,495     
     $ 133,015     
     $ 182,870   
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to prior years   
       89     
       2,889     
       2,668   
 
     Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years   
       (1,671 )   
       (60,967 )   
       (8,195 ) 
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to current period   
       29,019     
       39,115     
       30,262   
 
     Reductions related to settlements with tax authorities   
       (364 )   
       (401 )   
       (416 ) 
 
     Expiration of statute of limitations   
       (6,664 )   
       (36,156 )   
       (74,174 ) 
 
     Balance at end of year   
     $ 97,904     
     $ 77,495     
     $ 133,015   
 

   

  Accounting guidance
requires unrecognized tax benefits to be classified as non-current liabilities, except for the portion that is expected to be
paid within one year of the balance sheet date.  The entire balance of net unrecognized benefits of $93,654, $74,205 and
$125,918 are required to be classified as non-current at December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014, and December 28, 2013, respectively.
The net unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate. None of the unrecognized tax benefits are
due to uncertainty in the timing of deductibility. 

   

 Interest and penalties,
if any, accrued on the unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in income tax expense.  At December 26, 2015, December 27,
2014, and December 28, 2013, the Company had accrued approximately $2,479, $2,159, and $5,111, respectively, for interest. 
The interest component of the reserve increased (decreased) income tax expense for the years ending December 26, 2015, December
27, 2014, and December 28, 2013 by $320, ($2,953), and ($3,111), respectively. The Company had no amounts accrued for penalties
as the nature of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not warrant the imposition of penalties. 

   


 
       80   
       
     

   

 The Company files income
tax returns in Switzerland and U.S. federal jurisdictions, as well as various state, local and foreign jurisdictions.  With
few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local tax examinations by tax authorities for years
2012 and prior.  The Company is no longer subject to Taiwan income tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2009 and
prior.  The Company is no longer subject to United Kingdom tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2012 and prior.
The Company is subject to Switzerland income tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2011 through 2015. 

   

 The Company recognized
a reduction of income tax expense of $6,971, $83,006, and $74,217 in fiscal years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014,
and December 28, 2013, respectively, to reflect the expiration of statutes of limitations and releases due to audit settlement
in various jurisdictions. 

   

 The Company believes that
it is reasonably possible that approximately $5,000 to 10,000 of its reserves for certain unrecognized tax benefits will decrease
within the next 12 months as the result of the expiration of statutes of limitations. This potential decrease in unrecognized
tax benefits would impact the Company’s effective tax rate within the next 12 months 

   

 7. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

   

 	As required by the
 Financial Instruments  topic of the FASB ASC, the following summarizes required information about the fair value of certain
financial instruments for which it is currently practicable to estimate such value. None of the financial instruments are held
or issued for trading purposes. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     December 26, 2015     
     December 27, 2014   
 
         
     Carrying     
     Fair     
     Carrying     
     Fair   
 
         
     Amount     
     Value     
     Amount     
     Value   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 833,070     
     $ 833,070     
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,196,268   
 
     Restricted cash   
       259     
       259     
       308     
       308   
 
     Marketable securities   
       1,558,548     
       1,558,548     
       1,575,333     
       1,575,333   
 

   

 	For certain of the
Company’s financial instruments, including accounts receivable, loan receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities,
the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

   

 8. Segment Information  

   

 	The Company has identified
five reportable segments for external reporting purposes – auto, aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness. There are two operating
segments (auto PND and auto OEM) that are not reported separately but aggregated within the auto reportable segment. Each operating
segment is individually reviewed and evaluated by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who allocates resources and assesses
performance of each segment individually. 

   

 All of the Company’s
reportable segments offer products through the Company’s network of independent dealers and distributors as well as through
OEMs. However, the nature of products and types of customers for the five reportable segments vary. The Company’s
marine, auto, outdoor, and fitness segments include portable global positioning system (GPS) receivers and accessories sold primarily
to retail outlets. These products are produced primarily by the Company’s subsidiary in Taiwan. The Company’s aviation
products are portable and panel mount avionics for Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules navigation and are sold primarily
to aviation dealers and certain aircraft manufacturers. 

   


 
       81   
       
     

   

 The Company’s Chief
Executive Officer has been identified as the CODM. In 2015, the measure of segment profit or loss used by the CODM to assess segment
performance and allocate resources changed from income before income taxes to operating income. This change did not impact the
measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit or loss in the years ended December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014.
Operating income represents net sales less costs of goods sold and operating expenses, including certain allocated general and
administrative costs. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant
accounting policies. There are no inter-segment sales or transfers. 

   

 	The Company’s
reportable segments share many common resources, infrastructures and assets in the normal course of business. Thus, the Company
does not report accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, intangible assets, or capital expenditures by segment
to the CODM. 

   

 Revenues, gross profit,
and operating income for each of the Company’s reportable segments are presented below: 

   

 
 
         
     Reportable Segments   
 
     52-Weeks Ended December 26, 2015   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 425,150     
     $ 661,599     
     $ 286,778     
     $ 1,048,125     
     $ 398,618     
     $ 2,820,270   
 
     Gross profit   
       259,889     
       366,139     
       158,493     
       459,469     
       294,714     
       1,538,704   
 
     Operating income   
       140,200     
       134,574     
       28,611     
       134,939     
       111,257     
       549,581   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     52-Weeks Ended December 27, 2014   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 427,555     
     $ 568,440     
     $ 248,371     
     $ 1,240,377     
     $ 385,915     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Gross profit   
       266,550     
       358,287     
       129,710     
       569,452     
       280,413     
       1,604,412   
 
     Operating income   
       151,055     
       190,682     
       26,232     
       215,679     
       106,978     
       690,626   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     52-Weeks Ended December 28, 2013   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 410,989     
     $ 356,283     
     $ 222,928     
     $ 1,302,314     
     $ 339,337     
     $ 2,631,851   
 
     Gross profit   
       262,529     
       222,925     
       115,091     
       565,083     
       241,672     
       1,407,300   
 
     Operating income   
       159,197     
       120,250     
       18,493     
       188,517     
       87,575     
       574,032   
 

   

 Net sales, long-lived
assets (property and equipment), and net assets by geographic area are as shown below for the years ended December 26, 2015, December
27, 2014 and December 28, 2013. Note that APAC refers to the Asia Pacific region, and EMEA includes Europe, the Middle East and
Africa. 

   


 
       82   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Americas     
     APAC     
     EMEA     
     Total   
 
     December 26, 2015   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers
     (1)   
     $ 1,469,243     
     $ 337,888     
     $ 1,013,139     
     $ 2,820,270   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       294,234     
       111,701     
       40,154     
       446,089   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       2,110,108     
       921,410     
       313,608     
       3,345,126   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     December 27, 2014   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,538,322     
     $ 278,092     
     $ 1,054,244     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       269,858     
       111,464     
       49,565     
       430,887   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       2,142,624     
       939,852     
       320,891     
       3,403,367   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     December 28, 2013   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,432,895     
     $ 243,056     
     $ 955,900     
     $ 2,631,851   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       239,528     
       121,012     
       54,308     
       414,848   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       1,338,401     
       2,048,903     
       272,402     
       3,659,706   
 

   

 (1)  The U.S. is the only country which constitutes greater
than 10% of net sales to external customers. 

 (2)  Americas and APAC net assets are primarily held
in the United States and Taiwan, respectively. 

   

 9. Stock Compensation
Plans 

   

 Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation 

   

 The various Company stock compensation plans are summarized below. For all stock compensation plans, the
company’s policy is to issue treasury shares for option/stock appreciation right (SAR) exercises, restricted stock unit (RSU)
releases and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) purchases. 

   

 2011 Non-employee Directors’
Equity Incentive Plan 

   

 In June 2011, the stockholders
adopted an equity incentive plan for non-employee directors (the “2011 Directors Plan”) providing for grants of stock
options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares, pursuant to which up to 122,592 shares were available for issuance. The term of
each award cannot exceed ten years. Awards may vest over a minimum two-year period. In 2015, 2014, and 2013, 12,008, 7,120, and
11,484, restricted stock units were granted under this plan. 

   

 2005 Equity Incentive
Plan 

   

 In June 2005, the
shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2005 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and
nonqualified stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant
to which up to 10,000,000 common shares were available for issuance. In 2013, the shareholders approved an additional
3,000,000 shares to the plan, making the total shares authorized under the plan 13,000,000. Option and SAR grants vest evenly
over a period of five years or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally
expire ten years from the date of grant, if not exercised. RSUs granted prior to December 10, 2012 vested or are vesting
evenly over a period of five years, while RSUs granted on and after that date vest evenly over a period of three years. In
addition to time-based vesting requirements, the vesting of certain RSU grants is also contingent upon the achievement of
certain revenue and profitability goals. During 2015, 2014, and 2013, 1,171,905, 425,347, and 413,978 RSUs were granted under
the 2005 Plan. No SARs were granted under the 2005 Plan in 2015. During 2014 and 2013, 47,095 and 52,673 SARs were granted
under the 2005 plan. 

   


 
       83   
       
     

   

 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan 

   

 In October 2000, the shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2000 Plan”) providing
for grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to 7,000,000 common shares were available for issuance. The stock options and SARs vest evenly
over a period of five years or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire
ten years from the date of grant, if not exercised. The Company did not grant any stock awards from the 2000 Plan in 2015, 2014,
or 2013. 

   

 2000 Non-employee Directors’
Option Plan 

   

 Also in October 2000, the
stockholders adopted a stock option plan for non-employee directors (the “2000 Directors Plan”) providing for grants
of options for up to 100,000 common shares. In 2009, the stockholders approved an additional 150,000 shares to the plan, making
the total shares authorized under the plan 250,000. The term of each award is ten years. All awards vest evenly over a three-year
period. Following the June 2011 approval of the 2011 Directors Plan, the Company will no longer issue options to purchase shares
under this plan. 

   

 Stock-Based Compensation
Activity 

   

 A summary of the Company’s
stock-based compensation activity and related information under the 2011 Directors Plan, the 2005 Plan, the 2000 Plan and the
2000 Directors Plan for the years ended December 26, 2015, December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 is provided below: 

   

 
 
         
     Stock Options and SARs   
 
         
     Weighted-Average     
         
 
         
     Exercise Price     
     Number of Shares   
 
         
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
         
 
     Outstanding at December 29, 2012   
     $ 55.88     
       7,132   
 
     Granted   
     $ 49.07     
       52   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 26.85     
       (662 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 66.09     
       (283 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 28, 2013   
     $ 58.44     
       6,239   
 
     Granted   
     $ 52.44     
       47   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 40.60     
       (1,430 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 80.49     
       (125 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 27, 2014   
     $ 63.19     
       4,731   
 
     Granted   
             
       0   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 29.15     
       (474 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 70.58     
       (196 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 26, 2015   
     $ 66.80     
       4,061   
 
     Exercisable at December 26, 2015   
     $ 67.23     
       3,970   
 
     Expected to vest after December 26, 2015   
     $ 47.92     
       91   
 

   


 
       84   
       
     

   

 
 
     Stock Options and SARs as of December 26, 2015 
 
     Exercise   
     Awards     
     Remaining     
     Awards   
 
     Price   
     Outstanding     
     Life (Years)     
     Exercisable   
 
         
     (In Thousands)     
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     $18.00 -$40.00   
       60     
       4.65     
       49   
 
     $40.01 - $60.00   
       1,998     
       1.86     
       1,918   
 
     $60.01 - $80.00   
       977     
       1.44     
       977   
 
     $80.01 - $100.00   
       3     
       1.96     
       3   
 
     $100.01 - $120.00   
       1,021     
       1.93     
       1,021   
 
     $120.01 - $140.00   
       2     
       1.76     
       2   
 
         
       4,061     
       1.81     
       3,970   
 

   

 
 
         
     Restricted Stock Units   
 
         
     Weighted-Average     
         
 
         
     Grant Date Fair Value     
     Number of Shares   
 
         
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
         
 
     Outstanding at December 29, 2012   
     $ 30.06     
       1,460   
 
     Granted   
     $ 45.05     
       425   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 28.28     
       (579 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 30.63     
       (81 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 28, 2013   
     $ 37.36     
       1,225   
 
     Granted   
     $ 48.73     
       432   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 36.00     
       (522 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 37.02     
       (47 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 27, 2014   
     $ 42.55     
       1,088   
 
     Granted   
     $ 37.07     
       1,184   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 40.18     
       (562 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 42.02     
       (53 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 26, 2015   
     $ 39.45     
       1,657   
 

   

 The weighted-average remaining
contract life for stock options and SARs outstanding and exercisable at December 26, 2015 is 1.81 and 1.67 years, respectively.
The weighted-average remaining contract life of restricted stock units at December 26, 2015 was 1.54 years. 

   

 The fair value of awards
is determined at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of RSUs is calculated using the
closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of estimated dividends over
the vesting period, which are not accrued. The fair value of stock options and SARs was calculated with the following weighted-average
assumptions for 2014 and 2013. No options or SARs were granted in 2015. 

   

 
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted   
     $ 12.42     
     $ 12.82   
 
     Expected volatility   
       0.3342     
       0.3746   
 
     Dividend yield   
       3.57 %   
       3.86 % 
 
     Expected life of options in years   
       6.8     
       6.8   
 
     Risk-free interest rate   
       1.9 %   
       2.1 % 
 

   


 
       85   
       
     

   

 The Black-Scholes option
valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options and SARs which have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including
the expected stock price volatility. 

   

 The total fair value of
awards vested during 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $23,351, $19,127, and $20,956, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of options
and SARs outstanding and exercisable at December 26, 2015 were $207 and $207, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of
options and SARs exercised during 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $3,714, $18,885, and $13,114 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of RSUs outstanding at December 26, 2015 was $61,259. The aggregate intrinsic values of RSUs released during 2015, 2014,
and 2013, were $20,787, $28,119, and $27,007 respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of options and SARs represents the applicable
number of awards multiplied by the positive difference between the exercise price and the Company’s closing stock price
on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the applicable number of awards
multiplied by the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. The Company’s
closing stock price was $36.98 on December 26, 2015. As of December 26, 2015, there was $52,590 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards granted to employees under the stock compensation plans. That cost is
expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period. 

   

 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan 

   

 The shareholders also adopted an ESPP. Up to 6,000,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for the
ESPP with shareholders approving an additional 2,000,000 shares in June 2015. Shares will be offered to employees at a price equal
to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of the stock on the date of purchase or 85% of the fair market value on the first
day of the ESPP period. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the
Internal Revenue Code. During 2015, 2014, and 2013, 488,753, 349,982, and 395,220, shares, respectively were purchased under the
plan for a total purchase price of $16,789, $14,634, and $12,181, respectively. During 2015, 2014, and 2013, the purchases were
issued from treasury shares. At December 26, 2015, approximately 2,000,628 shares were available for future issuance. 

   

 10. Earnings Per Share 

   

 The following table sets
forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share: 

   


 
       86   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 26,     
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Numerator:   
             
             
           
 
     Numerator for basic and diluted net income per share - net income   
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Denominator:   
             
             
           
 
     Denominator for basic net income per share – weighted-average common shares   
       190,631     
       193,106     
       195,411   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Effect of dilutive securities – stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units   
       476     
       1,059     
       928   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Denominator for diluted net income per share – adjusted weighted-average common shares   
       191,107     
       194,165     
       196,339   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Diluted net income per share   
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12   
 

   

 There were 4,087, 2,240
and 5,475 outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units (collectively “equity awards”)
excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years of 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, because
the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

   

 11. Share Repurchase Plan 

   

 On February 13, 2015,
the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $300,000 of its common shares
through December 31, 2016.  Under the plan, the Company repurchased 3,148,901 shares using cash of $131,413 in fiscal 2015.  

   

 On February 15, 2013,
the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $300,000 of its common shares
through December 31, 2014.  Under the plan, the Company repurchased 1,376,500 shares using cash of $58,422 in fiscal 2013
and 4,369,360 shares using cash of $241,578 in fiscal 2014.  

   


 
       87   
       
     

   

 12. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

   

 The following provides
required disclosure of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) balances by component for the year ended December
26, 2015: 

   

 
 
         
     Foreign Currency  Translation  Adjustment     
     Gross unrealized  losses on  available-for-sale  securities-OTTI (1 )     
     Net unrealized 
    gains (losses) on  available-for-sale  securities-  Other (2)     
     Total   
 
     Balance - beginning of period   
     $ 20,874     
     $ (13,031 )   
     $ (5,272 )   
     $ 2,571   
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassification   
       (34,981 )   
       7,754     
       (5,599 )   
       (32,826 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income   
       -     
       -     
       (173 )   
       (173 ) 
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       (34,981 )   
       7,754     
       (5,772 )   
       (32,999 ) 
 
     Balance - end of period   
     $ (14,107 )   
     $ (5,277 )   
     $ (11,044 )   
     $ (30,428 ) 
 

   

 (1) Represents the change in impairment,
not related to credit, for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

 (2) Represents the change in unrealized
gains (losses) on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

   

 The following provides
required disclosure of reporting reclassifications out of AOCI for the year ended December 26, 2015: 

   

 
 
     Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive  Income Components   
     Amount Reclassified from  Accumulated Other  Comprehensive Income     
     Affected Line Item in the Statement  Where Net Income is Presented 
 
         
           
       
 
     Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities   
     $ 54     
     Other income (expense) 
 
         
       119     
     Income tax provision 
 
         
     $ 173     
     Net of tax 
 

   


 
       88   
       
     

   

 13. Selected Quarterly Information (Unaudited) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Quarter Ending   
 
         
     March 28     
     June 27     
     September 26     
     December 26   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 585,394     
     $ 773,830     
     $ 679,690     
     $ 781,358   
 
     Gross profit   
       344,122     
       419,250     
       362,190     
       413,143   
 
     Net income   
       66,793     
       137,753     
       119,299     
       132,383   
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 0.35     
     $ 0.72     
     $ 0.63     
     $ 0.70   
 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2014   
 
         
     Quarter Ending   
 
         
     March 29     
     June 28     
     September 27     
     December 27   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 583,221     
     $ 777,848     
     $ 706,283     
     $ 803,306   
 
     Gross profit   
       330,834     
       444,485     
       398,246     
       430,848   
 
     Net income (loss)   
       118,818     
       181,983     
       (146,834 )   
       210,245   
 
     Basic net income (loss) per share   
     $ 0.61     
     $ 0.94     
     $ (0.76 )   
     $ 1.10   
 

   

 The above quarterly financial
data is unaudited, but in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the selected data for
these interim periods presented have been included. These results are not necessarily indicative of future quarterly results (the
table may not foot due to rounding). 

   

 14. Subsequent Events 

   

 On January 13, 2016, Garmin
International, Inc. acquired PulsedLight, Inc., a privately-held designer of optical distance measurement technology based in
Bend, Oregon. This acquisition was not material. 

   

 On February 11, 2016,
Garmin Ltd. announced the signing of a purchase agreement to acquire DeLorme, a privately-held company that designs and markets
consumer based satellite tracking devices with two-way communication and navigational capabilities based in Yarmouth, Maine. This
acquisition is not expected to be material. 

   

 In 2016, the Company
plans to move action camera related revenues and expenses from the Outdoor segment to the Auto segment allowing for alignment
and synergies with other camera-based efforts occurring within the Auto segment. The Company will recast 2014 and 2015 segment results on a quarterly basis for comparability purposes. 

   


 
       89   
       
     

   

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

   

 (a) Conclusion Regarding
the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

   

 (b) Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 Management of the Company
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 Management’s assessment
of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting are included as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1
and 32.2. 

   

 Management of the Company
assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 26, 2015. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework” (2013 framework). 

   

 Based on such assessment
and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 26, 2015. 

   

 Ernst & Young LLP,
the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company’s consolidated financial statements, issued an
attestation report on management’s effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 26, 2015, as stated in their report which is included herein. That attestation report appears below. 

   


 
       90   
       
     

    

 

 (c) Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Garmin Ltd. 
 and Subsidiaries 

   

 We have audited Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries’ internal control
over financial reporting as of December 26, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Garmin Ltd.’s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

   

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 In our opinion, Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 26, 2015, based on the COSO criteria. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries as of December
26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 26, 2015 of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries and our report
dated February 17, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

   

 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

   

 Kansas City, Missouri 

 February 17, 2016 

   


 
       91   
       
     

   

 (d) Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 26, 2015 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
       92   
       
     

   

 PART III 

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

   

 Garmin has incorporated
by reference certain information in response or partial response to the Items under this Part III of this Annual Report on Form
10-K pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of this Form 10-K and Rule 12b-23 under the Exchange Act. Garmin’s definitive
proxy statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 10, 2016 (the “Proxy Statement”)
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 26, 2015. 

   

 
 (a) Directors of the Company  

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal 1 - Election of Two Directors” and “The
Board of Directors” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

 

   

 
 (b) Executive Officers of the Company 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I
of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (c) Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (d) Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the heading “The Board of Directors — Audit Committee” in the
Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 The Audit Committee consists
of Joseph J. Hartnett, Charles W. Peffer and Thomas P. Poberezny. Mr. Peffer serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. All
members of the Audit Committee are “independent” within the meaning of the rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Marketplace
Rules. Garmin’s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Hartnett and Mr. Peffer are “audit committee financial
experts” as defined by the SEC regulations implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

   

 
 (e) Code of Ethics 

   

 Garmin’s Board
of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the “Code”). The Code is applicable
to all Garmin employees including the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller and
other officers. A copy of the Code is available on Garmin’s website at:	
http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/documents/Code_of_Conduct.pdf. If any amendments to the Code are made, or any
waivers with respect to the Code are granted to the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or
Controller, or any person performing a similar function, such amendment or waiver will be disclosed on Garmin’s website
at: http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/documents/Code_of_Conduct.pdf. 

   


 
       93   
       
     

   

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Executive Compensation Matters” and “The Board
of Directors – Non-Management Director Compensation” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K under the heading “The Board of Directors — Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation; Certain Relationships” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Compensation Matters – Report of Compensation
Committee” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 
 
     Item
    12.  
     Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 403 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 12. 

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information  

   

 The following table gives
information as of December 26, 2015 about the Garmin common shares that may be issued under all of the Company’s existing
equity compensation plans, as adjusted for stock splits. 

   

 
 
         
     A     
     B     
     C   
 
     Plan Category   
     Number of securities
    to   be issued upon exercise   of outstanding options,   warrants and rights     
     Weighted-average  
    exercise price of   outstanding options,   warrants and rights     
     Number of securities
      remaining available for  future issuance under equity   compensation plans   (excluding securities   reflected
    in column A)   
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by   shareholders   
       5,717,171     
     $ 66.80     
       6,294,678   
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved   by shareholders 
     -   
       - 
     - 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Total   
       5,717,171     
     $ 66.80     
       6,294,678   
 


   

 Table consists of the
Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective June 5, 2010), the Garmin Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan, the Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Option Plan, effective June 5, 2010, the Garmin
Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective January 1, 2010 and the Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors
Equity Incentive Plan, effective June 3, 2011. The weighted-average exercise price does not reflect the shares that will be issued
upon the payment of outstanding awards of RSUs. 

   


 
       94   
       
     

   

 The Company has no knowledge
of any arrangement, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation;
Certain Relationships” in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 13. 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal One— Election of Two Directors” and
“The Board of Directors” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to
this Item 13. 

   

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and
Services 

   

 The information set forth
under the headings “Audit Matters — Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees” and “Pre-Approval
of Services Provided by the Independent Auditor” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference in response
to this Item 14. 

   


 
       95   
       
     

   

 PART IV 

   

 Item 15.   Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules
 

   

 
 (a) List of Documents filed as part of this Report 

   

 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 The consolidated financial statements and related notes,
together with the reports of Ernst & Young LLP, appear in Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”
of this Form 10-K. 

   

 
 (2) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

   

 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable,
                                         are insignificant or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial
                                         statements or notes thereto. 

   

 
 (3) Exhibits — The following exhibits are filed as part
                                         of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

   

 
 
     EXHIBIT 
       
       
 
     NUMBER 
       
     DESCRIPTION 
 
       
       
       
 
     3.1 
       
     Articles of Association of Garmin Ltd., as amended and restated
    on June 6, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
    July 29, 2015). 
 
       
       
       
 
     3.2 
       
     Organizational Regulations of Garmin Ltd., as amended on February
    14, 2014(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19,
    2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.1 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1  of  the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed December 6, 2000
    (Commission File No. 333-45514)). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.2 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Employees of Garmin International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004).  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.3 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Employees of Garmin Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.4 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for UK-Approved Stock Options for Employees of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.5 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Non UK-Approved Stock Options for Employees of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
   


 
       96   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.6 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of  the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 filed December 6, 2000 (Commission File No. 333-45514)). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.7 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd.  Non-Employee
    Directors’ Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Garmin Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.8 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2006). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.9 
       
     First Amendment to Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2002). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.10 
       
     Second Amendment to Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2003).
     
 
       
       
       
 
     10.11 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1  of  the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.12 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005
    Equity Incentive 
 
       
       
     Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.13 
       
     Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q filed on May 8, 2007). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.14 
       
     Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.15 
       
     Amended and Restated Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
    filed on February 26, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.16 
       
     Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under
    the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.17 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd.
    2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.18 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2009 Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2009 
 
   


 
       97   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.19 
       
     Amended and Restated Garmin Ltd. Employee
    Stock Purchase Plan, effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Registrant’s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.20 
       
     Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under
    the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as revised by the Registrant’s Board of Directors on December 11, 2009 (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.21 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd.
    2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as revised by the Registrant’s Board of Directors on December 11, 2009 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.22 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated
    Effective June 5, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
    filed on April 21, 2009). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.23 
       
      Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan, Effective June 5, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Schedule 2 of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement on
    Schedule 14A filed on April 21, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.24 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.25 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
    28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.26 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.27 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.28 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. Amended
    and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.29 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.30 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss residents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
   


 
       98   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.31 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
    pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss residents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.32 
       
     Transaction Agreement between Garmin Ltd., a Cayman Islands company,
    and the Registrant, dated as of May 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.33 
       
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on June 27, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.34 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive
    Plan (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed on April
    21, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.35 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.36 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.37 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Canadian grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.38 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss and non-Canadian grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.39 
       
     Memorandum of Agreement dated March 14, 2013 between Garmin International,
    Inc. and Bombardier, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    filed on May 8, 2013). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.40 
       
     Amendment dated December 6, 2013 to Memorandum of Agreement between
    Garmin International, Inc. and Bombardier, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Registrant’s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.41  
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated
    Effective June 7, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed
    on April 22, 2013).  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.42 
       
     Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement dated August 4,
    2014 between Garmin Ltd. and each of Douglas G. Boessen, Dr. Donald H. Eller, Andrew R. Etkind, Joseph J. Hartnett, Charles
    W. Peffer, Dr. Min H. Kao, Clifton A. Pemble and Thomas P. Poberezny (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.43 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards
    to grantees who are executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2015). 
 
   


 
       99   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.44 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
    pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based and time-based vesting restricted
    stock unit awards to grantees who are not executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2015).  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.45 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.47 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated
    on June 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
    8, 2015). 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of subsidiaries 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1 
       
     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
       
 
     24.1 
       
     Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
   

 
 
     Exhibit 101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
   

 
 (b) Exhibits . 

   

 The exhibits listed
on the accompanying Exhibit Index in Item 15(a)(3) are filed as part of, or are incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   


 
       100   
       
     

   

 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . 

   

 Reference is made to
Item 15(a)(2) above. 

   


 
       101   
       
     

    

 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
ACCOUNTS 

 Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

 ( In thousands ) 

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
         
     Balance at     
     Charged to     
     Charged to     
           
     Balance at   
 
         
     Beginning of     
     Costs and     
     Other     
           
     End of   
 
     Description   
     Period     
     Expenses     
     Accounts     
     Deductions     
     Period   
 
     Year Ended December 26, 2015:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 18,330     
     $ (2,521 )   
       -     
     $ (2,004 )   
     $ 13,805   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       37,135     
       23,257     
       -     
       (14,321 )   
       46,071   
 
     Deferred tax asset valuation allowance   
       11,358     
       422     
       -     
       (8,999 )   
       2,781   
 
     Total   
     $ 66,823     
     $ 21,158     
       -     
     $ (25,324 )   
     $ 62,657   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Year Ended December 27, 2014:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 20,367     
     $ 66     
       -     
     $ (2,103 )   
     $ 18,330   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       28,381     
       25,903     
       -     
       (17,149 )   
       37,135   
 
     Deferred tax asset valuation allowance   
       63,361     
       2,930     
       -     
       (54,933 )   
       11,358   
 
     Total   
     $ 112,109     
     $ 28,899     
       -     
     $ (74,185 )   
     $ 66,823   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Year Ended December 28, 2013:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 20,582     
     $ 1,553     
       -     
     $ (1,768 )   
     $ 20,367   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       26,105     
       20,891     
       -     
       (18,615 )   
       28,381   
 
     Deferred tax asset valuation allowance   
       51,393     
       19,480     
       -     
       (7,512 )   
       63,361   
 
     Total   
     $ 98,080     
     $ 41,924     
       -     
     $ (27,895 )   
     $ 112,109   
 

   


 
       102   
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
       
     GARMIN LTD. 
 
       
       
       
 
     
     By 
     /s/ Clifton A. Pemble 
 
       
       
     Clifton A. Pemble 
 
       
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   

 Dated: February 17, 2016 

   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

   

 Know all persons by these presents, that
each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Clifton A. Pemble and Douglas G. Boessen and Andrew R. Etkind,
and each of them, as his attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes,
may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated on February 17, 2016. 

   

 
 
     /s/  Clifton A. Pemble 
       
       
 
     Clifton A Pemble 
       
       
 
     Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
       
       
 
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Douglas G. Boessen 
       
       
 
     Douglas G. Boessen 
       
       
 
     Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
       
       
 
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Min H. Kao 
       
     /s/ Joseph J. Hartnett 
 
     Min H. Kao 
       
     Joseph J. Hartnett 
 
     Executive Chairman 
       
     Director 
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/Donald H. Eller 
       
     /s/ Thomas P. Poberezny 
 
     Donald H. Eller 
       
     Thomas P. Poberezny 
 
     Director 
       
     Director 
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Charles W. Peffer 
       
       
 
     Charles W. Peffer 
       
       
 
     Director 
       
       
 
   


 
       103   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. 

 2015 Form 10-K Annual Report 

 Exhibit Index 

   

 The following exhibits are attached hereto.
See Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of exhibits. 

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
       
       
 
     Number 
       
     Document 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of subsidiaries 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1 
       
     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
   

 
 
     Exhibit 101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
   


 
       104   
     

    
 
 
 
 
