
 10-K
 1
 a2237863z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 

 

 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 Form 10-K   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 ý 
   
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT of 1934 
 
 
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 
 
 
   o 
   
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
 
  
  Commission File Number 000-30833   

 BRUKER CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Delaware 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or organization) 
   
  04-3110160 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 40 Manning Road, Billerica, MA   (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
  01821 
(Zip Code) 
 
 
 
  
  Registrant's
telephone number, including area code:  (978) 663-3660 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class  
   
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  
 
 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
   
 The Nasdaq Global Select Market 
 
 
 
  
  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   None 

          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). Yes  ý     No  o   

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  o   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o 
   
 


 


 Smaller reporting company  o      Emerging growth company  o 
 
 
 
  
           If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý   

          The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2018 (the last business day of the
registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was $2,897,458,856, based on the reported last sale price on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The number of shares of the registrant's
common stock outstanding as of February 25, 2019 was 156,741,933.  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

           Portions of the information required by Part III of this report (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) are incorporated by
reference from the registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant's fiscal
year.   
      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   


   

   
   BRUKER CORPORATION          

       ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K          

       TABLE OF CONTENTS          

 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page  
 
 
    Part I 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 1 
   
   Business 
   
 3 
 
 
   Item 1A 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
 17 
 
 
   Item 1B 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
 34 
 
 
   Item 2 
   
   Properties 
   
 34 
 
 
   Item 3 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
 35 
 
 
   Item 4 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
 36 
 
 
    Part II 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 5 
   
   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
 37 
 
 
   Item 6 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
 39 
 
 
   Item 7 
   
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
 41 
 
 
   Item 7A 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
 65 
 
 
   Item 8 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
 68 
 
 
   Item 9 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
 124 
 
 
   Item 9A 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
 124 
 
 
   Item 9B 
   
   Other Information 
   
 124 
 
 
    Part III 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 10 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
 125 
 
 
   Item 11 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
 125 
 
 
   Item 12 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
 125 
 
 
   Item 13 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
   
 126 
 
 
   Item 14 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
   
 126 
 
 
    Part IV 
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 15 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
   
 127 
 
 
   Item 16 
   
   Form 10-K Summary 
   
 130 
 
 
   
   
   Signatures 
   
 131 
 
 
 
 
  
          Any
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes", "anticipates", "plans", "expects",
"seeks", "may", "will", "intend", "estimates", "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on
current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our intentions regarding our intellectual
property, the impact of government contracts and government regulation, our working capital requirements and sufficiency of cash, seasonality of our business, sufficiency of our facilities, our
employee relations, the impact of legal proceedings, the impact of changes to tax and accounting rules and changes in law, our anticipated tax rate, our expectations regarding cash dividends, expenses
and capital expenditures, the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and changes in commodity prices, and our expectations regarding  

 1 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 revenue.
The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to adverse changes in the
economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, the integration of businesses we have acquired or may acquire in the future, our restructuring and cost-control initiatives,
changing technologies, product development and market acceptance of our products, the cost and pricing of our products, manufacturing and outsourcing, competition, dependence on collaborative
partners, key suppliers and third party distributors, capital spending and government funding policies, changes in governmental regulations, intellectual property rights, litigation, exposure to
foreign currency fluctuations, our ability to service our debt obligations and fund our anticipated cash needs, the effect of a concentrated ownership of our common stock, loss of key personnel,
payment of future dividends, climate change and other factors. Many of these factors are described in more detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and
from time to time in other filings we may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, we specifically disclaims any
obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, and readers should not rely on those forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of the filing of this
report.  

         References
to "we," "us," "our," "management" or the "Company" refer to Bruker Corporation and, in some cases, its subsidiaries, as well as all predecessor entities.  

         Our
principal executive offices are located at 40 Manning Road, Billerica, MA 01821, and our telephone number is (978) 663-3660. Information about Bruker Corporation is available
at  www.bruker.com . The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into and does not form a part of this report. All trademarks,
trade names or copyrights referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners.  

 2 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART I          

   
       ITEM 1     BUSINESS          

 


 


Our Business   

         We are a developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-performance scientific instruments and analytical and diagnostic solutions that enable
our customers to explore life and materials at microscopic, molecular and cellular levels. Many of our products are used to detect, measure and visualize structural characteristics of chemical,
biological and industrial material samples. Our products address the rapidly evolving needs of a diverse array of customers in life science research, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, applied markets,
cell biology, clinical research, microbiology, in-vitro diagnostics, nanotechnology and materials science research. Our technology platforms include magnetic resonance technologies, mass spectrometry
technologies, gas and liquid chromatography triple quadrupole mass spectrometry technologies, X-ray technologies, spark-optical emission spectroscopy, atomic force microscopy, stylus and optical
metrology technology, fluorescence optical microscopy, and infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies. We also develop, manufacture and distribute a range of field analytical systems for
chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives, or CBRNE, detection. Our infectious disease portfolio includes DNA test strips and fluorescence-based polymerase chain reaction (PCR)
technology for specific infectious disease applications. We also develop, manufacture and market high and low temperature superconducting materials and devices based primarily on metallic low
temperature superconductors. Our corporate headquarters are located in Billerica, Massachusetts. We maintain major technical and manufacturing centers in Europe and North America, and have sales
offices located throughout the world.  

         We
originally were incorporated in Massachusetts in February 1991, as Bruker Federal Systems Corporation. In February 2000, we reincorporated in Delaware as Bruker Daltonics Inc.
In July 2003, we merged with Bruker AXS Inc., and we were the surviving corporation in that merger. In connection with that merger, we changed our name to Bruker BioSciences Corporation and
formed two operating subsidiaries, Bruker Daltonics and Bruker AXS. In July 2006, we acquired Bruker Optics Inc. In February 2008, we acquired the Bruker BioSpin group of companies and changed
our name to Bruker Corporation.  

 


 


Business Segments   

         We have two reportable segments,  Bruker Scientific Instruments (BSI) , which represented
approximately 90% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2018, and  Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) , which
represented the remainder of our revenues. Within BSI, we are organized into three operating segments: the Bruker BioSpin Group, the Bruker CALID Group and the Bruker Nano Group. For financial
reporting purposes, the Bruker BioSpin, Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments are aggregated into the BSI reportable segment because each has similar economic characteristics, production
processes, service offerings, types and classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments.  

 


 


BSI Segment   

 

 


 


Bruker BioSpin Group   

 

         The Bruker BioSpin Group comprises the Bruker Magnetic Resonance, Applied Industrial and Clinical, Preclinical Imaging and Service and Lifecycle
Support Divisions and designs, manufactures and distributes enabling life science tools based on magnetic resonance technology. Magnetic resonance is a natural phenomenon occurring when a molecule
placed in a magnetic field gives off a signature radio frequency. The signature radio frequency is characteristic of the particular molecule and provides a  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 multitude
of precise chemical and structural information. Depending on the intended application, we market and sell to our customers an NMR system or an EPR system (each as defined below).  


         Bruker
BioSpin also manufactures and sells single and multiple modality systems using MRI, PET, SPECT, CT and MPI technologies (each as defined below). Bruker BioSpin's products, which
have particular application in structural proteomics, drug discovery, pharmaceutical and biotechnology research and production, and the food and materials science fields, provide customers with the
ability to determine the structure, dynamics, and function of specific molecules, such as proteins, and to characterize and determine the composition of mixtures.  

         The
majority of Bruker BioSpin's customers are academic and government research facilities. Other customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; chemical, food and
beverage, clinical and polymer companies, and nonprofit laboratories.  


         During
2018, we launched a number of new products and technologies, including new probe technology and the next generation of our honey screener. We also installed a high-field 9.4 Tesla
small animal MRI (described below) system with integrated in-line PET (described below). During 2018, we acquired a 51% interest in Mestrelab Research, S.L. which will further expand our software
technologies.  

         Bruker
BioSpin Group's instruments are based on the following technology platforms: 

 
 
 • NMR —Nuclear magnetic resonance;  
 • EPR —Electron paramagnetic resonance;  
 • MRI —Magnetic resonance imaging;  
 • MPI —Magnetic particle imaging;  
 • PET —Positron emission tomography;  
 • SPECT —Single photon emission tomography; and  
 • CT —Computed tomography.  
 

          NMR  is a qualitative and quantitative analytical technique that is used to determine the molecular structure and purity of a sample.
Molecules are placed in a magnetic field and give off a radio frequency signature that is recorded by a sensitive detector. Analysis software helps to determine the molecular structure of the sample.
The NMR technique is used in academia, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, food and beverage and clinical companies, and by other industrial users in life science and material science research.  

          EPR  is a process of absorption of microwave radiation by paramagnetic ions or molecules with at least one unpaired electron that spins in
the presence of a static magnetic field. EPR detects unpaired electrons unambiguously, whereas other techniques can only provide indirect evidence of their presence. In addition, EPR can identify the
paramagnetic species that are detected, which present information on the molecular structure near the unpaired electron and give insight into dynamic processes such as molecular motions or fluidity.
Our EPR instruments are used for a wide range of applications, including advanced materials research, materials analysis and quality control.  

          MRI  is a process of creating an image from the manipulation of hydrogen atoms in a magnetic field. In the presence of an external magnetic
field, atoms will align with or against the external magnetic field. Application of a radio frequency causes the atoms to jump between high and low energy states. MRI and magnetic resonance
spectroscopy, or MRS, include many methods including diffusion-weighted, perfusion-weighted, molecular imaging and contrast-enhance. MRI offers high resolution morphologic information, as well as
functional, metabolic or molecular information. Customers use our  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 MRI
systems in pharmaceutical research, including metabolomics, to study a number of diseases, including diabetes, neurology, oncology and cardiovascular disorders.  


          MPI  is a process of creating an image from magnetic particles administered to the body of an animal. The magnetic particles are
manipulated in a combination of oscillating magnetic fields exhibiting a field free zone. The response of the particles allows a real time 3D data set acquisition of the whole body of an animal,
showing the contrast agent distributing in and flowing through the body. This imaging modality is used to detect cardiovascular disorders.  

          PET  is a process of creating an image from positrons after administration of a positron emitting radionuclide to the body of an animal.
Annihilation of the positron produces two photons which show an angle of 180° between them, distinguishing these photons from photons originating from other sources. The PET tracer
enriches in certain regions of interest within the body and gains molecular information from the animal  in vivo . This has widespread applications, most
importantly for oncology, inflammation, neurology and cardiovascular disorders, as well as metabolic disease, drug discovery and bone disease.  

          SPECT  uses a contrast agent containing radionuclides which directly emit single photons. The contrast agent enriches in certain parts of
the body of an animal and generates images of the radionuclide distribution in the body. SPECT has widespread application in animal investigations  in
vivo , most importantly in oncology, neurology and cardiovascular disorders.  

          CT  is a technology based on X-rays which are used to generate a complete 3D data set. The most important applications are tissue sample
analysis or non-invasive  in vivo  animal imaging. CT offers the highest spatial resolution of all preclinical imaging modalities and is especially useful
to generate morphological information about the object or animal under investigation. CT is being used in a wide range of preclinical investigations such as bone-orthopedics, cardiovascular,
pulmonary, oncology, metabolism and others.  

 

 


 


Bruker CALID Group   

 

         The Bruker CALID Group comprises the Bruker Daltonics, Bruker Detection and Bruker Optics Divisions. The Bruker Daltonics Division primarily
designs, manufactures and distributes life science mass spectrometry, or MS, instruments that can be integrated and used along with other sample preparation or chromatography instruments. These
products are used in research, pharmaceutical and biotechnology development and clinical diagnostic settings. Mass spectrometers are sophisticated devices that measure the mass or weight of a molecule
and can provide accurate information on the identity, quantity and primary structure of molecules. Mass spectrometry based solutions often combine advanced mass spectrometry instrumentation, automated
sampling and sample preparation robots, reagent kits and other disposable products used in conducting tests, or assays, and bioinformatics software. We offer mass spectrometry systems and integrated
solutions for applications in multiple existing and emerging life science markets and chemical and applied markets, including expression proteomics, clinical proteomics, metabolic and peptide
biomarker profiling, drug discovery and development, molecular diagnostics research and molecular and systems biology, as well as basic molecular medicine research and clinical microbiology (for in
vitro diagnostic (IVD) use only in certain countries and certain configurations).  

         The
Bruker Detection Division supplies various systems based on mass spectrometry, ion mobility spectrometry, infrared spectroscopy and radiological/nuclear detectors for CBRNE detection
in emergency response, homeland security and defense applications.  

         The
Bruker Optics Division manufactures and distributes research, analytical and process analysis instruments and solutions based on infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy
technologies. These products are utilized in industry, government and academia for a wide range of applications and  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 solutions
for life science, pharmaceutical, food and agricultural analysis, quality control and process analysis applications. Infrared and Raman spectroscopy are widely used in both research and
industry as simple, rapid, nondestructive and reliable techniques for applications ranging from basic sample identification and quality control to advanced research. The Bruker Optics Division also
utilizes Fourier transform and dispersive Raman measurement techniques on an extensive range of laboratory and process spectrometers. The Bruker Optics Division's products are complemented by a wide
range of sampling accessories and techniques, which include, among others, microanalysis and high-throughput screening to help users find suitable solutions to analyze their samples effectively.  

         Customers
of our Bruker CALID Group include pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics companies, contract research organizations, academic institutions, medical schools, nonprofit or
for-profit forensics, agriculture, food and beverage safety, environmental and clinical microbiology laboratories, hospitals and government departments and agencies.  

         During
2018, we launched a number of new mass spectrometry based product solutions and additional workflows, including the MALDI Biotyper "Bologna" work flow, timsTOFPro TM 
for proteomics and the scimaX TM  MRMS for biopharma and phenomics. We also acquired an 80% interest in Hain Lifescience GmbH ("Hain") and have the option to acquire the remaining
20% exercisable after 2022. Hain is an infectious disease specialist with a broad range of molecular diagnostics solutions for the detection of microbial and viral pathogens, as well as for molecular
antibiotic resistance testing.  

         The
Bruker CALID Group's instruments are based on the following technology platforms: 

 
 
 • MALDI-TOF —Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass
spectrometry, including tandem time-of-flight systems (MALDI-TOF/TOF);  
 • ESI-TOF —Electrospray ionization time-of-flight spectrometry, including tandem mass
spectrometry systems based on ESI-quadrupole-TOF mass spectrometry (ESI-Q-q-TOF);  
 • MRMS —Magnetic resonance mass spectrometry, including hybrid systems with a
quadrupole front end (Q-q-MRMS);  
 • ITMS —Ion trap mass spectrometry;  
 • GC-MS —Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry systems utilizing triple-quadrupole
time-of-flight mass spectrometry;  
 • LC-MS —Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry systems utilizing triple-quadrupole
time-of flight mass spectrometry;  
 • FT-IR —Fourier transform-infrared spectroscopy;  
 • NIR —Near-infrared spectroscopy; and  
 • Raman —Raman spectroscopy.  
 

          MALDI-TOF  mass spectrometers utilize an ionization process to analyze solid samples using a laser that combines high sample throughput
with high mass range and sensitivity. Our MALDI-TOF mass spectrometers are particularly useful for applications in clinical diagnostics, environmental and taxonomical research and food processing and
quality control. Specific applications include: oligonucleotide and synthetic polymer analysis; protein identification and quantification; peptide de novo sequencing; determination of
post-translational modifications of proteins; interaction proteomics and protein function analysis; drug discovery and development; and fast body fluid and tissue peptide or protein biomarker
detection. MALDI mass spectrometry allows users to classify and identify microorganisms quickly and reliably with minimal sample preparation efforts and life cycle costs. Our MALDI Biotyper solution,
which serves the clinical microbiology market, enables identification, taxonomical classification or dereplication of microorganisms like bacteria, yeasts and fungi.  

 6 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

          ESI-TOF  mass spectrometers utilize an electrospray ionization process to analyze liquid samples. This ionization process, which does not
dissociate the molecules, allows for rapid data acquisition and analysis of large biological molecules. ESI-TOF mass spectrometers are particularly useful for: identification, protein analysis and
functional complex analysis in proteomics and protein function; molecular identification in metabolomics, natural product and drug metabolite analysis; combinatorial chemistry high throughput
screening; and fast liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, or liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC-MS), in drug discovery and development.  


          MRMS  systems utilize high-field superconducting magnets to offer the highest resolution, selectivity, and mass accuracy currently
achievable in mass spectrometry. Our systems based on this technology often eliminate the need for time-consuming separation techniques in complex mixture analyses. In addition, our systems can
fragment molecular ions to perform exact mass analysis on all fragments to determine molecular structure. MRMS systems are particularly useful for: the study of structure and function of biomolecules,
including proteins, DNA and natural products; complex mixture analysis including body fluids or combinatorial libraries; high-throughput proteomics and metabolomics; and top-down proteomics of intact
proteins without the need for enzymatic digestion of the proteins prior to analysis. We offer next-generation hybrid MRMS systems that combine a traditional external quadrupole mass selector and
hexapole collision cell with a high-performance MRMS for further ion dissociation, top-down proteomics tools and ultra-high resolution detection.  

          ITMS  systems collect all ions simultaneously, which improves sensitivity relative to previous quadrupole mass spectrometers. Ion trap mass
spectrometers are particularly useful for sequencing and identification based on peptide structural analysis, quantitative liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, identification of combinatorial
libraries and generally enhancing the speed and efficiency of the drug discovery and development process.  


          GC-MS  systems combine the features of gas chromatography and mass spectrometry to identify different substances within a test sample. The
two components, used together, allow for a finer degree of substance identification than either system when used separately. The result is a quantitative analysis of the components and the mass
spectrum of each component. Our GC-MS systems are available in triple quadrupole configurations and can be configured with a variety of options to suit a range of applications. Our GC-MS systems have
applications in food and product safety, forensics, clinical and toxicology testing and environmental, pharmaceutical and chemical analysis.  


          LC-MS  systems combine the separation features of liquid chromatography with the molecular identification features of mass spectrometry to
separate, identify and quantify different substances within a test sample. As a complementary technique to GC-MS, which analyzes volatile compounds, LC-MS can be used to analyze a wide range of
non-volatile compounds in complex samples. Our LC-MS systems are available in a wide range of configurations to suit a user's specific needs. Although primarily used for life science applications, our
LC-MS systems also have applications in food and product safety, forensics and clinical and toxicology testing, as well as environmental, pharmaceutical and chemical analysis.  


          FT-IR  spectrometers utilize the mid- and far-infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum. Our FT-IR systems are commonly used for
various quality control and materials research applications.  

          NIR  spectrometers utilize the near-infrared region of the electromagnetic spectrum. Our NIR instruments are primarily used for quality and
process control applications in the pharmaceutical, food and agriculture and chemical industries. The pharmaceutical industry is the leading user of NIR instruments, and applications include quality
control, research and development and process analytical technology. The food and agricultural industry is the second largest user of NIR instrumentation, with an increasing demand for food, forage
and beverage quality control.  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          Raman  spectroscopy provides information on molecular structure. The mechanism of Raman scattering is different from that of infrared
absorption, in that Raman and IR spectra provide complementary information. Raman is useful for the identification of both organic and inorganic compounds and functional groups. It is a nondestructive
technique, and can be used for the analysis of both liquids and solids. Raman is well suited for use in the polymer and pharmaceutical industries, and has applications in the metals, electronics and
semiconductors industries. The technique also has applications in life sciences, forensics and artwork authentication.  

         Additionally,
the Bruker Detection Division offers a wide range of portable analytical and bioanalytical detection systems and related products for CBRNE detection. Our customers use
these devices for nuclear, biological agent and chemical agent defense applications, anti-terrorism, law enforcement and process and facilities monitoring. Our CBRNE detection products use many of the
same technology platforms as our life science products, as well as additional technologies, including infrared stand-off detection and ion mobility spectrometry, for handheld chemical detectors. We
also provide integrated, comprehensive detection suites that include our multiple detection systems, consumables, training and simulators.  

 

 


 


Bruker Nano Group   

 

         The Bruker Nano Group comprises the Bruker AXS, Bruker Nano Surfaces, Bruker Nano Analytics and Bruker Semiconductor Divisions. The Bruker AXS
Division designs, manufactures and distributes advanced X-ray instruments that use electromagnetic radiation with extremely short wavelengths to determine the characteristics of matter and the
three-dimensional structure of molecules. This includes a product portfolio of instruments based on X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy (XRF), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and X-ray micro computed tomography
(µCT), as well as spark optical emission spectroscopy systems (S-OES) used to analyze the concentration of elements in metallic samples.  

         Bruker
Nano Surfaces Division's products include atomic force microscopy instrumentation (AFM). Such instruments provide atomic or near atomic resolution of surface topography and
mechanical, electrical and chemical information using nano scale probes. In addition, the Bruker Nano Surfaces Division provides advanced fluorescence optical microscopy instruments for multi-photon,
multipoint scanning confocal and high-speed 3D super-resolution studies in life science applications. The Bruker Nano Surfaces Division also provides non-contact nanometer resolution topography
through white light interferometry and stylus profilometry.  

         The
Bruker Nano Analytics Division manufactures and markets analytical tools for electron microscopes, including energy-dispersive X-ray spectrometers (EDS), electron backscatter
diffraction systems (EBSD) and µCT accessories, as well as mobile and bench-top micro X-ray fluorescence (µXRF), total reflection X-ray fluorescence
spectrometers (TXRF) and handheld, portable and mobile X-ray fluorescence (HMP-XRF) spectrometry instruments.  


         The
Bruker Semiconductor Division manufactures and markets X-ray metrology and automated AFM defect-detection equipment for semiconductor process control.  

         Customers
of our Bruker Nano Group include academic institutions, governmental customers, nanotechnology companies, semiconductor companies, raw material manufacturers, industrial
companies, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and other businesses involved in materials analysis.  

         During
2018, we launched several new products, including an innovative tailorable next generation lattice light sheet, a light sheet clearing module for Neuroscience and a next
generation Ultima 2Pplus multiphoton system. We acquired Anasys Instruments Corp., a developer and manufacturer of nanoscale infrared spectroscopy and thermal measurement instruments, JPK
Instruments AG, which  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 adds
expertise in live-cell imaging, cellular mechanics, adhesion, and molecular force measurements, optical trapping, and biological stimulus-response characterization to Bruker's capabilities and
Alicona Imaging GmbH, a provider of optical based dimensional metrology products.  

         The
Bruker Nano Group's systems are based on the following technology platforms: 

 
 
 • XRD —Polycrystalline X-ray diffraction, often referred to as X-ray diffraction;    
 • XRF —X-ray fluorescence, also called X-ray spectrometry, including handheld XRF
systems;  
 • SC-XRD —Single crystal X-ray diffraction, often referred to as X-ray
crystallography;  
 • µCT —X-ray micro computed tomography;    
 • EDS —Energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy on electron microscopes;    
 • EBSD —Electron backscatter diffraction on electron microscopes;    
 • S-OES —Spark optical emission spectroscopy;  
 • CS/ONH —Combustion analysis for carbon, sulfur, oxygen, nitrogen, and hydrogen in
solids;  
 • AFM —Atomic force microscopy;  
 • FM —Fluorescence optical microscopy;  
 • SOM —Stylus and optical metrology; and  
 • TMT —Tribology and mechanical test systems for analysis of friction and wear.  
 

          XRD  systems investigate polycrystalline samples or thin films with single wavelength X-rays. The atoms in the polycrystalline sample
scatter the X-rays to create a unique diffraction pattern recorded by a detector. Computer software processes the pattern and produces a variety of information, including stress, texture, qualitative
and quantitative phase composition, crystallite size, percent crystallinity and layer thickness, composition, defects and density of thin films and semiconductor material. Our XRD systems contribute
to a reduction in the development cycles for new products in the catalyst, polymer, electronic, optical material and semiconductor industries. Customers also use our XRD systems academic and
government research facilities, as well as a variety of other fields, including forensics, art and archaeology.  


          XRF  systems determine the elemental composition of a material and provide a full qualitative and quantitative analysis. Our XRF systems
direct X-rays at a sample, and the atoms in the sample absorb the X-ray energy. The elements in the sample then emit X-rays that are characteristic for each element. The system collects the X-rays,
and the software analyzes the resulting data to determine the elements that are present. Our XRF products provide automated solutions on a turn-key basis for industrial users that require automated,
controlled production processes that reduce product and process cost, increase output and improve product quality. Our XRF products cover substantially all of the periodic table and can analyze solid,
powder or liquid samples.  

          SC-XRD  systems determine the three-dimensional structures of molecules in a chemical, mineral, or biological substance being analyzed.
SC-XRD systems have the capability to determine structure in both small chemical molecules and larger biomolecules. SC-XRD systems direct an X-ray beam at a solid, single crystal sample. The atoms in
the crystal sample scatter the X-rays to create a precise diffraction pattern recorded by an electronic detector. Software then reconstructs a model of the structure and provides the unique
arrangement of the atoms in the sample. This information on the exact arrangement of atoms in the sample is a critical part of molecular analysis and can provide insight into a variety of areas,
including how a protein functions or interacts with a second molecule. Our SC-XRD systems are designed for use in the life sciences industry, academic research and a variety of other applications.  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          µCT  is X-ray imaging in 3D, by the same method used in hospital CT scans, but on a small scale with massively
increased resolution. 3D microscopy allows users to image the internal structure of objects non-destructively on a very fine scale. Bruker µCT is available in a range of
easy-to-use desktop instruments, which generate 3D images of the sample's morphology and internal microstructure with
resolution down to the sub-micron level. Our µCT systems are used for numerous applications in materials research and in the life sciences industry.  

          EDS  systems analyze the chemical composition of materials under investigation in electron microscopes by utilizing the fact that atoms of
different chemical elements, when exposed to the high energy electron beam generated by the microscope, irradiate X-rays of different characteristic energy. The evaluation of the energy spectrum
collected by our spectrometer allows the determination of the qualitative and quantitative chemical sample composition at the current beam position. EDS systems allow for simultaneous analysis of all
elements in the periodic table, beginning with atomic number 4 (beryllium). Our EDS systems are used for a range of applications, including nanotechnology and advanced materials research, as
well as materials analysis and quality control. Customers for EDS systems include industrial customers, academia and government research facilities.  

          EBSD  systems are used to perform quantitative microstructure analysis of crystalline samples in electron microscopes. The microscope's
electron beam strikes the tilted sample and diffracted electrons form a pattern on a fluorescent screen. This pattern is characteristic of the crystal structure and orientation of the sample
region from which it was generated. It provides the absolute crystal orientation with sub-micron resolution. EBSD can be used to characterize materials with regard to crystal orientation, texture,
stress, strain and grain size. EBSD also allows the identification of crystalline phases and their distribution, and is applied to many industries such as metals processing, aerospace, automotive,
microelectronics and earth sciences.  

          S-OES  instruments are used for analyzing metals. S-OES covers a broad range of applications for metals analysis from pure metals trace
analysis to high alloyed grades, and allow for analysis of a complete range of relevant elements simultaneously. S-OES instruments pass an electric spark onto a sample, which burns the surface of the
sample and causes atoms to jump to a higher orbit. Our detectors quantify the light emitted by these atoms and help our customers to determine the elemental composition of the material. This technique
is widely used in production control laboratories of foundries and steel mills.  

          CS/ONH  carrier gas systems incorporate a furnace and infrared or thermal conductivity detection to analyze inorganic materials for the
determination of carbon, sulfur, nitrogen, oxygen and hydrogen. Combustion and inert gas fusion analyzers are used for applications in metal production and processing, chemicals, ceramics and cement,
coal processing, oil refining and semiconductors.  

          AFM  systems provide atomic or near-atomic resolution of material surface topography using a nano-scale probe that is brought into light
contact with the sample being investigated. In addition to presenting a surface image, AFM can also provide quantitative nano-scale measurements of feature sizes, material properties, electrical
information, chemical properties and other sample characteristics. Our AFM systems are used for applications in academic and governmental materials and biological research and semiconductor, data
storage hard drive, LED, battery, solar cells, polymers, and pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing.  

          FM  products use fluorescence microscopy to determine the structure and composition of life science samples. Our products include
two-photon microscopes, multipoint scanning confocal microscopes, laser illumination sources, photoactivation, photostimulation and photoablation accessories and synchronization and analysis software.
Two-photon microscopes allow imaging deep into tissues and cells and are used widely in neuroscience. Multipoint scanning confocal systems allow live cell imaging with rapid acquisition of images for
structural and composition analysis. We also offer super-resolution and single-molecule localization microscopy products which can break the optical diffraction limit by an order of magnitude.  

 10 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

          SOM  systems provide atomic or near-atomic two dimensional and three dimensional surface resolution using white
light interferometry, confocal optical and stylus profilometry methods. SOM profilers range from low-cost manual tools for single measurements to advanced, highly automated systems for production line
quality assurance and quality control applications where the combination of throughput, repeatability and reproducibility is essential. SOM profilers support a range of applications in research,
product development, tribology, quality control and failure analysis related to materials and machining in the automotive, orthopedic, ophthalmic, high brightness LED, semiconductor, data storage,
optics and other markets.  

          TMT  systems provide a platform for all types of common mechanical, friction, durability, scratch and indentation tests for a wide spectrum
of materials. Tribology systems are utilized for both academic research of the fundamental material properties and industrial applications in the semiconductor, aerospace, petroleum, automotive and
other industries.  

 


 


BEST Segment   

         BEST designs, manufactures and distributes superconducting materials, primarily metallic low temperature superconductors, for use in magnetic
resonance imaging, nuclear magnetic resonance, fusion energy research and other applications. BEST also develops, manufactures and markets ceramic, second generation high temperature superconductors
for energy technology and magnet research applications. Additionally, BEST develops, manufactures and markets sophisticated devices and complex tools based primarily on metallic low temperature
superconductors that have applications in "big science" research, including radio frequency accelerator cavities and modules, power couplers and linear accelerators. BEST also manufactures and sells
non-superconducting high technology tools, such as synchrotron and beamline instrumentation, principally to customers engaged in materials research and "big science" research projects.  

 


 


Sales and Marketing   

         We maintain direct sales forces throughout North America, Europe, Russia, China, Japan, and elsewhere in the Asia Pacific region. We also
utilize indirect sales channels to reach customers. We have various international distributors, independent sales representatives and various other representatives in parts of Asia, Latin America,
Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. These entities augment our direct sales force and provide coverage in areas where we do not have direct sales personnel. In addition, we have adopted a
distribution business model in which we engage in strategic distribution alliances with other companies to address certain market segments. The sales cycle for our products is dependent on the size
and complexity of the system and budgeting cycles of our customers. Our sales cycle is typically three to twenty-four months for academic and high-end research products and two weeks to six months for
industrial products. The sales cycle of our low temperature superconducting materials is typically four to twelve months, with cycles of certain high-end materials exceeding one year. Sales of our
high-end NMR and superconducting devices typically take more than one year and certain large, complex contracts can take more than two years to complete.  


         We
have well-equipped applications and demonstration facilities and qualified application personnel who assist customers and provide product demonstrations in specific application areas.
We maintain our primary demonstration facilities at our production facilities, as well as in other key market locations.  

 


 


Seasonal Nature of Business   

         Historically, we have higher levels of revenue in the fourth quarter and lower levels of revenues in the first quarter of the year, which we
believe is influenced by our customers' budgeting cycles.  

 11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Major Customers   

         We have a broad and diversified customer base and we do not depend on any single customer. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of
revenue in any of the last three fiscal years or more than 10% of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2018 or 2017.  

 


 


Competition   

         Our existing products and solutions and any products and solutions that we develop in the future may compete in multiple, highly competitive
markets. In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in our industries and many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Our
competitors may succeed in developing and offering products that could render our products or those of our strategic partners obsolete or noncompetitive. Our competitors may also have cost and price
advantages based upon the value of their currencies compared with the U.S. Dollar or Euro. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly more experience in the life sciences, chemical and
materials markets. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop proprietary products that reach our target markets in a timely manner and are technologically superior to
and/or less expensive, or more cost effective, than products marketed by our competitors. Current competitors or other companies may possess or develop technologies and products that are more
effective than ours. Our technologies and products may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances or by entirely different approaches developed by one or more of our competitors.  


         We
also compete with companies that provide analytical or automation tools based on technologies other than those we offer. These technologies may prove to be more successful in meeting
demands in the markets that our products and solutions are intended to serve. In addition, other companies may choose to enter our fields in the future. We believe that the principal competitive
factors in our markets are technology-based applications expertise, product specifications, functionality, reliability, marketing expertise, distribution capability, proprietary patent portfolios and
cost effectiveness.  


 


 


BSI Segment   

         Bruker BioSpin competes with companies that offer magnetic resonance spectrometers, mainly JEOL and Oxford Instruments. In the field of
preclinical imaging, Bruker BioSpin competes with Perkin Elmer, Mediso, Trifoil, MR Solutions and others. Bruker CALID competes with a variety of companies that offer mass spectrometry based systems.
Bruker CALID's competitors in the life science markets and chemical and applied markets include Danaher, Agilent, GE-Healthcare, Waters, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Shimadzu, Hitachi and JEOL. In the
microbiology market, we compete with Biomerieux. Bruker CALID's CBRNE detection customers are highly fragmented, and we compete with a number of companies in this area, of which the most significant
competitor is Smiths Detection. Bruker CALID also competes with a variety of companies that offer molecular spectrometry based systems, including Thermo Fisher Scientific, PerkinElmer, Agilent, Foss,
ABB Bomem, Buchi, Shimadzu and Jasco. In addition, there are several smaller companies, specializing in various markets, with which the Bruker CALID Group frequently competes. Bruker Nano competes
with companies that offer analytical X-ray solutions, OES systems, AFM and SOM systems and optical fluorescence systems, primarily Rigaku, Oxford Instruments, Agilent, Thermo Fisher Scientific,
Ametek's Spectro and Edax divisions, PANalytical, Olympus, Nikon, Zeiss and Danaher's Leica business.  


 


 


BEST Segment   

         BEST competes with Luvata, Western Superconducting Technologies Co., Ltd.(WST), and Jastec Co., Ltd. in low
temperature superconducting materials. In addition, BEST competes with Fujikura, SuperPower (a Furukawa company), Superconductor Technologies Inc. and SuNam Co., Ltd.  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 in
the market for second generation high temperature superconducting materials. BEST further competes with Zanon, Mitsubishi Electric and AES in the development and supply of accelerator cavities,
with Thales, Toshiba and CPI International in the development and supply of radio frequency couplers, with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in the development and supply of superconducting accelerator
modules and with AES and Thales for electron linear accelerators.  

 


 


Manufacturing and Supplies   

         Several of our manufacturing facilities are certified under ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 13485, an international quality standard. We
manufacture and test our magnetic resonance products at our facilities in Faellanden, Switzerland; Wissembourg, France; and Karlsruhe, Germany. We manufacture and test our preclinical imaging products
at our facilities in Ettlingen, Germany; Wissembourg, France; Kontich, Belgium; and Faellanden, Switzerland. We manufacture and test our mass spectrometry products, including CBRNE detection products,
at our facilities in Bremen, Germany and Leipzig, Germany. We principally manufacture and test our molecular spectroscopy products at our facilities in Ettlingen, Germany. We manufacture and test our
X-ray, OES and AFM products at our facilities in Karlsruhe, Germany; Berlin, Germany; Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.; Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A.; Kennewick, Washington, U.S.A.; and Migdal Ha'Emek,
Israel. We manufacture and test the majority of our energy and superconducting products at our facilities in Hanau, Germany; Bergisch Gladbach, Germany; Perth, Scotland and Carteret, New Jersey,
U.S.A. Manufacturing processes at our facilities in Europe, Israel and California, U.S.A. include all phases of manufacturing, such as machining, fabrication, subassembly, system assembly, and final
testing. Our other facilities primarily perform high-level assembly, system integration and final testing. We typically manufacture critical components in-house to ensure key competence and outsource
to third party manufacturers non-critical components.  

         We
purchase materials and components from various suppliers that are either standard products or built to our specifications. We obtain some of the components included in our products
from a limited group of suppliers or from a single-source supplier for items such as charge coupled device area detectors, X-ray tubes, robotics, infrared optics and others. BEST has an ongoing
collaboration and a joint technology development agreement with Allegheny Technologies Incorporated to advance state-of-the-art niobium-based superconductors, including those used in MRI magnets for
the medical industry, and preclinical MRI magnets used in the life-science tools industry.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         We commit substantial capital and resources to internal and collaborative research and development projects in order to provide innovative
products and solutions to our customers. We conduct research primarily to enhance system performance and improve the reliability of existing products, and to develop revolutionary new products and
solutions. Our research and development efforts are conducted for the relevant products within each of the operating segments, as well as in collaboration with others on areas such as microfluidics,
automation and workflow management software. We have been the recipient of government grants from Germany and the United States for various projects related to early-stage research and development. We
have generally retained, at a minimum, non-exclusive rights to any items or enhancements we develop under these grants. The German government requires that we use and market technology developed under
grants in order to retain our rights to the technology. We have also accepted some sponsored research contracts from private sources.  


 


 


BSI Segment   

         The research and development performed in the BSI Segment is primarily conducted at our facilities in Bremen, Ettlingen and Karlsruhe, Germany;
Faellanden, Switzerland; Wissembourg, France;  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Billerica,
Massachusetts, U.S.A.; Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.; San Jose and Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A.  


         The
Bruker BioSpin Group maintains technical competencies in core magnetic resonance technologies and single- and multimodal imaging technologies and capabilities, including NMR, EPR,
MRI, MPI, PET and CT. Recent projects include the development of solid state dynamic nuclear polarization technologies, an ongoing development that enables gains in sensitivity for NMR, high field EPR
instrumentation with dedicated cryogen free magnets, high field magnet technology for preclinical MRI, basic NMR research and quadrupole tuned cryoprobes for biological research, as well as MPI
imaging for preclinical application.  

         The
Bruker CALID Group maintains technical competencies in core mass spectrometry technologies and capabilities, including: MALDI, ESI and EI/CI ion source, TOF, TOF/TOF, ion traps,
MRMS, quadrupole and IMS analyzers and bioinformatics. Recent projects include the innovative timsTOF mass spectrometer for separation and analysis of unresolved compounds and conformations. The
Bruker CALID Group also maintains technical competencies in core vibrational spectroscopy technologies and capabilities, including FT-IR, NIR and Raman.  

         The
Bruker Nano Group maintains technical competencies in core X-ray technologies and capabilities, including detectors used to sense X-ray and X-ray diffraction patterns, X-ray sources
and optics that generate and focus the X-rays, robotics and sample handling equipment that holds and manipulates the experimental material, and software that generates the structural data. Recent
projects include fluorescence microscopy with simultaneous, all-optical stimulation and imaging platforms for optogenetics neuroscience research and light sheet cell microscopy systems which enable
brain research and high-resolution live cell research. The Bruker Nano Group also has competencies in AFM technology, which involve sub-angstrom level position and motion control, as well as sub-pico
newton force control. The Bruker Nano Group technologies also include 3D optical inference based microscopy, stylus profilometry, tribology testing, nano-indentation, optical fluorescence two-photon
microscopy, multipoint scanning microscopy and high-speed, 3D super-resolution florescence microscopy. Recent innovations include elemental analyzer systems for advanced applications and research and
simultaneous, all-optical stimulation and imaging platforms for neuroscience applications.  


 


 


BEST Segment   

         The research and development performed in the BEST Segment is primarily conducted at our facilities in Hanau, Bergisch Gladbach and Alzenau,
Germany and Carteret, New Jersey, U.S.A. BEST maintains technical competencies in the production and development of low and high temperature superconducting materials and devices. BEST and CERN
(European Organization for Nuclear Research, Geneva, Switzerland) have an ongoing research and development agreement to advance the state of art with niobium-tin based superconductors used in particle
accelerators and other large scale scientific magnets systems.  

 



 


Intellectual Property   

         Our intellectual property consists of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, and trademarks. Protection of our intellectual property is a
strategic priority for our businesses because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and to the marketplace. We have a substantial
patent portfolio, and we intend to file additional
patent applications as appropriate. We believe our owned and licensed patent portfolio provides us with a competitive advantage. This portfolio permits us to maintain access to a number of key
technologies. We license our owned patent rights where appropriate. We intend to enforce our patent rights against infringers, if necessary. The patent positions of life sciences tools companies
involve complex legal and factual questions. As a result, we cannot predict the enforceability of our patents with certainty. In addition,  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 we
are aware of the existence from time to time of patents in certain countries, which, if valid, could impair our ability to manufacture and sell products in these countries.  

         We
also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, trademarks, copyright protection and licensing to develop and maintain our competitive position. We generally require the execution of
confidentiality agreements by our employees, consultants, and other scientific advisors. These agreements provide that all confidential information made known during the course of a relationship with
us will be held in confidence and used only for our benefit. In addition, these agreements provide that we own all inventions generated during the course of the relationship.  

 


 


Government Contracts   

         We are a party to various government contracts. Under some of these government contracts, the government may receive license or similar rights
to intellectual property developed under the contract. However, under government contracts we enter we generally receive at least non-exclusive rights to any items or technologies we develop. Although
we transact business with various government agencies, we believe that no government contract is of such magnitude that a renegotiation of profits or termination of the contract or subcontracts at the
election of the government would have a material adverse effect on our financial results.  

 


 


Government Regulation   

         We are required to comply with federal, state, and local environmental protection regulations. We do not expect this compliance to have a
significant impact on our capital spending, earnings or competitive position.  


         Prior
to introducing a product in the United States, our Bruker AXS subsidiary provides notice to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in the form of a Radiation Safety Initial
Product Abbreviated Report, which provides identification information and operating characteristics of the product. If the FDA finds that the report is complete, it provides approval in the form of
what is known as an accession number. Bruker AXS may not market a product until it has received an accession number. In addition, Bruker AXS submits an annual report to the FDA that includes the
radiation safety history of all products it sells in the United States. Bruker AXS is required to report to the FDA incidents of accidental exposure to radiation arising from the manufacture, testing,
or use of any of its products. Bruker AXS also reports installations of its products to state government regulatory agencies responsible for the regulation of radiation emitting devices. For sales in
Germany, Bruker AXS registers each system with the local authorities. In some countries where Bruker AXS sells systems, Bruker AXS uses the license we obtained from the federal authorities in Germany
to assist it in obtaining a license from the country in which the sale occurs.  

         Our
Bruker AXS subsidiary possesses low-level radiation materials licenses from the local radiation safety authority, Gewerbeaufsichtsamt Karlsruhe, for its facility in Karlsruhe,
Germany; and from the local radiation safety authority, Kanagawa Prefecture, for its facility in Yokohama, Japan, as well as from various other countries in which it sells its products. Our Bruker
Daltonics subsidiary possesses low-level radiation licenses for facilities in Billerica, Massachusetts and Leipzig, Germany. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission also has regulations concerning the
exposure of our employees to radiation.  

         Certain
of our clinical products are subject to regulation in the United States by the FDA and by similar regulatory bodies in other countries where such products are sold. For example,
our MALDI Biotyper CA system is subject to regulation by the FDA and our IVD-CE Certified MALDI BioTyper system is subject to regulation in the European Union under the provisions of Directive
98/79/EC. These, and similar local regulations elsewhere in the world, govern a wide variety of product-related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing,
promotion,  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 sales
and distribution. As such, we continually invest in our manufacturing infrastructure to gain and maintain certifications necessary for the relevant level of regulatory clearance.  


 


 


Working Capital Requirements   

         There were no credit terms extended to customers that would have a material adverse effect on our working capital.  

         We
recognize revenue from systems sales upon transfer of control in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive. Transfer of control generally occurs upon shipment, or
for certain systems, based upon customer acceptance for a system once delivered and installed at a customer facility. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, we are required to
assess when it can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon successful factory acceptance testing or customer acceptance and evidence of installation. Systems that
have been shipped to customers, but not yet accepted by the customer, are included as finished goods in-transit. Finished goods in-transit was $38.3 million and $41.4 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We also have well-equipped applications and demonstration facilities and qualified application personnel who assist customers and provide product
demonstrations in specific application areas. In total, we held $67.9 million and $54.5 million of demonstration inventory at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

 


 


Backlog   

         Our backlog consists of firm orders under non-cancellable purchase orders received from customers. Total system backlog at December 31,
2018 and 2017 was approximately $1,050 million and $1,010 million, respectively. We anticipate that approximately 84% of the backlog as of December 31, 2018 will be filled in
2019. We generally experience variable and fluctuating revenues in the first three quarters of the year, while our fourth quarter revenues have historically been stronger than the rest of the year. As
a result, backlog on any particular date can be indicative of our short-term revenue performance, but is not necessarily a reliable indicator of long-term revenue performance.  

 


 


Employees   

         As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had approximately 6,870 and 6,200 full-time employees worldwide, respectively. Of these employees,
approximately 1,095 and 1,085 were located in the United States as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our employees in the United States are not unionized or affiliated with any labor
organizations. Employees based outside the United States are primarily located in Europe, with worker's councils or labor unions primarily in Germany and France. Several of our international
subsidiaries are parties to contracts with labor unions and workers' councils. We believe that we have good relationships with our employees and the workers' councils.  

         As
of December 31, 2018, we had approximately 3,290 employees in production and distribution, 1,700 employees in selling and marketing and 1,135 employees in research and
development, with general and administrative employees representing the remainder. As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 3,035 employees in production and distribution, 1,482 employees
in selling and marketing and 1,000 employees in research and development, with general and administrative employees representing the remainder.  

 


 


Available Information   

         We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"). Therefore, we file periodic reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Such reports, proxy statements and other information are available on the SEC's website
(http://www.sec.gov), including Bruker.  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Our
website is located at  www.bruker.com . We make available free of charge through this website our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this report.   

   
       ITEM 1A     RISK FACTORS          

         The following risk factors should be considered in conjunction with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
This report may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. In addition to those risk factors discussed elsewhere in this report, we identify the following risk factors,
which could affect our actual results and cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.  

 


 


We may lose money when we exchange foreign currency received from international sales into U.S. Dollars.   

         A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, which is our reporting currency. As a result,
currency fluctuations among the U.S. Dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused, and will continue to cause, foreign currency translation gains and losses. In addition, currency
fluctuations could cause the price of our products to be more or less competitive than our principal competitors' products. Currency fluctuations will increase or decrease our cost structure relative
to those of our competitors, which could lessen the demand for our products and affect our competitive position. From time to time we enter into certain hedging transactions and/or option and foreign
currency exchange contracts which are intended to offset some of the market risk associated with our sales denominated in foreign currencies. We cannot predict the effectiveness of these transactions
or their impact upon our future operating results, and from time to time they may negatively affect our quarterly earnings.  

 


 


Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.   

         In addition to the foreign currency exposure associated with differences between where our products are manufactured and sold by us and our
competitors, our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations results from the currency translation exposure associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, as well as
from the exposure associated with transactions of our subsidiaries that are denominated in a currency other than the respective subsidiary's functional currency. While our financial results are
reported in U.S. Dollars, the financial statements of many of our subsidiaries outside the U.S. are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency. During consolidation, these results
are translated into U.S. Dollars by applying appropriate exchange rates. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar relative to the local currencies in which our foreign
subsidiaries report could cause significant fluctuations in our reported results. Moreover, as exchange rates vary, revenue and other operating results may differ materially from our expectations. The
favorable effects of changes in currency exchange rates increased our 2018 and 2017 revenues by approximately $25.5 million,
or 1.4%, and $19.6 million, or 1.2%, respectively. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as a separate component of shareholders' equity. In the year ended
December 31, 2018, we recorded net losses from currency translation adjustments of $25.5 million. In the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded net gains from currency
translation adjustments of $97.1 million.  

         Additionally,
to the extent monetary assets and liabilities, including cash and debt, are held in a different currency than the reporting subsidiary's functional currency, fluctuations
in currency exchange rates may have a significant impact on our reported financial results, and may lead to increased earnings volatility. We may record significant gains or losses related to both the
translation of assets and liabilities held by our subsidiaries into local currencies and the remeasurement of inter-company receivables and loan balances.  

 17 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Unfavorable economic or political conditions in the countries in which we operate may have an adverse impact
on our business results or financial condition.   

         Our businesses and results of operations are affected by international, national and regional economic and political conditions. Our businesses
or financial results may be adversely impacted by unfavorable changes in economic or political conditions in the countries and markets in which we operate, including, among others, adverse changes in
interest rates or tax rates, volatility in financial and commodity markets, contraction in the availability of credit in the marketplace, and changes in capital spending patterns.  

         Our
revenue from U.S. operations represented approximately 26% and 25% of total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our revenue from operations in Europe
represented approximately 37% and 38% of total consolidated revenue for the corresponding periods. Our revenue from operations in the Asia Pacific region represented approximately 29% of total
consolidated revenue in each of the corresponding periods. Economic factors that could adversely influence demand for our
products include uncertainty about global economic conditions leading to reduced levels of investment, changes in government spending levels and/or priorities, the size and availability of government
budgets, customers' and suppliers' access to credit and other macroeconomic factors affecting government, academic or industrial spending behavior. Slower economic growth or a deterioration in
economic conditions could result in a decrease in government funding for scientific research, a delay in orders from current or potential customers or a reduction in purchases of our products.  


         We
cannot predict how changes in economic conditions or political instability will affect our customers and suppliers or how any negative impact on our customers and suppliers might
adversely impact our business results or financial condition.  

 


 


We derive a significant portion of our revenue from international sales and are subject to the operational
risks of doing business in foreign countries.   

         International sales account, and are expected to continue to account, for a significant portion of our total revenues. Our revenue from non-U.S.
operations represented approximately 74% and 75% of our total consolidated revenue for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a
variety of risks associated with conducting business internationally, many of which are beyond our control. These risks, which may adversely affect our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
and our ability to sell our products internationally, include: 

 
 
 •  changes in foreign currency translation rates;  
 •  changes in regulatory requirements;  
 •  legislation and regulation, including tariffs, relating to the import or export of high technology products;    
 •  the imposition of government controls;  
 •  political and economic instability, including international hostilities, acts of terrorism and governmental restrictions, inflation, trade
relationships and military and political alliances;  
 •  costs and risks of deploying systems in foreign countries;  
 •  compliance with export laws and controls and trade embargoes in multiple jurisdictions;  
 •  limited intellectual property rights;  
 •  the burden of complying with a wide variety of complex foreign laws and treaties, including unfavorable labor regulations, specifically those
applicable to our European operations; and  
 
 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  compliance with U.S. and local laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, or FCPA, and local anti-bribery laws.  
 

         The
United States has recently announced the implementation of new tariffs on certain imported goods. These additional tariffs could include items imported by us from China or other
countries. In addition, China has announced a plan to impose tariffs on a wide range of American products in retaliation for these new American tariffs. There is a concern that the imposition of
additional tariffs by the United States, could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by China and other countries as well. Any resulting trade war could negatively impact the global market for
scientific instruments and could have a significant adverse effect on our business. The imposition of tariffs on items imported by us from China or other countries could increase our costs and could
result in lowering our gross margin on products sold. Additionally, tariffs on items that we export to China could adversely impact our customers' ability to purchase our products and our competitive
position in China as well as increase our costs, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  

         We
operate in an environment of evolving foreign laws and legal systems, including those that may occur as a result of the United Kingdom's potential withdrawal from the European Union
("Brexit"). If the U.K. leaves the European Union with no agreement, this could have an adverse impact on labor and trade in addition to creating short-term economic uncertainty and currency
volatility. In the absence of a future trade deal, the U.K.'s trade with the European Union and the rest of the world would be subject to tariffs and duties set by the World Trade Organization.
Additionally, the movement of goods between the U.K. and the remaining member states of the European Union will be subject to additional inspections and documentation checks, leading to possible
delays at ports of entry and departure. These changes to the trading relationship between the U.K. and European Union would likely result in increased cost of goods imported into and exported from the
U.K. and may decrease the profitability of our U.K. and other operations. Additional currency volatility could drive a weaker British pound, which may decrease revenue and the profitability of our
U.K. operations.  

         We
must also comply with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which was effective as of May 2018. The goal of the regulation is to increase individual rights and
protections for personal data located in or originating from the European Union. GDPR is extraterritorial in that it applies to all business within the European Union and any business located outside
of the European Union that processes personal data of individuals located within the European Union. There are significant fines associated with non-compliance.  

         While
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations in the future.  


 


 


If we are not able to successfully integrate the businesses we acquire through mergers, acquisitions or
strategic alliances, we may not be able to realize all of the cost savings and other benefits that we expect to result from the transactions and our financial results may be different than expected.   

         Our strategy includes expanding our technology base and product offerings through selected mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances. For
example, from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2018, we have acquired 20 businesses to expand our technologies and product offerings.  


         Successful
integration of the businesses we acquire involves a number of risks, including, among others, risks related to: 

 
 
 •  coordinating or consolidating geographically separate organizations and integrating personnel with different business backgrounds and corporate
cultures;  
 •  integrating previously autonomous departments in sales and marketing, distribution, accounting and administrative functions;  
 
 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  integrating financial information and management systems;  
 •  the pace of our acquisition activity and the related diversion of already limited resources and management time;    
 •  disruption of our ongoing business;  
 •  potential impairment of relationships with customers as a result of changes in management or otherwise arising out of such transactions; and    
 •  retention of key employees of the acquired businesses within the first one to two years after the acquisition, including the risk that they may
compete with us subsequently.  
 

         We
may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company or business in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or
product lines. As a result, we may not realize the value from expected synergies. Acquisitions have resulted, and may in the future result, in unexpected significant costs and expenses, including
disputes over contingent consideration and complicated accounting for complex transaction structures. In the future, we may be required to record charges to earnings during the period if we determine
there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, up to the full amount of the value of the assets.  

         We
generally assume the liabilities of businesses we acquire, which could include liability for an acquired business' violation of law that occurred before we acquired it. In addition,
we have historically acquired smaller, privately held companies that may not have strong cultures of legal compliance or the robust financial controls required of a larger, publicly traded company,
and if we fail to implement adequate training, controls, and monitoring of the acquired companies, we could also be liable for post-acquisition legal violations.  

 


 


It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving margins, profitability and cash flow.   

         We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our financial performance, including implementing various productivity improvement initiatives
at both BSI and BEST in an effort to streamline our operations. These initiatives include the outsourcing of manufacturing activities, consolidating, transferring or ceasing operations at certain
facilities; applying lean manufacturing and six sigma concepts to our operations, implementing ERP and other information technology systems and applying a shared service approach to various functions.  

         We
may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these efforts may not result in the expected improvement in our margins, profitability or cash flow. Anticipated
benefits to our operating and financial performance might be reduced or delayed as a result of difficulties in implementing these initiatives, which may include complications in the transfer of assets
and production knowledge, loss of key employees and/or customers, the disruption of ongoing business and possible inconsistencies in standards, controls and procedures. Implementation costs also might
exceed our expectations and further cost reduction measures might become necessary, resulting in additional future charges. Our ability to successfully implement these strategies and achieve our
objectives will also depend on our ability to identify, attract and retain management and other personnel with the skills and experience needed to effectively manage the process and drive our
operating performance improvement during and after implementation of our improvement initiatives.  

         These
improvement strategies may also have unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond our intended reduction in workforce, reduced employee morale and loss of customer
relationships. We also may undertake additional restructuring activities in the future. Because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether we will realize the purpose and anticipated
benefits of our restructuring and related measures, and if we do not, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.  

 20 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 


 


Goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets are subject to impairment which could negatively
impact our operating results.   

         We have recorded goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets that must be periodically evaluated for potential impairment. We assess
the realizability of the reported goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets annually, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired.
These events or circumstances generally include operating losses or a significant decline in the earnings associated with the reporting unit these assets are reported within. A decline in our stock
price and market capitalization may also cause us to consider whether goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets may require an impairment assessment. Our ability to realize the value of
these assets will depend on the future cash flows of the reporting unit in addition to how well we integrate the businesses we acquire. We have recorded impairment losses of $0.6 million,
$1.1 million and $0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 


 


If our products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance across their broad intended range of
applications, we will not generate expected revenue.   

         Our business strategy depends on our ability to successfully commercialize a broad range of products based on our technology platforms,
including magnetic resonance technology, pre-clinical imaging technology, mass spectrometry technology, X-ray technology, atomic force microscopy technology, stylus and optical metrology technology,
fluorescence microscopy technology, infrared technology and superconducting magnet technologies for use in a variety of life science, chemistry and materials analysis applications. Some of our
products have only recently been commercially launched and have achieved only limited sales to date. The commercial success of our products depends on obtaining and expanding market acceptance by a
diverse array of industrial, academic, clinical, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, applied, medical research and governmental customers around the world. We may fail to achieve or sustain substantial
market acceptance for our products across the full range of our intended applications or in one or more of our principal intended applications. Any such failure could decrease our sales and revenue.
To succeed, we must convince substantial numbers of potential customers to invest in new systems or replace their existing techniques with techniques employing our systems. Limited funding available
for capital acquisitions by our customers, as well as our customers' own internal purchasing approval policies, could hinder market acceptance of our products. Our intended customers may be reluctant
to make the substantial capital investment generally needed to acquire our products or to incur the training and other costs involved with replacing their existing systems with our products. We also
may not be able to convince our intended customers that our systems are an attractive and cost-effective alternative to other technologies and systems for the acquisition, analysis and management of
molecular, cellular and microscopic information. Because of these and other factors, our products may fail to gain or sustain market acceptance.  

 


 


Our products compete in markets that are subject to rapid technological change, and one or more of the
technologies underlying our products could be made obsolete by new technology.   

         The market for discovery and analysis tools is characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product introductions. Rapidly
changing technology could make some or our entire product lines obsolete unless we are able to continually improve our existing products and develop new products. Because substantially all of our
products are based on our technology platforms, including magnetic resonance technology, mass spectrometry technology, X-ray technology, atomic force microscopy technology, fluorescence microscopy
technology, stylus and optical metrology technology and infrared technology, we are particularly vulnerable to any technological advances that would make these techniques obsolete as the basis for
analytical systems in any of our markets. To meet the evolving needs of our customers, we must rapidly and continually enhance our current and planned  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 products
and services and develop and introduce new products and services. In addition, our product lines are based on complex technologies that are subject to rapid change as new technologies are
developed and introduced in the marketplace. We may have difficulty in keeping abreast of the rapid changes affecting each of the different markets we serve or intend to serve. If we fail to develop
and introduce products in a timely manner in response to changing technology, market demands or the requirements of our customers, our product sales may decline, and we could experience significant
losses. Currently in our backlog, we have orders totaling $141.4 million for ultra-high field magnets. If we are unable to reach the technical feasibility for these magnets, we will be unable
to fulfill customer orders where alternate arrangements have not been provided for in customer contracts. Additional risks include extraordinary warranty expenses, rework and potential inventory
write-offs.  

 


 


Our business could be harmed if our collaborations fail to advance our product development.   

         Demand for our products will depend, in part, upon the extent to which our collaborations with pharmaceutical, biotechnology and proteomics
companies are successful in developing, or helping us to develop, new products and new applications for our existing products. In addition, we collaborate with academic institutions and government
research laboratories on product development. We have limited or no control over the resources that any collaborator may devote to our products. Any of our present or future collaborators may not
perform their obligations as expected. If we fail to enter into or maintain appropriate collaboration agreements, or if any of these events occur, we may not be able to develop some of our new
products, which could materially impede our ability to generate revenue or profits.  

 


 


We face substantial competition. If we fail to compete effectively, it could harm our business results and
materially impact the value of our company.   

         We face substantial competition in our industries and we expect that competition in all of our markets will increase further. Currently, our
principal competition comes from established companies providing products using existing technologies that perform many of the same functions for which we market our products. A number of our
competitors have expanded their market share in recent years through business combinations. Other companies also may choose to enter our fields in the future. Our competitors may develop or market
products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future products or that may render our products obsolete. Competition has in the past subjected, and is likely in the
future to subject, our products to pricing pressure. Many of our competitors have more experience in the market and substantially greater financial, operational, marketing and technical resources than
we do, which could give them a competitive advantage in areas such as research and development, production, marketing and distribution. Our ability to compete
successfully will depend, in part, on our ability to develop proprietary products that reach the market in a timely manner and are technologically superior to, less expensive than, or more
cost-effective than, other currently marketed products.  

 


 


If we lose our strategic partners, our marketing and sales efforts could be impaired.   

         A substantial portion of our sales of selected products consists of sales to third parties who incorporate our products into their systems.
These third parties are responsible for the marketing and sales of their systems. We have little or no control over their marketing and sales activities or how they use their resources. Our present or
future strategic partners may or may not purchase sufficient quantities of products from us or perform appropriate marketing and sales activities. In addition, if we are unable to maintain our
relationships with strategic partners, our businesses may suffer. Failures by our present or future strategic partners, or our inability to maintain existing or enter into new arrangements with
strategic partners for product distribution, could materially impede the growth of our businesses and our ability to generate sufficient revenue and profits.  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties that we do not control, which
could harm our business.   

         We sell some products through third party agents, including distributors and value-added resellers. This exposes us to various risks, including
competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks, and compliance risks. We may rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market, and the loss of these distributors could
reduce our revenue and net earnings. Distributors may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables. Risks related to our use of
distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position. Moreover, violations of the FCPA or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third party agents could
materially and adversely impact our business, reputation and results of operations.  

 


 


Dependence on contract manufacturing may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage
our reputation.   

         As part of our efforts to streamline our operations and reduce our operating costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and
continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to
market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our
customers' orders on a timely basis. The ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside our control. Additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers could cause
disruptions or delays. Problems with outsourced manufacturing could result in lower revenues and unexecuted efficiencies, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

 


 


If investment in life and material science research spending declines, our ability to generate revenue may
suffer.   

         We are dependent, both directly and indirectly, upon general investment in life science research, particularly in the research and development
budgets of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, and in material science research as well as upon the financial condition and funding priorities of various governments and government
agencies. Since our inception, both we and our academic collaborators and customers have benefited from various governmental contracts and research grants. Whether we or our academic collaborators
will continue to be able to attract these grants depends not only on the quality of our products, but also on general spending patterns of public institutions.  

 


 


Any reduction in the capital resources or government funding of our customers could reduce our sales and
impede our ability to generate revenue.   

         A significant portion of our sales are capital purchases by our customers. The spending policies of our customers could have a significant
effect on the demand for our products. These policies are based on a wide variety of factors, including the resources available to make purchases, the spending priorities among various types of
equipment, policies regarding spending during recessionary periods and changes in the political climate. Any changes in capital spending or changes in the capital budgets of our customers could
significantly reduce demand for our products. The capital resources of our life science and other corporate customers may be limited by the availability of equity or debt financing. Any significant
decline in research and development expenditures by our life science and material science customers could significantly decrease our sales. In addition, a substantial portion of our sales are to
non-profit and government entities, which are dependent on government support for
scientific research. Any decline in this support could decrease the ability of these customers to purchase our products.  

 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Disruptions at any of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business.   

         We have manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Europe, Israel and Malaysia. Many of our products are developed and manufactured
at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. If we experience any significant disruption of those facilities for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions,
fire, earthquakes, or other events beyond our control, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing could harm our
customer relationships, impede our ability to generate revenues from our backlog or obtain new orders and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows.  

 


 


If employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption, our business, results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected.   

         Many of our employees are represented by workers' councils and labor unions in certain jurisdictions, primarily in Germany and France. If
disputes with these employees arise, or if our workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption, we could experience a significant disruption of, or inefficiencies in, our operations
or incur higher labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  

 


 


Our operations are dependent upon a limited number of suppliers and contract manufacturers.   

         We currently purchase components used in our products from a limited number of outside suppliers. Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers
could result in time delays associated with redesigning a product due to an inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components and reduced control over pricing, quality and timely delivery.
Any of these factors could
adversely affect our revenues and profitability. In particular, our X-ray microanalysis business, which manufactures and sells accessories for electron microscopes, is partially dependent on
cooperation from larger manufacturers of electron microscopes. Additionally, our elemental analysis business purchases certain optical detectors from a single supplier, PerkinElmer, Inc., the
sole supplier of these detector components. Bruker CALID purchases detectors and power supplies from sole or limited source suppliers and its focal plane array detectors from a single supplier,
Lockheed Martin Corporation. Similarly, Bruker BioSpin obtains various components from sole or limited source suppliers and BEST obtains various raw materials and uses key production equipment from
sole or limited source suppliers or contract manufacturers. There are limited, if any, available alternatives to these suppliers. The existence of shortages of these components or the failure of
delivery with regard to these components could have a material adverse effect upon our revenues and margins. In addition, price increases from these suppliers or contract manufacturers could have a
material adverse effect upon our gross margins.  

         Because
of the scarcity of some components, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of components, or we may be required to pay higher prices or to purchase components of lesser
quality. Any delay or interruption in the supply of these or other components could impair our ability to manufacture and deliver our products, harm our reputation and cause a reduction in our
revenues. In addition, any increase in the cost of the components that we use in our products could make our products less competitive and decrease our gross profits. We may not be able to obtain
sufficient quantities of required components on the same or substantially the same terms. Additionally, consolidation among our suppliers could result in other sole source suppliers for us in the
future. Other events that could affect our ability to source materials, manufacture or distribute our products include fire, natural disaster or extreme weather and the impact of those events on our
and our suppliers' and contract manufacturers' operations.  

 24 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

 


 


Supply shortages and increasing prices of raw materials could adversely affect the gross profit of the Bruker
BioSpin Group and of our Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies business.   

         The last few years have seen periodic supply shortages and sharp increases in the prices for various raw materials, in part due to high demand
from developing countries. Bruker BioSpin and BEST rely on some of these materials for the production of their products. In particular, for its superconducting magnet production, both for the
horizontal and vertical magnet series, Bruker BioSpin relies on the availability of copper, steel and the metallic raw materials for traditional low-temperature superconducting wires. Similarly, BEST
relies on the availability of niobium titanium for its production of low-temperature superconducting materials and devices. Higher prices for these commodities will increase the production cost of
superconducting wires and superconducting magnets and may adversely affect gross profits.  

         The
prices of copper and certain other raw materials used for superconductors have increased significantly over the last decade. Since copper is a main constituent of low temperature
superconductors, this may affect the price of superconducting wire. This type of increase would have an immediate effect on the production costs of superconducting magnets and may negatively affect
the profit margins for those products. In addition, an increase in raw material cost affects the production cost of the superconducting wire produced by BEST and of superconducting wire used by Bruker
BioSpin.  

         Bruker
BioSpin and its customers also rely on liquid helium to operate superconducting magnets. Helium is controlled by the Federal Helium Reserve and is subject to price changes.
Shortages of liquid helium associated with federal price controls or depleted natural reserves could have an adverse impact on producing and operating Bruker BioSpin's superconducting magnets and may
also drive increases in helium pricing and negatively impact the profit margins of those products.  


 


 


Regulations related to "conflict minerals" may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the
supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products.   

         Regulations require disclosures by public companies of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality
or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. This requires the performance of due diligence to determine whether or not such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic
of Congo or an adjoining country. These regulations could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products,
including tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten. In addition, there are material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain
minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. As our supply chain is complex and we
use contract manufacturers for some of our products, we cannot always sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we
implement, which may harm our reputation. In addition, we have encountered challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free,
which could place us at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to do so.  

 


 


If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our
financial results, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price.   

         Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud.
However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. A failure to improve and adapt our financial and operational controls to manage
our decentralized business, cover our newly acquired businesses, and  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 comply
with our legal obligations could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. Inadequate internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.  

 


 


Our manufacture and sale of products could lead to product liability claims for which we could have
substantial liability.   

         The manufacture and sale of our products expose us to product liability claims if any of our products cause injury or are found otherwise
unsuitable during manufacturing, marketing, sale or customer use. In particular, if one of our CBRNE detection products malfunctions, this could lead to civilian or military casualties in a time of
unrest, exposing us to increased potential for high-profile liability. If our CBRNE detection products malfunction by generating a false-positive to a potential threat, we could be exposed to
liabilities associated with actions taken that otherwise would not have been required. Additionally, the nuclear magnetic resonance, research magnetic resonance imaging, Fourier transform mass
spectrometry and certain electron paramagnetic resonance magnets of Bruker BioSpin utilize high magnet fields and cryogenics to operate at approximately 4 Kelvin, the temperature of liquid helium.
There is an inherent risk of potential product liability due to the existence of these high magnetic fields, associated stray fields outside the magnet, and the handling of the cryogens associated
with superconducting magnets. In addition, our MALDI Biotyper product has an IVD-CE mark and U.S. FDA approval and is used for the identification of microorganisms. Misidentification or a
false-negative of certain bacteria, yeasts or fungi could lead to inappropriate treatment for patients, and could expose us to product liability claims.  

         A
successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of, or outside the coverage of, our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, and insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential
liabilities.  

 


 


Responding to claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of hazardous chemicals and
radioactive and biological materials which we use could be time consuming and costly.   

         We use controlled hazardous and radioactive materials in our business and generate wastes that are regulated as hazardous wastes under U.S.
federal, and Massachusetts, California, New Jersey, Washington and Wisconsin state, environmental and atomic energy regulatory laws and under equivalent provisions of law in those and other
jurisdictions in which our research and manufacturing facilities are located. Our use of these substances and materials is subject to stringent, and periodically changing, regulation that can impose
costly compliance obligations on us and have the potential to adversely affect our manufacturing activities. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely
eliminated. If an accident with these substances occurs, we could be held liable for any damages that result, in addition to incurring clean-up costs and liabilities, which can be substantial.
Additionally, an accident could damage our research and manufacturing facilities resulting in delays and increased costs.  

 


 


We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which may impose significant compliance or other costs
on us.   

         Our manufacturing, product development and research and development operations and processes involve the controlled use of certain hazardous
materials. In addition, we own and/or lease a number of facilities, some of which have been in operation for many decades, where we or others may have used substances or generated and disposed of
wastes which are considered hazardous or may be considered hazardous in the future. We also have acquired various companies which historically may have used certain hazardous materials and which may
have owned and/or leased facilities at which hazardous  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 materials
have been used. For all of these reasons, we are subject to federal, state, foreign, and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, transportation, handling,
treatment, remediation, and disposal of hazardous materials and certain waste products. We have potential liability under these laws and regulations with respect to the remediation of past
contamination in certain of the facilities we now own or lease. Additionally, in the future our facilities and the disposal sites owned by others to which we send or sent waste, may be identified as
contaminated and require remediation. Accordingly, we may become subject to additional compliance costs or environmental liabilities which may be significant and could materially harm our results of
operations or financial condition.  

 


 


In addition to the risks applicable to our life science and materials analysis products, our CBRNE detection
products are subject to a number of additional risks, including lengthy product development and contract negotiation periods and certain risks inherent in long-term government contracts.   

         Our CBRNE detection products are subject to many of the same risks associated with our life science products, including vulnerability to rapid
technological change, dependence on mass spectrometry and other technologies and substantial competition. In addition, our CBRNE detection products and certain FT-IR products are generally sold to
government agencies under long-term contracts. These contracts generally involve lengthy pre-contract negotiations and product development. We may be required to devote substantial working capital and
other resources prior to obtaining product orders. As a result, we may incur substantial costs before we recognize revenue from these products. Moreover, in return for larger, longer-term contracts,
our customers for these products often demand more stringent acceptance criteria. These criteria may also cause delays in our ability to recognize revenue from sales of these products. Furthermore, we
may not be able to accurately predict in advance our costs to fulfill our obligations under these long-term contracts. If we fail to accurately predict our costs, due to inflation or other factors, we
could incur significant losses. Also, the presence or absence of such contracts may cause substantial variation in our results of operations between fiscal periods and, as a result, our results of
operations for any given fiscal period may not be predictive of our results for subsequent fiscal periods. The resulting uncertainty may have an adverse impact on our stock price.  

 


 


We are subject to existing and potential additional regulation and government inquiry, which can impose
burdens on our operations and narrow the markets for our products.   

         We are subject, both directly and indirectly, to the adverse impact of existing and potential future government regulation of our operations and
markets. For example, the exportation of our products is subject to U.S. and non-U.S. export control, sanctions, customs, import and anti-boycott laws and regulations, including, as applicable, the
International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations and the sanctions laws, regulations and executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the
Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and other laws and regulations adopted by the governments or agencies of other countries relating to the same subject matter as the U.S. laws and
regulations described above.  

         The
failure to satisfy export control criteria or obtain necessary clearances could delay or prevent shipment of products, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
Failure by us, our employees or others working on our behalf to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including suspension, debarment
from bidding for or performing government contracts, suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We frequently team with international subcontractors and
suppliers who are also exposed to similar risks. In some cases, compliance with the laws and regulations of one country could
violate the laws and regulations of another country. Violations of these laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our brand, international growth efforts and business.  

 27 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         In
addition, as a result of our international operations, we are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the FCPA and local anti-bribery laws in the
jurisdictions in which we do business, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries or agents from engaging in bribery or making improper payments to foreign officials or their agents.
The FCPA also requires proper record keeping and characterization of such payments in our reports filed with the SEC. Despite maintaining policies and procedures that require our employees to comply
with these laws and our standards of ethical conduct, we cannot ensure that these policies and procedures will always protect us from intentional, reckless or negligent acts committed by our employees
or agents. For example, in 2017 we resolved an investigation of the Korea Fair Trade Commission ("KFTC") into improper bidding by Bruker Korea Co., Ltd. ("Bruker Korea") and several
other companies in connection with bids for sales of X-ray systems in 2010 and 2012. In connection with these matters, the KFTC imposed monetary penalties and various Korean governmental entities
imposed suspensions on Bruker Korea, with overlapping suspension periods ranging from three to six months. During the periods of these suspensions, which expired in 2017, Bruker Korea was prohibited
from bidding for or conducting sales to Korean governmental agencies. Additionally, in August 2018, the KFTC informed us that it is conducting an investigation into the public tender bidding
activities of a number of life science instrument companies operating in Korea, including Bruker Korea. We are cooperating fully with the KFTC regarding this matter and are unable to predict the
timing or outcome of this investigation at this time.  

         On
October 19, 2017, we received a notice of investigation and subpoena to produce documents from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC. The subpoena seeks information related to
an employee terminated as part of a restructuring and certain matters involving our policies and accounting practices related to revenue recognition and restructuring activities, as well as related
financial reporting, disclosure and compliance matters, since January 1, 2013. The subpoena also seeks information concerning, among other things, our previously identified material weakness in
internal controls over the accounting for income taxes, related financial reporting matters and certain payments for non-employee travel expenses. We are producing documents in response to the
subpoena and intend to continue to cooperate fully with the SEC's investigation. Additionally, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, with the assistance of outside counsel, is conducting an
internal investigation into practices of certain business partners in China and into the conduct of former employees of the Bruker Optics division in China which raised questions of compliance with
laws, including the FCPA, and/or compliance with our business policies and code of conduct. We have voluntarily disclosed this matter to the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice. At this time, we are
unable to predict the duration, scope or outcome of these investigations.  

         Moreover,
the life sciences industry, which is the market for our principal products, has historically been heavily regulated. Given the evolving nature of this industry, legislative
bodies or regulatory
authorities may adopt additional regulation that adversely affects our market opportunities. Our business is also directly affected by a wide variety of government regulations applicable to business
enterprises generally and to companies operating in the life sciences industry in particular.  

         Our
clinical products are subject to regulation by the FDA. These regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to
labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. If we or any of our suppliers or distributors fail to comply with FDA and other applicable regulatory requirements, or are perceived to
potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity affecting both us and our customers; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines,
injunctions, and civil penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; increased difficulty in
obtaining required FDA clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell such products. Any such FDA actions could
disrupt our business and operations, lead to  

 28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 significant
remedial costs and have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.  

         We
have been, are, and expect to be in the future, subject to inquiries from the government agencies that enforce these regulations, including the U.S. Department of State, the U.S.
Department of Commerce, the U.S. FDA, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal
Trade Commission, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of Defense, among others, as well as from state or foreign governments and their departments and agencies. As a result,
from time to time, the attention of our management and other resources may be diverted to attend to these inquiries. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations or obtain or maintain
necessary permits and licenses could result in a variety of fines or other censures or an interruption in our business operations which may have a negative impact on our ability to generate revenues
and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

 


 


Our success depends on our ability to operate without infringing or misappropriating the proprietary rights
of others.   

         Our commercial success depends on avoiding the infringement of other parties' patents and proprietary rights as well as avoiding the breach of
any licenses relating to our technologies and products. Given that there may be patents of which we are unaware, particularly in the United
States where patent applications are confidential, avoidance of patent infringement may be difficult. Various third parties hold patents which may relate to our technology, and we may be found in the
future to infringe these or other patents or proprietary rights of third parties, either with products we are currently marketing or developing or with new products which we may develop in the future.
If a third party holding rights under a patent successfully asserts an infringement claim with respect to any of our current or future products, we may be prevented from manufacturing or marketing our
infringing product in the country or countries covered by the patent we infringe, unless we can obtain a license from the patent holder. We may not be able to obtain a license on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all, especially if the patent holder is a competitor. In addition, even if we can obtain the license, it may be non-exclusive, which will permit others to practice the same
technology licensed to us. We also may be required to pay substantial damages to the patent holder in the event of infringement. Under some circumstances in the United States these damages could
include damages equal to triple the actual damages the patent holder incurs. If we have supplied infringing products to third parties for marketing by them or licensed third parties to manufacture,
use or market infringing products, we may be obligated to indemnify these third parties for any damages they may be required to pay to the patent holder and for any losses the third parties may
sustain themselves as the result of lost sales or license payments they are required to make to the patent holder. Any successful infringement action brought against us may also adversely affect
marketing of the infringing product in other markets not covered by the infringement action, as well as our marketing of other products based on similar technology. Furthermore, we will suffer adverse
consequences from a successful infringement action against us even if the action is subsequently reversed on appeal, nullified through another action or resolved by settlement with the patent holder.
The damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may be significant. As a result, any successful infringement action against us may harm our business.  


 


 


If we are unable to effectively protect our intellectual property, third parties may use our technology,
which would impair our ability to compete in our markets.   

         Our continued success will depend in significant part on our ability to obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for our products
throughout the world. We rely on patents to protect a significant part of our intellectual property and to enhance our competitive position. However, our presently pending or future patent
applications may not issue as patents, and any patent previously  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 issued
to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. Furthermore, the claims in patents which have been issued, or which may be issued to us in the future, may not be
sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing products similar to our products. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries in which we compete may not protect our
intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Failure to obtain adequate patent protection for our proprietary technology could materially impair our ability to be
commercially competitive.  

         In
addition to patent protection, we also rely on the protection of trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. To maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets
and proprietary information, we generally seek to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and strategic partners upon the commencement of a relationship with us. However,
we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances. In the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information, these agreements, even if obtained, may not provide meaningful protection
for our trade secrets or other confidential information. In addition, adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information. The loss or exposure of our
trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and future growth
prospects. Furthermore, others may have, or may in the future independently develop, substantially similar or superior know-how and technology.  

 


 


We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents that are brought by us which could be
expensive and time consuming and, if determined adversely, could adversely affect our patent position.   

         In order to protect or enforce our patent rights, we may initiate patent litigation against third parties, and we may be similarly sued by
others. We may also become subject to interference proceedings conducted in the patent and trademark offices of various countries to determine the priority of inventions. The defense and prosecution,
if necessary, of intellectual property suits, interference proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings is costly and diverts our technical and management personnel from their normal
responsibilities. We may not prevail in any of these suits. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly
and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing.  

         Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could
be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other
interim proceedings or developments in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial negative effect on the trading price of
our common stock.  

 


 


We rely on information technology to support our operations and reporting environments. A security failure of
that technology, including with respect to cyber security, could impact our ability to operate our businesses effectively, adversely affect our financial results, damage our reputation and expose us
to potential liability or litigation.   

         We use information systems to carry out our operations and maintain our business records. Some systems are internally managed and some are
maintained by third-party service providers. Our ability to conduct business could be materially and adversely affected if these systems or resources are compromised, damaged or fail. This could be a
result of a cyber-incident, social engineering scam, natural disaster, hardware or software corruption, failure or error, telecommunications system failure, service provider error or failure,
intentional or unintentional personnel actions or other disruption.  

 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         In
the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, other proprietary information and personally identifiable information. Despite
our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. If this data is
compromised, destroyed or inappropriately disclosed, it could have a material adverse effect, including damage to our reputation, loss of customers, significant expenses to address and resolve the
issues, or litigation or other proceedings by affected individuals, business partners or regulatory authorities.  

 


 


Our debt may adversely affect our cash flow and may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our
activities.   

         As of December 31, 2018, we had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of debt totaling approximately $341.1 million, including
$220.0 million of senior unsecured notes, $111.6 million of long-term borrowings under our revolving loan facility and $10.0 million of other debt, offset by unamortized debt
issuance costs for the senior unsecured notes of $0.5 million. We also had the ability to borrow an additional $387.1 million available under our existing credit facility. Most of our
outstanding debt is in the United States and there are substantial cash requirements in the United States to service debt interest obligations, fund operations, capital expenditures and our declared
dividends and finance potential acquisitions or share repurchases. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations and meet our other liquidity needs depends on our future operating performance and on
economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt obligations or provide sufficient funds for our other
objectives. If we are unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic
acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures or suspend our dividend payments and share repurchases. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms
acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, a majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is generated from foreign operations, with $280.9 million, or 87.1% held by foreign
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow in the United
States to address our funding requirements through cash from operations and timely repatriation of cash from overseas or other sources obtained at an acceptable cost.  

         Additionally,
the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain certain financial ratios related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage and contain negative
covenants, including among others, restrictions on liens, indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, asset sales, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Our ability to comply with these
financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as
foreign currency translation rates and interest rates. Our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which
could permit acceleration of the debt under the facility and require us to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.  

 


 


Changes in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations.   

         We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions and our domestic and international tax liabilities
are largely dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. Various factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our effective income tax rate. These factors
include interpretations of existing tax laws, the accounting for stock options and other share-based compensation, changes in tax laws and rates, future levels of research and development spending,
changes in accounting standards, changes in the mix of earnings in the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, the outcome of examinations by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax
authorities, the accuracy of our estimates for unrecognized tax benefits  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 and
realization of deferred tax assets and changes in overall levels of pre-tax earnings. A change in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation, of any country in which we operate
could result in a higher tax rate on our earnings, which could result in a significant negative impact on our earnings and cash flow from operations. In addition to the passage of the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act in the United States, there are currently multiple initiatives for comprehensive tax reform underway in other key jurisdictions where we have operations. We continue to assess the impact of
the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as well as various international tax reform proposals and modifications to existing tax treaties in all
jurisdictions where we have operations that could result in a material impact on our income taxes. We cannot predict whether any other specific legislation will be enacted or the terms of any such
legislation. However, if such proposals were enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing treaties, the consequences could have a materially adverse impact on us, including
increasing our tax burden, increasing costs of our tax compliance or otherwise adversely affecting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

 


 


Various international tax risks could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.   

         We are subject to international tax risks. We could be subject to double taxation on income related to operations in certain countries that do
not have tax treaties with the country of the trading partner. In addition, we may have a higher effective income tax rate than that of other companies in our industry if losses incurred by one
operating company are not available to offset the income of an operating company located in another country. Also, distributions of earnings and other payments received from our subsidiaries may be
subject to withholding taxes imposed by the countries where they are operating or are incorporated. If these foreign countries do not have income tax treaties with the United States or the countries
where our subsidiaries are incorporated, we could be subject to high rates of withholding taxes on these distributions and payments. Additionally, the amount of the credit that we may claim against
our U.S. federal income tax for foreign income taxes paid or accrued is subject to many limitations which may significantly restrict our ability to claim a credit for all of the foreign taxes we pay.  

         We
currently have reserves established for potential tax liabilities. If these reserves are challenged, and we are unable to successfully defend our tax positions, a negative impact to
our cash flows could result.  

 


 


The unpredictability and fluctuation of our quarterly results may adversely affect the trading price of our
common stock.   

         Our revenues and results of operations have in the past and will in the future vary from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of
which are outside our control and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. The primary factors that may affect us include the following: 

 
 
 •  the timing of sales of our products and services;  
 •  the timing of recognizing revenue and deferred revenue under U.S. GAAP;  
 •  changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;  
 •  increases in sales and marketing, product development or administration expenses;  
 •  the mix of services provided by us and third-party contractors;  
 •  our ability to attain and maintain quality levels for our products;  
 •  costs related to acquisitions of technology or businesses; and  
 •  the effectiveness of transactions entered into to hedge the risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations.  
 
 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
can experience quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in our operating results as a result of various factors, some of which are outside our control, such
as: 

 
 
 •  the timing of governmental stimulus programs and academic research budgets;  
 •  the time it takes between the date customer orders and deposits are received, systems are shipped and accepted by our customers and full
payment is received;  
 •  the time it takes to satisfy local customs requirements and other export/import requirements;  
 •  the time it takes for customers to construct or prepare their facilities for our products; and  
 •  the time required to obtain governmental licenses.  
 

         These
factors have in the past affected the amount and timing of revenue recognized on sales of our products and receipt of related payments and will continue to do so in the future.
Accordingly, our operating results in any particular quarter may not necessarily be an indication of any future quarter's operating performance.  

         Historically
we have higher levels of revenue in the fourth quarter of the year compared to the first, second and third quarters, which we believe is primarily the result of our
customers' budgeting cycles. Quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. It is likely that in some future
quarters, our results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In this event, the price of our common stock may fall.  


 


 


The ownership of our shares is concentrated, which could cause or exacerbate volatility in our share price
and gives certain stockholders significant influence over us.   

         As of February 25, 2019, Laukien family members, including our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Frank Laukien and former
director Joerg Laukien, owned, in the aggregate, approximately 34.0% of our outstanding common stock. We may also repurchase shares in the future, which could further increase the concentration of our
share ownership. Because of this reduced liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders could disproportionately influence the market price of our common stock in
either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously if a large number of our shares were sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a company with
greater trading liquidity that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price.  

         These
stockholders may also exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate
transactions. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and will make some transactions difficult to accomplish without the support of these stockholders.  


 


 


Other companies may have difficulty acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, due to
provisions under our corporate charter and bylaws, as well as Delaware law.   

         Provisions in our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws, as well as Delaware law could make it more difficult for other
companies to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws contain the following provisions, among others, which may inhibit an
acquisition of our company by a third party: 

 
 
 •  a staggered Board of Directors, where stockholders elect only a minority of the board each year;  
 •  advance notification procedures for matters to be brought before stockholder meetings;  
 •  a limitation on who may call stockholder meetings; and  
 
 33 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  the ability of our Board of Directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock without a stockholder vote.  
 

 


 


The loss of key personnel or an inability to attract and retain additional personnel could affect our ability
to successfully grow our business.   

         We are highly dependent upon the continued service and performance of our senior management and key technical, scientific and production
personnel, any of whom may cease their employment with us at any time with minimal advance notice. Because the expertise of these individuals is highly specific and takes years to develop, we face
intense competition for these individuals from many other companies. The loss of one or more of our key employees may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, and our
failure to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals or to adequately plan for succession could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan.  


 


 


Dividends on our common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the future.   

         In recent years, we have paid dividends on our common stock. In February 2019, we announced that our Board had declared a quarterly dividend of
$0.04 per share that will be payable in March 2019. There is no guarantee that such dividends will continue indefinitely. In the future, our Board may determine to reduce or eliminate our common stock
dividend in order to fund investments for growth, repurchase shares or conserve capital resources.   


   
       ITEM 1B     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         Not applicable.   

   
       ITEM 2     PROPERTIES          

         We believe that our existing principal facilities are well maintained and in good operating condition and that they are adequate for our
foreseeable business needs.  

         In
addition to the principal facilities noted below, we lease additional facilities for sales, applications and service support in various countries throughout the world including
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Singapore,
South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, the United Kingdom and the United States. If we should require additional or alternative facilities, we believe that
such facilities can be obtained on short notice at competitive rates.  


         The
location and general character of our principal properties by operating segment are as follows:  

 


 


BSI Segment:   

         Bruker BioSpin's five principal facilities are located in Rheinstetten, Ettlingen and Karlsruhe, Germany; Faellanden, Switzerland; and
Wissembourg, France. These facilities, which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the businesses of
Bruker BioSpin, include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 475,000 square foot facility in Rheinstetten, Germany;  
 •  an owned 360,000 square foot facility in Ettlingen, Germany;  
 •  an owned 306,000 square foot facility and a leased 70,000 square foot facility in Faellanden, Switzerland; and  
 
 34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  an owned 175,000 square foot facility and a leased 16,000 square foot facility in Wissembourg, France.  
 

         Bruker
CALID's three principal facilities are located in Bremen, Ettlingen and Leipzig, Germany. These facilities, which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application
and
demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the mass spectrometry and CBRNE businesses of Bruker CALID, include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 270,000 square foot facility in Bremen, Germany;  
 •  an owned 205,000 square foot facility in Ettlingen, Germany;  
 •  an owned 165,000 square foot facility in Leipzig, Germany; and  
 •  a leased 87,000 square foot facility in Nehren, Germany.  
 

         Bruker
Nano's five principal facilities are located in Karlsruhe and Berlin, Germany; Migdal Ha'Emek, Israel; Madison, Wisconsin, U.S.A.; and Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A. These
facilities, which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the businesses of Bruker Nano,
include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 76,000 square foot facility and an owned 46,000 square foot facility in Karlsruhe, Germany;    
 •  an owned 100,000 square foot facility in Santa Barbara, California, U.S.A.;  
 •  an owned 87,000 square foot facility in Berlin, Germany;  
 •  a leased 29,000 foot facility in Graz, Austria; and  
 •  a leased 22,000 square foot facility in Migdal Ha'Emek, Israel.  
 

 


 


BEST Segment:   

         BEST's five principal facilities are located in Hanau, Bergisch Gladbach and Alzenau, Germany, Carteret, New Jersey, U.S.A., and Perth,
Scotland. These facilities, which incorporate manufacturing, research and development, application and demonstration, marketing and sales and administration functions for the business of BEST,
include: 

 
 
 •  an owned 47,000 square foot facility in Perth, Scotland;  
 •  a leased 170,000 square foot facility in Hanau, Germany;  
 •  a leased 100,000 square foot facility in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany;  
 •  a leased 107,000 square foot facility in Carteret, New Jersey, U.S.A.; and  
 •  a leased 31,000 square foot facility in Alzenau, Germany.   
 

   
       ITEM 3     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         We are involved in lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, including, but not limited to, patent and commercial matters, which arise in the ordinary
course of business. There are no such matters pending that we currently believe are reasonably possible of having a material impact on our business or to our consolidated financial statements.  

         We
are subject to regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United States and other countries in which we operate. From time to time, we are the subject of
governmental investigations often involving regulatory, marketing and other business practices. These governmental investigations may result in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings,
fines, penalties and  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 administrative
remedies which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or liquidity.  


         In
August 2018, the KFTC informed us that it is conducting an investigation into the public tender bidding activities of a number of life science instrument companies operating in Korea,
including Bruker Korea Co., Ltd. We are cooperating fully with the KFTC regarding this matter and are unable to predict the timing or outcome of this investigation at this time. Revenues
from Korea represent less than 3% of the our consolidated revenue for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018.  

         On
October 19, 2017, we received a notice of investigation and subpoena to produce documents from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC. The subpoena seeks information related to
an employee terminated as part of a restructuring and certain matters involving our policies and accounting practices related to revenue recognition and restructuring activities, as well as related
financial reporting, disclosure and compliance matters, since January 1, 2013. The subpoena also seeks information concerning, among other things, our previously identified material weakness in
internal controls over the accounting for income taxes, related financial reporting matters and certain payments for non-employee travel expenses. We are producing documents in response to the
subpoena and intend to continue to cooperate fully with the SEC's investigation. Additionally, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, with the assistance of outside counsel, is conducting an
internal investigation into practices of certain business partners in China and into the conduct of former employees of the Bruker Optics division in China which raised questions of compliance with
laws, including the FCPA, and/or compliance with our business policies and code of conduct. We have voluntarily disclosed this matter to the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice. At this time, we are
unable to predict the duration, scope or outcome of these investigations.   

   
       ITEM 4     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          


         Not applicable.  

 36 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          

   
       ITEM 5     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES     
 


 


 


Market Prices   

         Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "BRKR."  

         As
of February 25, 2019, there were approximately 79 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include individual beneficial owners of shares held in nominee
name or within clearinghouse positions of brokerage firms and banks.  

 



 


Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   

         There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2018.  

 


 


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

         In May 2017, our Board of Directors approved and we announced a repurchase program under which repurchases of our common stock of up to
$225.0 million may occur from time to time, in amounts, at prices, and at such times as we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions, legal requirements and other considerations (the
"Repurchase Program"). No repurchases under this program occurred in the year ended December 31, 2018. As of December 31, 2018, shares of common stock with an aggregate cost of
approximately $152.2 million have been repurchased. Any future repurchases will be funded from cash on hand, future cash flows from operations and available borrowings under our revolving
credit facility. The remaining authorization under the Repurchase Program is $72.8 million as of February 25, 2019. The Repurchase Program expires May 11, 2019 and can be
suspended, modified or terminated at any time without prior notice.  

 



 


Stock Price Performance Graph   

         The graph below shows the cumulative stockholder return, assuming the investment of $100 (and the reinvestment of any dividends thereafter) for
the period beginning on December 31, 2013 and ending on December 31, 2018, for our common stock, stocks traded on Nasdaq, and a peer group consisting of U.S. public companies with a
Standard Industry Classification, or SIC, code 3826 Laboratory Analytical Instruments. The stock price performance of Bruker Corporation shown in the following graph is not indicative of future stock
price performance.  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Five Year Cumulative Total Return 
Assumes Initial Investment of $100 
December 2018  

 
 
   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Cumulative Total Return Index for:


 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2014  
   
 2015  
   
 2016  
   
 2017  
   
 2018  
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 100.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 99.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 122.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 107.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 175.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 153.2 
   
 
 
   Nasdaq Stock Market (US companies) 
   
   
 100.0 
   
   
 115.3 
   
   
 124.2 
   
   
 136.4 
   
   
 145.8 
   
   
 143.4 
   
 
 
   SIC Code 3826 Laborartory Analytical Instruments 
   
   
 100.0 
   
   
 119.4 
   
   
 130.1 
   
   
 123.0 
   
   
 188.8 
   
   
 198.2 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
data for this performance graph was compiled by Zack's Investment Research, Inc. and is used with its permission.  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       ITEM 6     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          

         The consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income data for each of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, and the
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.  

         The
data presented below was derived from consolidated financial statements that were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and should be read with
the consolidated and combined financial statements, including the notes thereto, and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018(1)  
   
 2017(2)  
   
 2016(3)  
   
 2015(4)  
   
 2014(5)  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions, except per share data) 
   
 
 
   Consolidated/Combined Statements of Income Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,576.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,479.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,345.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,381.1 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,571.9 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 311.7 
   
   
 278.2 
   
   
 254.7 
   
   
 235.5 
   
   
 231.8 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 11.2 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 5.2 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,895.6 
   
   
 1,765.9 
   
   
 1,611.3 
   
   
 1,623.8 
   
   
 1,808.9 
   
 
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
   
   
 1,633.2 
   
   
 1,546.4 
   
   
 1,429.5 
   
   
 1,463.6 
   
   
 1,702.9 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 262.4 
   
   
 219.5 
   
   
 181.8 
   
   
 160.2 
   
   
 106.0 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 179.7 
   
   
 78.6 
   
   
 153.6 
   
   
 101.6 
   
   
 56.7 
   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.34 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.14 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.60 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) 2018
includes $9.4 million of restructuring costs and $0.6 million of impairment of other long-lived assets.
 (2) 2017
includes $16.2 million of restructuring costs and $1.1 million of impairment of other long-lived assets and includes $68.9 million of
incremental income tax provision related to the 2017 Tax Act.
 (3) 2016
includes $20.8 million of restructuring costs and $0.8 million of impairment of other long-lived assets.
 (4) 2015
includes $29.3 million of restructuring costs and $4.6 million of impairment of goodwill, definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived
assets.  
  
  39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 (5) 2014
includes $36.1 million of restructuring costs and $11.5 million of impairment of definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets.  
  

  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018 (1)  
   
 2017  
   
 2016 (2)  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Consolidated/Combined Balance Sheet Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 322.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 325.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 342.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 267.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 319.5 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 114.2 
   
   
 157.9 
   
   
 201.2 
   
   
 178.0 
   
 
 
   Working capital (3) 
   
   
 705.0 
   
   
 834.3 
   
   
 751.2 
   
   
 677.0 
   
   
 783.6 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 2,128.6 
   
   
 1,948.5 
   
   
 1,808.4 
   
   
 1,730.0 
   
   
 1,863.7 
   
 
 
   Total debt 
   
   
 341.1 
   
   
 415.6 
   
   
 411.7 
   
   
 265.8 
   
   
 353.9 
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 279.0 
   
   
 274.9 
   
   
 199.0 
   
   
 177.4 
   
   
 156.2 
   
 
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 22.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 905.1 
   
   
 733.5 
   
   
 693.1 
   
   
 732.9 
   
   
 771.7 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) In
2018, the Company acquired 80% of Hain LifeScience GmbH. As part of the agreement, there is a right to purchase/right to sell the remaining 20% of the
entity.
 (2) In
2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs , and reclassified the debt issuance costs associated with the senior unsecured notes to a reduction of the carrying amount of debt instead of as an other asset as of each
of the years presented above. The impact was $0.9 million and $1.1 million in each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively.
 (3) Working
capital is defined in the above table as current assets less current liabilites.   
  
  40 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 7     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          


         The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD&A, describes the principal factors
affecting the results of our operations, financial condition and changes in financial condition, as well as our critical accounting policies and estimates. Our MD&A is organized as
follows:  

 
 
 •  Safe-harbor and Non-GAAP Financial Measures .  This section provides
appropriate disclosures regarding forward looking statements and our use of Non-GAAP financials measures.  
 •  Overview. This section provides a brief discussion of our reportable segments' results of operations, significant recent developments in our
businesses, and challenges and risks that may impact our businesses in the future.     
 •  Results of Operations .  This section provides our analysis of the
significant line items on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 and for the
year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016.     
 •  Liquidity and Capital Resources .  This section provides an analysis of our
liquidity and cash flow and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments.     
 •  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates .  This section discusses the
accounting estimates that are considered important to our financial condition and results of operations and require us to exercise subjective or complex judgments in their application. All of our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.     
 •  Recent Accounting Pronouncements .  This section provides a summary of recent
accounting pronouncements and discusses their potential impact on our consolidated financial statements.     
 •  Transactions with Related Parties .  This section summarizes transactions
with related parties.  
 

 


 


SAFE-HARBOR AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   

         Statements contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which express that we "believe,"
"anticipate," "plan," "expect," "seek," "estimate," or "should," as well as other statements which are not historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Actual events or results may differ materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements. Certain
factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018.  

         Although
our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP), we believe
describing revenue and expenses, excluding the effects of foreign currency, acquisitions and divestitures, as well as certain other charges, net, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding
our performance. Specifically, management believes that organic revenue and free cash flow, both non-GAAP financial measures, as well as non-GAAP gross profit margin and non-GAAP operating margin,
provide relevant and useful information that is widely used by equity analysts, investors and competitors in our industry, as well as by our management, in assessing both consolidated and business
unit performance. We define the term organic revenue as GAAP revenue excluding the effect of foreign currency translation changes and the effect of acquisitions and divestitures. We define the term
non-GAAP gross profit margin as GAAP gross profit margin with certain non-GAAP measures excluded and non-GAAP operating  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 margin
as GAAP operating margin with certain non-GAAP measures excluded. These non-GAAP measures exclude costs related to restructuring actions, acquisition and related integration expenses,
amortization of acquired intangible assets, costs associated with our global information technology transition initiative, and other non-operational costs that are infrequent or non-recurring in
nature and we believe these are useful measures to evaluate our continuing business.  

         We
define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less additions to property, plant, and equipment. We believe free cash flow is a useful measure to evaluate our
business as it indicates the amount of cash generated after additions to property, plant, and equipment which is available for, among other things, investments in our business, acquisitions, share
repurchases, dividends and repayment of debt. We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our period-over-period operating performance because our management believes they provide more
comparable measures of our continuing business because they adjust for certain items that are not reflective of the underlying performance of our business. These measures may also be useful to
investors in evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business. We regularly use these non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage, and evaluate our business results and
make operating decisions. We also measure our employees and compensate them, in part, based on such non-GAAP measures and use this information for our planning and forecasting activities. The
presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial
information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP and may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, and therefore, may not be comparable among companies.  

 


 


OVERVIEW   

         We are a developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-performance scientific instruments and analytical and diagnostic solutions that enable
our customers to explore life and materials at microscopic, molecular and cellular levels. Our corporate headquarters are located in Billerica, Massachusetts. We maintain major technical and
manufacturing centers in Europe and North America, and we have sales offices located throughout the world. Bruker is organized into four operating segments: the Bruker BioSpin Group, the Bruker CALID
Group, the Bruker Nano Group and the Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) Segment.  

         For
the year ended December 31, 2018, our revenue increased by $129.7 million, or 7.3%, to $1,895.6 million, compared to $1,765.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. Included in revenue were increases of approximately $28.2 million attributable to our recent acquisitions and approximately $25.5 million from the impact of
foreign currency translation due to a weaker average U.S. Dollar exchange rate relative to the Euro and other currencies in the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions, our organic revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased by $76.0 million, or 4.3%.  

         Our
gross profit margin increased to 47.5% for the year ended December 31, 2018 as compared to 46.2% during the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in gross profit
margin resulted primarily from strong operating leverage, favorable product mix and the impact of operational improvements. These positive effects were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency
translation.  

         Our
operating margin increased to 13.8% for the year ended December 31, 2018 from 12.4% during the year ended December 31, 2017, demonstrating operating leverage following
Bruker's multi-year operational transformation, while appropriately investing in our strategic growth areas. Our operating margin increased in the year ended December 31, 2018 due primarily to
positive operating leverage on higher sales and operational improvements. These factors more than offset significant negative foreign currency translation effects, which occurred primarily in the
first half of the year.  

 42 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         The
income tax provision in the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 was $63.7 million and $117.5 million, respectively, representing effective
tax rates of 26.0% and 59.4%, respectively. The decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to 2017, was primarily attributable to the impact of U.S. tax
reform related charges in 2017. Our tax rate may change over time as the amount and mix of jurisdictional income changes.  

         Earnings
per share increased to $1.14 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $0.49 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2017. The
increase compared to the prior year was driven primarily by revenue growth, higher gross and operating profit and the absence of U.S. tax reform related charges, which resulted in a significantly
higher effective tax rate in the year ended December 31, 2017.  

         Operating
cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2018 was a source of cash of $239.7 million. For the year ended December 31, 2018, our free cash flow, a non-GAAP
measure, was $190.5 million, calculated as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 239.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 154.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 130.8 
   
 
 
   Less: Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 49.2 
   
   
 43.7 
   
   
 37.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Free Cash Flow 
   
 
 
$ 
 190.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 110.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 93.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          For
the year ended December 31, 2018, our free cash flow was 72.1% higher than for the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily attributable to higher net earnings adjusted
for non-cash items and the timing of customer payments, offset by a slight increase in capital expenditures.  

         On
February 22, 2016, we announced the establishment of a dividend policy and the declaration by our Board of Directors of an initial quarterly cash dividend in the amount of
$0.04 per share of our issued and outstanding common stock. Dividends amounting to $25.1 million and $25.4 million were paid during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Future dividend payments, if any are subject to approval of our Board of Directors. We are targeting a cash dividend to our shareholders in the amount of $0.16 per share per annum,
payable in equal quarterly installments.  

         In
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, we completed various acquisitions that complemented our existing market offerings and added aftermarket and software capabilities.
The impact of the acquired companies on revenues, net income and total assets was not material.  

         We
can experience quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in our operating results as a result of various factors, some of which are outside our control, such
as: 

 
 
 •  the timing of governmental stimulus programs and academic research budgets;  
 •  the time it takes between the date customer orders and deposits are received, systems are shipped and accepted by our customers and full
payment is received;  
 •  the time it takes to satisfy local customs requirements and other export/import requirements;  
 •  the time it takes for customers to construct or prepare their facilities for our products; and  
 •  the time required to obtain governmental licenses.  
 

         These
factors have in the past affected the amount and timing of revenue recognized on sales of our products and receipt of related payments and will continue to do so in the future.
Accordingly, our operating results in any particular quarter may not necessarily be an indication of any future quarter's operating performance.  

 43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

 

 


 


Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2017   

 

 



 


Consolidated Results   

         The following table presents our results for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (dollars in millions, except per share data):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,576.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,479.5 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 311.7 
   
   
 278.2 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 8.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,895.6 
   
   
 1,765.9 
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenue 
   
   
 801.1 
   
   
 787.7 
   
 
 
   Cost of service revenue 
   
   
 193.4 
   
   
 160.8 
   
 
 
   Cost of other revenue 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 1.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost of revenue 
   
   
 995.6 
   
   
 949.9  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 900.0 
   
   
 816.0 
   
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 444.7 
   
   
 415.2 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 173.4 
   
   
 161.6 
   
 
 
   Other charges 
   
   
 19.5 
   
   
 19.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 637.6 
   
   
 596.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating income 
   
   
 262.4 
   
   
 219.5 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
   
 (17.7 
 ) 
   
 (21.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 244.7 
   
   
 197.8 
   
 
 
   Income tax provision 
   
   
 63.7 
   
   
 117.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 181.0 
   
   
 80.3 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 179.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.14 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.49 
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 156.2 
   
   
 158.1 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 157.2 
   
   
 159.1 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Revenue   

         For the year ended December 31, 2018, our revenue increased by $129.7 million, or 7.3%, to $1,895.6 million, compared to
$1,765.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. Included in revenue were increases of approximately $28.2 million attributable to our recent acquisitions and approximately
$25.5 million from the impact of foreign currency translation due to a weaker average U.S. Dollar exchange rate relative to the Euro and other currencies in the year ended December 31,
2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. Excluding the effects of foreign currency  

 44 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 translation
and our recent acquisitions, our organic revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased by $76.0 million, or 4.3%.  

 


 


Gross Profit   

         Our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $900.0 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 47.5%, compared to
$816.0 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 46.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2017. Included in gross profit were various charges for amortization of acquisition-related
intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs totaling $28.7 million and $36.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Excluding these charges, our non-GAAP gross profit margins were 49.0% and 48.3% in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our GAAP and non-GAAP gross profit
margin increased in the year ended December 31, 2018 due to positive operating leverage on higher sales volume and favorable product mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency
translation effects.  

 


 


Selling, General and Administrative   

         Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2018 increased to $444.7 million, or 23.5% of
revenue, from $415.2 million, or 23.5% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily caused by additional expenses associated with recent acquisitions in
our Bruker Nano Group and Bruker CALID Group, select investments and foreign currency translation effects.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         Our research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2018 increased to $173.4 million, or 9.1% of revenue, from
$161.6 million, or 9.2% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was driven primarily by additional expenses associated with recent acquisitions and foreign
currency translation effects.  

 


 


Other Charges, Net   

         Other charges, net was $19.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, of which $19.4 million related to the BSI
Segment and $0.1 million related to the BEST Segment. The charges consisted primarily of $6.8 million of restructuring costs related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing
and other restructuring initiatives, $3.4 million of acquisition-related charges related to acquisitions completed in 2018 and 2017, $4.8 million of costs associated with our global
information technology (IT) transformation initiative and $4.5 million related to professional fees.  

         Other
charges, net was $19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, of which $18.7 million related to the BSI Segment and $1.0 million related to the
BEST Segment. The charges consisted primarily of $10.6 million of restructuring costs related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives,
$4.5 million related primarily to additional contingent consideration recognized for the acquisition of Jordan Valley Semiconductors, Ltd. ("Jordan Valley") based upon an increase in
revenue levels of the acquired business which increased the amount of expected earn out payments, $4.2 million of costs associated with our global IT transformation initiative and impairment
charges of $0.2 million comprised of other long-lived assets related to the restructuring actions.  

         In
2019, we expect to incur $5.0 to $10.0 million of expense related to various outsourcing initiatives and other restructuring activities that were implemented in 2018 or will
commence in 2019.  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, we performed our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment evaluation and concluded the fair values of each of our reporting units
were significantly greater than their carrying amounts, and therefore, no additional impairment is required.  

         We
will continue to monitor goodwill and long-lived intangible assets, as well as long-lived tangible assets, for possible future impairment.  

 


 


Operating Income   

         Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $262.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 13.8%, compared to
income from operations of $219.5 million, resulting in an operating margin of 12.4%, for the year ended December 31, 2017. The operating margin expansion was primarily due to increased
revenue, favorable product mix at the BSI and BEST Segments, as well as ongoing operational improvements. This was partially offset by negative foreign currency translation effects, which occurred
primarily in the first half of the year. Included in operating income were various charges for amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs and
restructuring costs totaling $55.5 million and $61.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Excluding these charges, our non-GAAP operating margins
were 16.8% and 15.9% in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Our GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin increased in the year ended December 31, 2018 despite significant
unfavorable foreign currency translation effects.  

 


 


Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net   

         Interest and other income (expense), net during the year ended December 31, 2018 was ($17.7) million, compared to ($21.7) million
for the year ended December 31, 2017.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2018, the major components within interest and other income (expense), net were net interest expense of $11.4 million, realized and
unrealized losses on foreign currency denominated transactions of $3.0 million and $3.9 million related to pension plan expenses.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the major components within interest and other income (expense), net were net interest expense of $14.6 million, realized and
unrealized losses on foreign currency denominated transactions of $5.5 million and $4.8 million related to pension plan expenses, partially offset by $2.1 million of proceeds from
a cargo insurance settlement and a gain on acquisition of $0.6 million. The $0.6 million gain on acquisition related to the acquisition of MERLIN Diagnostika GmbH ("MERLIN")
within the BSI Segment as the value of the assets purchased exceeded the consideration paid.  

         The
2017 interest and other income (expense), net amounts have been revised to reflect the adoption of ASU 2017-07 related to the reclassification of certain pension costs.  

 



 


Income Tax Provision   

         The income tax provision in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was $63.7 million and $117.5 million, respectively,
representing effective tax rates of 26.0% and 59.4%, respectively. The decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to 2017, was primarily attributable to
the absence of U.S. tax reform related charges which significantly increased the income tax provision in 2017. Our tax rate may change over time as the amount and mix of jurisdictional income changes.  


         We
expect our effective income tax rate to be approximately 25.0% for the year ended December 31, 2019.  

 46 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   

         Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest for the year ended December 31, 2018 was
$1.3 million compared to $1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest
represented the minority shareholders' proportionate share of the net income recorded by our majority-owned indirect subsidiaries.  

 


 


Net Income Attributable to Bruker Corporation   

         Our net income attributable to Bruker Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $179.7 million, or $1.14 per diluted
share, compared to net income of $78.6 million, or $0.49 per diluted share, for 2017. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily driven by higher revenues,
operational improvements and the absence of U.S. tax reform related charges that were incurred in 2017, as noted above.  

 


 


Segment Results   

 


 


Revenue   

         The following table presents revenue, change in revenue, and revenue growth by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2018
and 2017 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 Dollar Change  
   
 Percentage 
Change  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,707.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,583.9 
   
 

 
$ 
 123.1 
   
   
 7.8 
 % 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 194.8 
   
   
 191.2 
   
   
 3.6 
   
   
 1.9 
 % 
 
 
   Eliminations (a) 
   
   
 (6.2 
 ) 
   
 (9.2 
 ) 
   
 3.0 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,895.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,765.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 129.7 
   
   
 7.3 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
product and service revenue between reportable segments.   
  
  



 


BSI Segment Revenues   

         For financial reporting purposes, we aggregate the Bruker BioSpin, Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments into the Bruker Scientific
Instruments (BSI) reportable segment, which represented approximately 90% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2018. This aggregation reflects these operating segments' similar
economic characteristics, production processes, customer services provided, types and classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments. Our BEST Segment is our other
reportable segment and represents the remainder of our revenues.  

         BSI
Segment revenue increased by $123.1 million, or 7.8%, to $1,707.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to $1,583.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2017. Included in revenue was an increase of approximately $28.2 million related to our recent acquisitions and approximately $20.5 million from the impact of
foreign currency translation due to a weaker average U.S. Dollar exchange rate relative to the Euro and other currencies in the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions, organic revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased by $74.4 million, or 4.7%.  


         Bruker
BioSpin Group revenue increased by $19.2 million to $591.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to $571.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The Bruker  

 47 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 BioSpin
Group revenue increase was primarily attributable to the biopharma, clinical research, applied and aftermarket businesses.  


         Bruker
CALID Group revenue increased by $48.8 million to $547.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $499.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The Bruker CALID Group revenue increase was primarily the result of strong performance in the microbiology, life science mass spectrometry and FTIR/NIR molecular spectroscopy
businesses, together with contributions from our recent microbiology and diagnostics acquisitions. The strong performance in our mass spectrometry and molecular spectroscopy businesses was offset in
part by a decline in revenue for CBRNE products.  

         Bruker
Nano Group revenue increased by $55.1 million to $568.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to $513.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The Bruker Nano Group revenue increase was primarily driven by solid performance in academic and industrial materials research markets for our X-Ray, nano surfaces and nano
analysis tools, partially offset by lower revenue from semiconductor metrology markets. The Bruker Nano Group also benefited from contributions from recent acquisitions, mainly Anasys Instruments and
JPK Instruments.  

         System
revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BSI Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 
 
   System revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,223.7 
   
   
 71.7 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,147.1 
   
   
 72.4 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 483.3 
   
   
 28.3 
 % 
   
 436.8 
   
   
 27.6 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,707.0 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,583.9 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


BEST Segment Revenues   

         BEST Segment revenue increased by $3.6 million, or 1.9%, to $194.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared
to $191.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The modest increase in revenue in the year ended December 31, 2018 over the prior year was due to a $5.0 million
favorable foreign currency translation effect caused by the fluctuation of the U.S. Dollar versus the Euro.  


         System
and wire revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BEST Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (dollars in
millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 
 
   System and wire revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 191.2 
   
   
 98.2 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 187.7 
   
   
 98.2 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 3.6 
   
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
 3.5 
   
   
 1.8 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 194.8 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 191.2 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Gross Profit and Operating Expenses   

         For the year ended December 31, 2018, gross profit margin in the BSI Segment increased to 50.7% from 49.8% in the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase in gross profit margin resulted primarily from growth in revenue, favorable product mix and the impact of operational improvements, partially offset by negative
foreign currency translation effects. BEST Segment gross profit margin  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 increased
to 17.9% from 15.3% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in gross profit margin resulted primarily from favorable product mix and the impact of operational improvements.  


         For
the year ended December 31, 2018, selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses in the BSI Segment increased to $597.9 million, or
35.0% of segment revenue, from $556.0 million, or 35.1% of segment revenue, for the comparable period in 2017. Selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses
in the BEST Segment decreased to $20.2 million, or 10.4% of segment revenue, in 2018 compared to $20.7 million, or 10.8% of segment revenue, in 2017. The decrease in operating expenses
as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to decreased spending during the year ended December 31, 2018.  

 



 


Operating Income   

         The following table presents operating income and operating margins on revenue by reportable segment for the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2017 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment Revenue  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 247.9 
   
   
 14.5 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 213.4 
   
   
 13.5 
 % 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 14.5 
   
   
 7.4 
 % 
   
 7.4 
   
   
 3.9 
 % 
 
 
   Corporate, eliminations and other (a) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating income 
   
 
 
$ 
 262.4 
   
   
 13.8 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 219.5 
   
   
 12.4 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
corporate costs and eliminations not allocated to the reportable segments.   
  
          BSI
Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $247.9 million, resulting in an operating margin of 14.5%, compared to income from operations of
$213.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 13.5%, for the year ended December 31, 2017. The operating margin increased primarily as a result of increased revenue, favorable
product mix and ongoing operational improvements, partially offset by negative foreign currency translation effects, which occurred primarily in the first half of 2018.  

         BEST
Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $14.5 million, resulting in an operating margin of 7.4%, compared to operating income of
$7.4 million, resulting in an operating
margin of 3.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in operating margin was primarily due to favorable product mix and operational improvements.  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2016   

 



 


Consolidated Results   

         The following table presents our results for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in millions, except per share data):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,479.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,345.4 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 278.2 
   
   
 254.7 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 11.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,765.9 
   
   
 1,611.3 
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenue 
   
   
 
787.7 
   
   
 
711.4 
   
 
 
   Cost of service revenue 
   
   
 160.8 
   
   
 150.0 
   
 
 
   Cost of other revenue 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 4.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost of revenue 
   
   
 949.9 
   
   
 866.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 816.0 
   
   
 745.3 
   
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 415.2 
   
   
 389.8 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 161.6 
   
   
 147.9 
   
 
 
   Other charges 
   
   
 19.7 
   
   
 25.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 596.5 
   
   
 563.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating income 
   
   
 219.5 
   
   
 181.8 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
   
 
(21.7 
 ) 
   
 
(4.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 197.8 
   
   
 177.6 
   
 
 
   Income tax provision 
   
   
 117.5 
   
   
 23.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 80.3 
   
   
 154.5 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 0.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 153.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95 
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 158.1 
   
   
 161.4 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 159.1 
   
   
 162.2 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Revenue   

         For the year ended December 31, 2017, our revenue increased by $154.6 million, or 9.6%, to $1,765.9 million, compared to
$1,611.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Included in revenue were an increase of approximately $77.2 million attributable to our recent acquisitions and an increase
of approximately $19.6 million from the impact of foreign currency translation caused by the weakening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Euro and other currencies. Excluding the effects of foreign  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 currency
translation and our recent acquisitions, our organic revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased by $57.8 million, or 3.6%.  

 



 


Gross Profit   

         Our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $816.0 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 46.2%, compared to
$745.3 million, resulting in a gross profit margin of 46.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2016. Included in gross profit were various charges for amortization of acquisition-related
intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs totaling $36.1 million and $31.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. Excluding these charges, our non-GAAP gross profit margin was 48.3% and 48.2% in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 


 


Selling, General and Administrative   

         Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2017 increased to $415.2 million, or 23.5% of
revenue, from $389.8 million, or 24.2% of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily caused by the effect of recent acquisitions in our Bruker Nano Group
and Bruker CALID Group. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was attributable to cost control discipline and savings associated with restructuring
initiatives.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         Our research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2017 increased to $161.6 million, or 9.2% of revenue, from
$147.9 million, or 9.2% of revenue, for the year
ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily caused by the effect of recent acquisitions in our Bruker Nano Group and Bruker CALID Group.  

 


 


Other Charges, Net   

         Other charges, net was $19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, of which $18.7 million related to the BSI
Segment and $1.0 million related to the BEST Segment. The charges consisted primarily of $10.6 million of restructuring costs related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing
and other restructuring initiatives, $4.5 million related primarily to additional contingent consideration recognized for the acquisition of Jordan Valley based upon an increase in revenue
levels of the acquired business which increased the amount of expected earn out payments, $4.2 million of costs associated with our global information technology (IT) transformation initiative
and impairment charges of $0.2 million comprised of other long-lived assets related to the restructuring actions.  

         Other
charges, net was $25.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, of which $25.2 million related to the BSI Segment and $0.6 million related to the
BEST Segment. The charges consisted primarily of $9.8 million of restructuring costs related to closing facilities and implementing outsourcing and other restructuring initiatives,
$9.0 million related primarily to additional contingent consideration recognized for the Jordan Valley acquisition based upon an increase in revenue levels of the acquired business which
increased the amount of expected earn out payments, $6.2 million of costs associated with our global IT transformation initiative and impairment charges of $0.8 million comprised of
other long-lived assets related to the restructuring actions within the Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano Groups during the year.  

 


 


Operating Income   

         Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $219.5 million, resulting in an operating margin of 12.4%, compared to
income from operations of $181.8 million, resulting in an  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 operating
margin of 11.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2016. The operating margin increased due primarily to positive operating leverage on higher revenues, cost discipline and savings from
restructuring initiatives. These factors more than offset dilution from recent acquisitions and foreign currency translation effects. Included in operating income were various charges for amortization
of acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs totaling $61.4 million and $60.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. Excluding these charges, our non-GAAP operating margins were 15.9% and 15.0% in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 


 


Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net   

         Interest and other income (expense), net during the year ended December 31, 2017 was ($21.7) million, compared to
($4.2) million for the year ended December 31, 2016.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2017, the major components within interest and other income (expense), net were net interest expense of $14.6 million, realized and
unrealized losses on foreign currency denominated transactions of $5.5 million and $4.8 million of pension plan expenses, partially offset by $2.1 million of proceeds from a cargo
insurance settlement and a gain on acquisition of $0.6 million. The $0.6 million gain on acquisition related to the acquisition of MERLIN within the BSI Segment as the value of the
assets purchased exceeded the consideration paid.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2016, the major components within interest and other income (expense), net were a gain on acquisition of $9.2 million and realized and
unrealized gains on foreign currency denominated transactions of $4.1 million, partially offset by net interest expense of $12.9 million and $4.6 million of pension plan expenses.
The $9.2 million gain on acquisition related to the acquisition of Oxford Instruments Superconducting Wire LLC ("OST") within the BEST Segment as the value of the assets purchased
exceeded the consideration paid.  

 


 


Income Tax Provision   

         The income tax provision in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was $117.5 million and $23.1 million, respectively,
representing effective tax rates of 59.4% and 13.0%, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to 2016, was primarily attributable to
the impact of U.S. tax reform in 2017 which was offset by the 2016 release of our remaining valuation allowances and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the closure of tax
audits in 2016. Our tax rate may change over time as the amount and mix of jurisdictional income changes.  

 


 


Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   

         Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $1.7 million compared to
$0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represented the minority shareholders' proportionate share of the net income
recorded by our majority-owned indirect subsidiaries.  

 


 


Net Income Attributable to Bruker Corporation   

         Our net income attributable to Bruker Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $78.6 million, or $0.49 per diluted
share, compared to net income of $153.6 million, or $0.95 per diluted share, for 2016. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2017 was primarily caused by the impact of U.S. tax
reform as noted above.  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Segment Results   

 


 


Revenue   

         The following table presents revenue, change in revenue, and revenue growth by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2017
and 2016 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 Dollar Change  
   
 Percentage 
Change  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,583.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,492.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 91.3 
   
   
 6.1 
 % 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 191.2 
   
   
 130.2 
   
   
 61.0 
   
   
 46.9 
 % 
 
 
   Eliminations (a) 
   
   
 (9.2 
 ) 
   
 (11.5 
 ) 
   
 2.3 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,765.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,611.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 154.6 
   
   
 9.6 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
product and service revenue between reportable segments.   
  
  



 


BSI Segment Revenues   

         For financial reporting purposes, we aggregate the Bruker BioSpin, Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments into the Bruker Scientific
Instruments (BSI) reportable segment, which represented approximately 90% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2017. This aggregation reflects these operating segments' similar
economic characteristics, production processes, customer services provided, types and classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments. Our BEST Segment is our other
reportable segment and represents the remainder of our revenues.  

         BSI
Segment revenue increased by $91.3 million, or 6.1%, to $1,583.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to $1,492.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016. Included in revenue was an increase of approximately $33.4 million related to our recent acquisitions and approximately $17.3 million from the impact of
foreign currency translation caused by the weakening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Euro and other currencies. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and our recent acquisitions, organic
revenue, a non-GAAP measure, increased by $40.6 million, or 2.7%.  

         Bruker
BioSpin Group revenue increased by $9.2 million to $571.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to $562.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The Bruker BioSpin Group revenue increased despite a challenging comparison as the year ended December 31, 2016 benefited from the sale of the first shielded
ultra-high field one gigahertz NMR system and higher levels of high field NMR systems. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the service and aftermarket business of the Bruker BioSpin
Group and foreign currency translations.  

         Bruker
CALID Group revenue increased by $23.6 million to $499.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $475.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The Bruker CALID Group increase was primarily the result of improved academic end markets, particularly for mass spectrometry products and within Europe, and infrared and
Raman technologies used in applied and industrial end markets, and the contributions of acquisitions and foreign currency translation effects. These increases were partly offset by lower CBRNE
revenue, which benefited from a significant contract in the year ended December 31, 2016.  

         Bruker
Nano Group revenue increased by $58.4 million to $513.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to $454.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The Bruker Nano Group revenue increase was primarily as a result of recent acquisitions, growth within the academic and industrial markets for X-ray and nano surfaces
products and growth in semiconductor metrology markets.  

 53 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         System
revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BSI Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   System revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,147.1 
   
   
 72.4 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,092.8 
   
   
 73.2 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 436.8 
   
   
 27.6 
 % 
   
 399.8 
   
   
 26.8 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,583.9 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,492.6 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


BEST Segment Revenues   

         BEST Segment revenue increased by $61.0 million, or 46.9%, to $191.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared
to $130.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in revenue resulted from the OST acquisition, which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2016, and organic revenue
growth caused by higher shipments of superconductors to large magnetic resonance imaging customers.  


         System
and wire revenue and aftermarket revenue as a percentage of total BEST Segment revenue were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in
millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   System and wire revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 187.7 
   
   
 98.2 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 126.9 
   
   
 97.5 
 % 
 
 
   Aftermarket revenue 
   
   
 3.5 
   
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
 3.3 
   
   
 2.5 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 191.2 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 130.2 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Gross Profit and Operating Expenses   

         For the year ended December 31, 2017, gross profit margin in the BSI Segment increased to 49.8% from 48.3% in the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase in gross margin was
caused primarily by higher sales attributable to improved European and industrial end markets and operating cost improvements resulting from recent restructuring and operational initiatives. A product
mix favoring less profitable lower field NMR systems within the BioSpin Group was an offset to the year over year BSI Segment gross margin expansion. The BEST Segment gross profit margin decreased to
15.3% from 17.1% for the year ended December 31, 2016. Lower gross margins resulted primarily from the impact of the OST acquisition. Integration plans for the BEST Segment's OST business
include commercial and productivity improvement actions designed to achieve pre-acquisition gross profit margin levels.  

         For
the year ended December 31, 2017, selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses in the BSI Segment increased to $556.0 million, or
35.1% of segment revenue, from $522.2 million, or 35.0% of segment revenue, for the comparable period in 2016. Selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses
in the BEST Segment increased to $20.7 million, or 10.8% of segment revenue, in 2017 compared to $15.5 million, or 11.9% of segment revenue, in 2016. The decrease in BEST Segment
operating expenses as a percent of revenue was primarily attributable to the increased revenue during the year ended December 31, 2017.  

 54 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

 


 


Operating Income   

         The following table presents operating income and operating margins on revenue by reportable segment for the years ended December 31,
2017 and 2016 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 Operating 
Income  
   
 Percentage of 
Segment 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 213.4 
   
   
 13.5 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 173.5 
   
   
 11.6 
 % 
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 7.4 
   
   
 3.9 
 % 
   
 6.6 
   
   
 5.1 
 % 
 
 
   Corporate, eliminations and other (a) 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating income 
   
 
 
$ 
 219.5 
   
   
 12.4 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 181.8 
   
   
 11.3 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
corporate costs and eliminations not allocated to the reportable segments.   
  
          BSI
Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $213.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 13.5%, compared to income from operations of
$173.5 million, resulting in an operating margin of 11.6%, for the year ended December 31, 2016. Our operating margin increased primarily because of the gross profit improvements noted
above, as well as operational improvements as a result of our restructuring initiatives.  

         BEST
Segment operating income for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $7.4 million, resulting in an operating margin of 3.9%, compared to operating income of
$6.6 million, resulting in an operating margin of 5.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease in operating margin was primarily the result of the gross margin deterioration
noted above.  

 



 


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

         We anticipate that our existing cash and credit facilities will be sufficient to support our operating and investing needs for at least the next
twelve months. Our future cash requirements could be affected by acquisitions that we may complete, repurchases of our common stock, or the payment of dividends in the future. Historically, we have
financed our growth and liquidity needs through cash flow generation and a combination of debt financings and issuances of common stock. In the future, there are no assurances that we will continue to
generate cash flow from operations or that additional financing alternatives will be available to us, if required, or if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to us.  


         During
the year ended December 31, 2018, net cash provided by operating activities was $239.7 million, resulting primarily from consolidated net income adjusted for
non-cash items of $281.9 million, offset by a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures, of $42.2 million. The decrease in operating assets
and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures, for the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily caused by an increase in accounts receivable caused by proportionately higher sales
late in the fourth quarter of 2018 and inventory build for 2019 orders, which were offset in part by cash received from customer advances.  


         During
the year ended December 31, 2017, net cash provided by operating activities was $154.4 million, resulting primarily from consolidated net income adjusted for
non-cash items of $195.0 million, offset by a net increase in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures, of $40.6 million. The increase in operating assets
and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures, for the year ended December 31, 2017 was primarily caused by an increase in accounts receivables caused by proportionately higher sales
late in the fourth quarter of 2017, which was offset in part by the income tax accruals in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to U.S. tax reform legislation, as well as higher compensation and
restructuring accruals.  

 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         During
the year ended December 31, 2018, net cash used in investing activities was $123.4 million, compared to net cash used in investing activities of $30.2 million
during the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily attributable to net cash paid for
acquisitions of $191.6 million and net capital expenditures of $49.2 million. These activities were offset, in part, by net cash proceeds of short-term investments of
$117.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2017, net cash used in investing activities was $30.2 million, compared to net cash used in investing activities of
$21.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2016. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily included net cash paid for acquisitions
of $66.3 million and net capital expenditures of $32.2 million. These activities were offset, in part, by net cash proceeds of short-term investments of $68.3 million.  

         We
expect capital expenditures in 2019 to be approximately $80.0 million.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2018, net cash used in financing activities was $112.4 million, compared to net cash used in financing activities of
$159.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2017. Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily caused by $218.1 million of
repayments under revolving lines of credit and $25.1 million used for the payment of dividends. These cash uses were partially offset by borrowings of $129.4 million under the revolving
lines of credit and $9.4 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises. During the year ended December 31, 2017, net cash used in
financing activities was $159.0 million, compared to net cash used in financing activities of $27.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2016. Cash used in financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2017 was primarily caused by the repurchase of common stock of $152.2 million, $130.0 million of repayments under the revolving line
of credit, $25.4 million used for the payment of dividends and $20.0 million of repayments under the Note Purchase Agreement described below. These cash uses were partially offset by
borrowings of $154.0 million under the revolving line of credit and $20.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock option exercises.  

         In
May 2017, our Board of Directors approved the Repurchase Program under which repurchases of common stock in the amount of up to $225.0 million were authorized to occur from
time to time, in amounts, at prices, and at such times as we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions, legal requirements and other considerations. No repurchases occurred under this Repurchase
Program in the year ended December 31, 2018. The remaining authorization as of February 25, 2019 is $72.8 million. We intend to fund any additional repurchases from cash on hand,
future cash flows from operations and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  

         The
repurchased shares are reflected within Treasury stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2018.  

         Cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments at December 31, 2018 and 2017 totaled $322.4 million and $439.2 million, respectively, of which
$280.9 million and $405.8 million, respectively, related to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside of the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries, most significantly in
the Netherlands and Switzerland.  

         At
December 31, 2018 and in accordance with the 2017 Tax Act, we recorded state and foreign withholding taxes, as well as subsequent foreign currency translations on these
withholding taxes as they are an obligation of the parent company, on the cash and liquid assets portion of the unremitted earnings and profits (E&P) of foreign subsidiaries expected to be repatriated
from our foreign subsidiaries to the United States. We continue to be indefinitely reinvested in the amount of $453.4 million of non-cash E&P that is subject to the 2017 Tax Act deemed
repatriation. If this E&P is ultimately distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise we would likely be subject to additional withholding tax. We will continue to evaluate
our assertions on the cumulative historical outside basis differences in our foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018. We have  

 56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 finalized
this analysis and the accounting related to the toll charge and outside basis differences in our foreign subsidiaries during the measurement period provided under the 2017 Tax Act. The
amount of unrecognized deferred withholding taxes on the undistributed E&P was $48.5 million at December 31, 2018.  

         As
of December 31, 2018, we had approximately $43.2 million of net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce state taxable income; approximately $93.1 million
of net operating losses available to reduce German federal income and trade taxes that are carried forward indefinitely and $8.5 million of other foreign net operating losses that are expected
to expire at various times beginning in 2019. We also had U.S. state research and development tax credits of $8.6 million. Utilization of these credits and state net operating losses may be
subject to annual limitations due to the ownership percentage change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and similar state provisions. In the event of a deemed change
in control under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, an annual limitation on the utilization of net operating losses and credits may result in the expiration of all or a portion of the net
operating loss and credit carryforwards.  

         Uncertain
tax contingencies are positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return that may result in additional payments to tax authorities. If a tax authority agrees with
the tax position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary.  


         At
December 31, 2018, we had outstanding debt totaling $341.1 million, consisting of $220.0 million outstanding under the Note Purchase Agreement described below,
$111.6 million outstanding under the revolving loan component of the 2015 Credit Agreement described below, $7.1 million under capital lease obligations and other loans and
$2.9 million under other revolving loans. These amounts were offset by unamortized debt issuance costs under the Note Purchase Agreement of $0.5 million. At December 31, 2017, we
had outstanding debt totaling $415.6 million, consisting of $220.0 million outstanding under the Note Purchase Agreement, $195.0 million outstanding under the revolving loan
component of the 2015 Credit Agreement described below and $1.3 million under capital lease
obligations and other loans. These amounts were offset by unamortized debt issuance costs under the Note Purchase Agreement of $0.7 million.  

         The
following is a summary of the maximum commitments and the net amounts available to us under the 2015 Credit Agreement and other lines of credit with various financial institutions
located primarily in Germany and Switzerland that are unsecured and typically due upon demand with interest payable monthly, at December 31, 2018 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Interest Rate  
   
 Total Amount 
Committed 
by Lenders  
   
 Outstanding 
Borrowings  
   
 Outstanding 
Letters 
of Credit  
   
 Total Amount 
Available  
   
 
 
   2015 Credit Agreement 
   
   
 1.4 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 500.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 111.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 1.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 387.1 
   
 
 
   Hain revolving line of credit 
   
   
 3.5 
 % 
   
 4.0 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.1 
   
 
 
   Alicona revolving line of credit 
   
   
 0.5 
 % 
   
 5.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.3 
   
 
 
   Other lines of credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 256.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 137.0 
   
   
 119.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revolving loans 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 765.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 114.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 138.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 513.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          On
October 27, 2015, we entered into the 2015 Credit Agreement, and terminated our prior credit agreement. The 2015 Credit Agreement provides a maximum commitment on the revolving
credit line of $500.0 million and a maturity date of October 2020. Borrowings under the revolving credit line accrue interest, at our option, at either (a) the greatest of (i) the
prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, and (iii) adjusted LIBOR plus 1.00%, plus margins ranging from 0.00% to 0.30% or (b) LIBOR, plus margins ranging from 0.90% to
1.30%. There is also a facility fee ranging from 0.10% to 0.20%.  

 57 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Borrowings
under the 2015 Credit Agreement are secured by guarantees from certain material subsidiaries, as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement. The 2015 Credit Agreement also requires
us to maintain certain financial ratios related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage. Specifically, our leverage ratio cannot exceed 3.5 and our interest coverage ratio cannot be less
than 2.5. In addition to the financial ratios, the 2015 Credit Agreement contains negative covenants, including among others, restrictions on liens, indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries,
asset sales, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default on the 2015 Credit Agreement, which could
permit acceleration of the debt and require us to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.  

         In
January 2012, we entered into a note purchase agreement, referred to as the Note Purchase Agreement, with a group of accredited institutional investors. Under the Note Purchase
Agreement, we issued and sold $240.0 million of senior notes, which consist of the following: 

 
 
 •  $20.0 million 3.16% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2017;  
 •  $15.0 million 3.74% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2019;  
 •  $105.0 million 4.31% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2022; and  
 •  $100.0 million 4.46% Series 2012A senior notes due January 18, 2024.  
 

         On
January 18, 2017, the outstanding $20.0 million principal amount of Tranche A of the Senior Notes was repaid in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase
Agreement.  

         As
of December 31, 2018, we were in compliance with the covenants, as defined by the 2015 Credit Agreement and the Note Purchase Agreement, as our leverage ratio was 0.93 and our
interest coverage ratio was 22.5.  

         The
following table summarizes maturities for our significant financial obligations as of December 31, 2018 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Contractual Obligations

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Less than 1 
Year  
   
 1-3 Years  
   
 4-5 Years  
   
 More than 
5 Years  
   
 
 
   Revolving lines of credit 
   
 
 
$ 
 114.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 111.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Other long-term debt, including current portion 
   
   
 226.6 
   
   
 15.6 
   
   
 2.4 
   
   
 107.0 
   
   
 101.6 
   
 
 
   Interest payable on long-term debt and revolving lines of credit 
   
   
 44.6 
   
   
 11.1 
   
   
 20.0 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 2.2 
   
 
 
   Unconditional purchase commitments (1) 
   
   
 228.3 
   
   
 220.3 
   
   
 7.4 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Acquisition-related contingent consideration (2) 
   
   
 15.1 
   
   
 7.1 
   
   
 6.7 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Operating lease obligations 
   
   
 93.1 
   
   
 25.3 
   
   
 32.8 
   
   
 16.6 
   
   
 18.4 
   
 
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 22.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22.6 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2017 Tax Act impact 
   
   
 33.1 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 8.6 
   
   
 12.6 
   
   
 9.0 
   
 
 
   Pension liabilities 
   
   
 47.7 
   
   
 2.5 
   
   
 6.1 
   
   
 8.1 
   
   
 31.0 
   
 
 
   Uncertain tax contingencies 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 832.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 287.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 196.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 180.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 168.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Unconditional
purchase commitments include agreements to purchase goods, services, or fixed assets that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all
significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase commitments exclude
agreements that are cancellable at any time without penalty.  
  
  58 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 (2) Acquisition-related
contingent considerations represents the estimated fair value of future payments to the former shareholders of applicable acquired companies
based on achieving annual revenue and gross margin targets in certain years as specified in the purchase and sale agreements.   
  
  


 


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

         This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires that we make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to: revenue recognition; the expensing and
capitalization of software development costs; stock-based compensation expense; restructuring and other related charges; income taxes, including the recoverability of deferred tax assets; allowances
for doubtful accounts; inventory reductions for excess and obsolete inventories; estimated fair values of long-lived assets used to measure the recoverability of long-lived assets; intangible assets
and goodwill; expected future cash flows used to measure the recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived assets; warranty costs; derivative financial instruments; and contingent liabilities. We
base our estimates and judgments on our historical experience, current market and economic conditions, industry trends, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable and form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates.  

         We
believe the following critical accounting policies and estimates to be both those most important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and those that
require the most estimation and subjective judgment.  

 

 


 


Revenue recognition.   

 


 


2018 Policy under ASC 606:   

 

         We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers  (ASC 606). The key elements of ASC 606 are: 1) identifying a contract with the customer; 2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract;
3) determining the
transaction price; 4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognizing revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied.  

         We
recognize revenue from systems sales upon transfer of control in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive. Transfer of control generally occurs upon shipment, or
for certain systems, based upon customer acceptance for a system once delivered and installed at a customer facility. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, we are required to
assess when it can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon successful factory acceptance testing or customer acceptance and evidence of installation. For systems that
require installation and where system revenue is recognized upon shipment, the standalone selling price of installation is deferred until customer acceptance.  

         When
products are sold through an independent distributor or a strategic distribution partner, we recognize the system sale upon transfer of control which is typically on shipment. When
we are responsible for installation, the standalone selling price of installation is deferred until customer acceptance. Our distributors do not have price protection rights or rights of return;
however, our products are typically warranted to be free from defect for a period of one year.  

 59 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         For
contracts that include multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices of
the goods and services being provided to the customer. Our best evidence of standalone selling price is its normal selling pricing and discounting practices for the specific product or service when
sold on a standalone basis. Alternatively, we may determine standalone selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach.  

         We
analyze our selling prices used in the allocation of the transaction price, at a minimum, on an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed more frequently if a significant change
in our business or other factors necessitate more frequent analysis or we experience significant variances in our selling prices.  

         Revenue
from accessories and parts is generally recognized based on shipment. Service revenue is recognized as the services are performed or ratably over the contractual obligation and
includes maintenance contracts, extended warranties, training, application support and on-demand services.  


         For
performance obligations recognized over time, revenue is measured by progress toward completion of the performance obligation that reflects the transfer of control. In particular, we
have certain contracts recognized over time for which we apply the cost-to-cost method based on costs incurred to date relative to the total estimated costs for the contract upon completion.
Application of the cost-to-cost method requires us to make reasonable estimates of the extent of progress toward completion and the total costs we will incur. Losses are recorded immediately when we
estimate that contracts will ultimately result in a loss. Changes in the estimates could affect the timing of revenue recognition.  


         We
include costs incurred in connection with shipping and handling of products within selling, general and administrative costs. Amounts billed to customers in connection with these
costs are included in total revenues. When control of the goods transfers prior to the completion of our obligation to ship the products to our customers, we have elected the practical expedient to
account for the shipping services as a fulfillment cost. We expense incremental costs of obtaining a contract as and when incurred if the expected amortization period is one year or less or the amount
is immaterial. We exclude from the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority on revenue-producing transactions that are collected by us from a customer.  


         We
require an advance deposit based on the terms and conditions of contracts with customers for many of our contracts. Typically, revenue is recognized within one year of receiving an
advance deposit. We do not have any material payment terms that extend beyond one year. For contracts where an advance payment is received greater than one year from expected revenue recognition, or a
portion of the payment due extends beyond one year, we determined it does not constitute a significant financing component. There is minimal variable consideration included in the transaction price of
our contracts.  


         Other
revenues are primarily comprised of development arrangements recognized on a cost-plus-fixed-fee basis and licensing arrangements recognized either when the licenses are provided
or ratably over the contract term depending on the nature of the arrangement.  

 


 


Contract Assets and Liabilities   

         Contract assets represent unbilled receivables when revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer, and the right to payment is
not just subject to the passage of time. Contract assets typically result from system revenue recorded where a portion of the transaction price is not billable until a future event, such as customer
acceptance, or from contracts recognized on a cost-to-cost or cost-plus-fixed-fee basis as revenue exceeds the amount billed to the customer. Amounts may not exceed their net realizable value.
Contract assets are generally classified as current.  

 60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Contract
liabilities consist of customer advances, deferred revenue and billings in excess of revenue from contracts recognized on a cost-to-cost or cost-plus-fixed-fee basis. Contract
liabilities are classified as current or long-term based on the timing of when we expect to recognize revenue. Contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract
basis at the end of each reporting period.  

 

 


 


2017 & 2016 Policy under ASC 605:   

 

         We recognize revenue from system sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, title and risk of
loss has been transferred to the customer, and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Title and risk of loss generally transfers upon shipment, or for certain systems, based
upon customer acceptance for a system that has been delivered to the customer and installed at a customer facility. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, we are required to
assess when we can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon successful factory acceptance testing or customer acceptance and evidence of installation.  

         When
products are sold through an independent distributor or a strategic distribution partner who assumes responsibility for installation, we recognize the system sale when the product
has been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred to the distributor. Our distributors do not have price protection rights or rights of return; however, our products are typically
warranted to be free from defect for a period of one year. Revenue is deferred until cash is received when collectability is not reasonably assured or when the price is not fixed or determinable.  

         For
transactions that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration is allocated to each element using the fair value hierarchy as required by ASU No. 2009-13. We limit the
amount of revenue recognized for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, future performance obligations, or subject to customer-specific
return or refund privileges.  

         We
determine the fair value of products and services based upon vendor specific objective evidence ("VSOE"). We determine VSOE based on normal selling pricing and discounting practices
for the specific product or service when sold on a stand-alone basis. In determining VSOE, our policy requires
a substantial majority of selling prices for a product or service to be within a reasonably narrow range. We also consider the class of customer, method of distribution and the geographies into which
products and services are being sold when determining VSOE.  

         If
VSOE cannot be established, we attempt to establish the selling price based on third-party evidence ("TPE"). VSOE cannot be established in instances where a product or service has not
been sold separately, stand-alone sales are too infrequent or product pricing is not within a sufficiently narrow range. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar deliverables when sold
separately.  

         When
we cannot determine VSOE or TPE, we use estimated selling price ("ESP") in our allocation of arrangement consideration. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at which we
would typically transact a stand-alone sale of the product or service. ESP is determined by considering a number of factors including our pricing policies, internal costs and gross profit objectives,
method of distribution, market research and information, recent technological trends, competitive landscape and geographies. We analyze the selling prices used in our allocation of arrangement
consideration, at a minimum, on an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed more frequently if a significant change in our business occurs or other factors necessitate more frequent analysis, or
if we experience significant variances in our selling prices.  

 61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Revenue
from accessories and consumable parts is generally recognized upon shipping terms. Service revenue is recognized as the services are performed or ratably over the contractual
obligation and includes maintenance contracts, extended warranty, training, application support and on-demand services.  

         We
also have contracts for which we apply the percentage-of-completion model and completed contract model of revenue recognition. Application of the percentage-of-completion method
requires us to make reasonable estimates of the extent of progress toward completion of the contract and the total costs we will incur under the contract and losses are recorded immediately when we
estimate that contracts will ultimately result in a loss. Changes in the estimates could affect the timing of revenue recognition.  


         Other
revenues are primarily comprised of development arrangements recognized on a cost-plus-fixed-fee basis and licensing arrangements recognized ratably over the term of the related
contracts.  

          Income taxes.     The determination of income tax expense requires us to make certain estimates and judgments concerning the annual
effective tax rate,
the calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the forecasted profitability of our subsidiaries in certain geographic jurisdictions, as well as the deductions, carryforwards and credits that
are available to reduce taxable income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from differences in the timing of the recognition of revenue and expenses for financial statement and tax purposes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates in effect for the year in which these temporary differences are expected to be settled. We estimate the degree to which tax assets
and loss carryforwards will result in a benefit based on expected profitability by tax jurisdiction, and we provide a valuation allowance for tax assets and loss carryforwards that we believe will
more likely than not go unused. If it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset or loss carryforward will be used for which a valuation allowance has been provided, we reverse the related
valuation allowance. If our actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction differs from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of a valuation allowance may be necessary. In addition, we only
recognize benefits for tax positions that we believe are more likely than not of being sustained upon review by a taxing authority with knowledge of all relevant information. We reevaluate our
uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis and any changes to these positions as a result of tax audits, tax laws or other facts and circumstances could result in additional charges or credits to
operations. The expiration of statutes of limitations affecting estimates made for uncertain tax positions can cause higher earnings.  

         On
December 22, 2017, the President of the United States signed tax reform legislation (2017 Tax Act), which enacted a wide range of changes to the U.S. corporate income tax
system, many of which differ significantly from the provisions of the previous U.S. tax law. We have completed the assessment of the tax effects associated with the enactment of the 2017 Tax Act.
Changes in the tax rates and laws are accounted for in the period of enactment.  


         Inventories.     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with costs determined by the first-in, first-out
method for a
majority of subsidiaries and by average cost for certain other subsidiaries. We record provisions to account for excess and obsolete inventory to reflect the expected non-saleable or non-refundable
inventory based on an evaluation of slow moving products or products no longer offered for sale. Inventories also include demonstration units located in our demonstration laboratories or installed at
the sites of potential customers. We consider our demonstration units to be available for sale and have a history of selling these demonstration units. We reduce the carrying value of demonstration
inventories for differences between cost and estimated net realizable value, taking into consideration usage in the preceding twelve months, expected demand, technological obsolescence and other
information including the physical condition of the unit. If  

 62 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 ultimate
usage or demand varies significantly from expected usage or demand, additional write-downs may be required, resulting in additional charges to operations.  


         Goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets.     We evaluate goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for
impairment
annually and when events occur or circumstances change. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the operating segment or one level below an operating segment. Under
U.S. GAAP, we have the option of performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary before performing a two-step quantitative assessment. The
qualitative assessment requires significant judgments about macro-economic conditions including the entity's operating environment; its industry and other market considerations; entity-specific events
related to financial performance or loss of key personnel; and other events that could impact the reporting unit. If, as a result of our qualitative assessment, it is more-likely-than-not that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. Otherwise, no further testing is required. If a quantitative impairment test is
performed, the first step involves comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. We generally determine the fair value of our
reporting units using a weighting of both the market approach and the income approach methodologies. The income approach valuation methodology includes discounted cash flow estimates. Estimating the
fair value of the reporting units requires significant judgment about the future cash flows. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, we perform the
second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment. In the second step of the goodwill impairment test, we compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit's
goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill. At December 31, 2018, we performed our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment evaluation using a quantitative impairment
test and concluded the fair values of each of our reporting units were significantly greater than their carrying amounts, and therefore, no additional impairment was required.  

         We
also review definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets when indications of potential impairment exist. Should the fair value of our long-lived assets decline because
of reduced operating performance, market declines or other indicators of an impairment, a charge to operations for impairment may be necessary.  

          Business Combinations.     We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, at the date of
each acquisition,
we measure the fair value of all identifiable assets acquired (including intangible assets), liabilities assumed and any remaining noncontrolling interests and allocates the amounts paid to all items
measured. The fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired are based on valuations that use information and assumptions determined by management and which consider management's best estimates
of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use.  

 


 


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

         In March 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-07,    Compensation-Retirement Benefits (Topic
715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost . This
standard intends to improve the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost. The standard requires the service cost component of net periodic cost be
reported in the same line item(s) as other employee compensation costs and all other components of the net periodic cost be reported in the condensed consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income below operating income. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2018 on a retrospective basis. We reclassified the non-service pension cost previously reported in operations
of $4.8 million and $4.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These amounts were previously reported in cost of sales,  

 63 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 selling,
general, and administrative, and research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

         In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04,  Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment.  The new standard simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating the second step of the goodwill impairment test. This ASU will be applied
prospectively and is effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on our
financial position, results of operations or statements of cash flows upon adoption.  

         In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business.  This
new standard clarifies the definition of a business and provides a screen to determine when an integrated set of assets and activities is not a business. The screen requires that when substantially
all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the set is not a business. This standard
was adopted as of the effective date of January 1, 2018. We have evaluated the provisions of this standard and have determined that the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2017-01 was not
material to our consolidated financial statements.  

         In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740)—Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other than
Inventory . The new standard requires recognition of current and deferred income taxes resulting from an intra-entity transfer of any asset (excluding inventory) when the
transfer occurs. This is a change from existing U.S. GAAP which prohibits recognition of current and deferred income taxes until the asset is sold to a third party. This standard was adopted as
of the effective date of January 1, 2018. We have evaluated the provisions of this standard and have determined that the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-16 was not material to our
consolidated financial statements.  

         In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  which provides guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation and
disclosure of leases. The new standard supersedes present U.S. GAAP guidance on leases and requires all leases with terms longer than 12 months to be reported on the balance sheet as
right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities, as well as, provide additional disclosures. The lease liability represents the lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease and
will be measured as the present value of the lease payments. The right-of-use asset represents the lessee's right to use a specified asset for the lease term, and will be measured at the lease
liability amount, adjusted for lease prepayment, lease incentives received and the lessee's initial direct costs.  

         The
new standard is effective as of January 1, 2019 Under ASU No. 2016-02, companies are required to transition to the new standard in the period of adoption at the
beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements (January 1, 2017 for us). In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11 as an update to ASU No. 2016-02,
which in part provided companies the option of transitioning to the new standard as of the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the
period of adoption. We adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2019 using the alternative transition method under ASU No. 2018-11 and will recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to
the opening balance sheet. We elected the available package of practical expedients for leases that commenced prior to the effective date that allows us to not reassess: 1) whether any expired
or existing contracts are or contain leases; 2) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and 3) the accounting treatment of initial direct costs for any expired or
existing leases. We also elected the practical expedient that allows lessees to treat lease and non-lease components of leases as a single lease component.  

         We
are in the process of finalizing the implementation of a leasing software that will provide the required accounting disclosures and are continuing to finalize our calculations based
on the new standard. Accordingly, we have not completed our evaluation of all aspects of the new standard.  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
expect that the new standard will have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheet due to the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for substantially all
leases currently accounted
for as operating leases. As we complete our evaluation of this new standard, new information may arise that could change our current understanding of the impact to our consolidated financial
statements.  

         We
are also working to establish new processes and internal controls that may be required to comply with the new standard, but we do not expect it will have a material impact on our
operations.   

   
       ITEM 7A     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          


         We are potentially exposed to market risks associated with changes in foreign currency translation rates, interest rates and commodity prices.
We selectively use financial instruments to reduce these risks. All transactions related to risk management techniques are authorized and executed pursuant to our policies and procedures. Analytical
techniques used to manage and monitor foreign currency translation and interest rate risk include market valuations and sensitivity analysis.  

         We
have estimated our market risk exposure using sensitivity analysis. To test the sensitivity of our market risk exposure, we have estimated the changes in fair value of market risk
sensitive instruments assuming a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in market prices or rates. The results of the sensitivity analyses are summarized below.  

 


 


Impact of Foreign Currencies   

         We generate a substantial portion of our revenues in international markets, principally Germany and other countries in the European Union,
Switzerland and Japan, which exposes our operations to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. The impact of currency exchange rate movement can be positive or negative in any period. Our costs
related to sales in foreign currencies are largely denominated in the same respective currencies, limiting our transaction risk exposure. However, for foreign currency denominated sales in certain
regions, such as Japan, where we do not incur significant costs denominated in Japanese Yen, we are more exposed to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. For sales not denominated in U.S.
Dollars, if there is an increase in the rate at which a foreign currency is exchanged for U.S. Dollars, it will require more of the foreign currency to equal a specified amount of U.S. Dollars than
before the rate increase. In such cases, if we price our products in the foreign currency, we will receive less in U.S. Dollars than we would have received before the rate increase went into effect.
If we price our products in U.S. Dollars and competitors price their products in local currency, an increase in the relative strength of the U.S. Dollar could result in our
prices not being competitive in a market where business is transacted in the local currency. In the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 our revenue by geography was as follows (dollars in
millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Revenue  
   
 Revenue  
   
 Percentage of 
Revenue  
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 

 
$ 
 489.4 
   
   
 25.8 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 434.7 
   
   
 24.6 
 % 
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 701.3 
   
   
 37.0 
 % 
   
 665.2 
   
   
 37.6 
 % 
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 549.2 
   
   
 29.0 
 % 
   
 514.8 
   
   
 29.2 
 % 
 
 
   Rest of world 
   
   
 155.7 
   
   
 8.2 
 % 
   
 151.2 
   
   
 8.6 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,895.6 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,765.9 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Changes
in foreign currency exchange rates increased our revenue by approximately 1.4% in the year ended December 31, 2018 and increased our revenue by approximately 1.2% in the
year ended December 31, 2017.  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         Assets
and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries, where the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into U.S. Dollars using year-end exchange rates, or historical
rates, as appropriate. Revenues and expenses of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the year. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations
are included as a separate component of shareholders' equity. In the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded net losses from currency translation adjustments of $25.5 million. In the
year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded net gains from currency translation of $97.1 million. A 10% depreciation in functional currencies, relative to the U.S. Dollar, at
December 31, 2018, would have resulted in a reduction of shareholders' equity of approximately $173.9 million.  


         Gains
and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are reported in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
Our foreign currency translation gains (losses), net were ($3.0) million and ($5.5) million for years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

         The
impact of currency exchange rate movement can be positive or negative in any period. We periodically enter into foreign currency contracts in order to minimize the volatility that
fluctuations in currency translation have on our monetary transactions. Under these arrangements, we typically agree to purchase a fixed amount of a foreign currency in exchange for a fixed amount of
U.S. Dollars or other currencies on specified dates with maturities of less than twelve months, with some agreements extending to longer periods. These transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting
and, accordingly, the instrument is recorded at fair value with the corresponding gains and losses recorded in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

         At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had foreign currency contracts with notional amounts aggregating $102.4 million and $84.2 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2018, we had the following notional amounts outstanding under foreign currency contracts (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Buy

 

  
   
 Notional 
Amount in Buy 
Currency  
   
 Sell  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Notional 
Amount in U.S. 
Dollars  
   
 Fair Value of 
Assets  
   
 Fair Value of 
Liabilities  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2018: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 25.4 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 31.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.1 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 
8.5 
   
   Euro 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
8.6 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
0.1 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 
11.1 
   
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
11.3 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 
2.1 
   
   Swiss Francs 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
2.1 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 
10.4 
   
   Japanese Yen 
   
   April 2019 
   
   
 
10.8 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
0.2 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 
1.5 
   
   Canadian Dollars 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
1.5 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Singapore Dollar 
   
   
 
4.3 
   
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
3.1 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Chinese Renminbi 
   
   
 
41.1 
   
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
5.9 
   
   
 
0.1 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Great Britain Pound 
   
   
 
15.4 
   
   Euro 
   
   January 2019 
   
   
 
20.0 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
0.4 
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 
6.9 
   
   Great Britain Pound 
   
   May 2019 to 
October 2020 
   
   
 
8.0 
   
   
 
0.1 
   
   
 
—  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 102.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Based
on the contractual maturities of these contracts and exchange rates as of December 31, 2018, we anticipate that these contracts will result in net cash outflows of
$2.6 million in 2019. At December 31, 2018, assuming all other variables are constant, if the U.S. Dollar weakened by 10%, the market value of our foreign currency contracts would have
increased by approximately $3.7 million and  

 66 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 if
the U.S. Dollar strengthened by 10%, the market value of our foreign currency contracts would have decreased by approximately $3.7 million.  

         We
will continue to evaluate our currency risks and in the future may utilize foreign currency contracts more frequently as part of a transactional hedging program.  

 



 


Impact of Interest Rates   

         We regularly invest excess cash in short-term investments that are subject to changes in interest rates. We believe that the market risk arising
from holding these financial instruments is minimal because of our policy of investing in short-term financial instruments issued by highly rated financial institutions.  

         Our
exposure related to adverse movements in interest rates is derived primarily from outstanding floating rate debt instruments that are indexed to short-term market rates. We currently
have a higher level of fixed rate debt than variable rate debt, which limits the exposure to adverse movements in interest rates.  

 


 


Impact of Commodity Prices   

         We are exposed to certain commodity risks associated with prices for various raw materials. The prices of copper and certain other raw
materials, particularly niobium-tin, used to manufacture superconductors have increased significantly over the last decade. Copper and niobium-tin are the main components of low temperature
superconductors and continued commodity price increases for copper and niobium, as well as other raw materials, may negatively affect our profitability. Periodically, we enter into commodity forward
purchase contracts to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in the price of copper have on our sales of these products. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, we had fixed price commodity contracts
with notional amounts aggregating $6.8 million and $3.0 million, respectively. The fair value of the fixed price commodity contracts at December 31, 2018 and 2017 was ($0.5)
million and $0.8 million, respectively. We will continue to evaluate our commodity risks and may utilize commodity forward purchase contracts more frequently in the future.  

 



 


Inflation   

         We do not believe inflation had a material impact on our business or operating results during any of the periods presented.  

 67 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

       ITEM 8     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

       Index of Consolidated Financial Statements          

 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Page  
 
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms   
   
 69 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 
   
 
71 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016 
   
 
72 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016 
   
 
73 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
 
74 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 
75 
 
 
 
 
  
  68 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   


 To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bruker Corporation  

 


 


Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bruker Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2018
and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018,
including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018,
based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO).  

         In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in    Internal
Control—Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO.  

 


 


Change in Accounting Principles   

         As discussed in Notes 2 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for
the measurement of inventory and the manner in which it accounts for the income tax effects of share-based payment transactions in 2017.  

 


 


Basis for Opinions   

         The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item
9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control
over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects.  

         Our
audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and  

 69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  


         As
described in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Anasys Instruments Corp. ("Anasys"), JPK Instruments AG ("JPK"), Mestrelab
Research, S.L. ("Mestrelab"), Hain Life Science GmbH ("Hain") and Agapetus GmbH ("Alicona") from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 because they were
acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2018. We have also excluded Anasys, JPK, Mestrelab, Hain and Alicona from our audit of internal control over financial reporting.
Anasys, JPK, Mestrelab, Hain and Alicona are wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management's assessment and our audit of internal control over
financial reporting collectively represent 2.7% and 1.2%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018.  

 


 


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  


         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

 /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Boston, Massachusetts 
March 1, 2019  


 We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2016.  

 70 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
 BRUKER CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (In millions, except share and per share data)   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 322.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 325.0 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 114.2 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 357.2 
   
   
 319.3 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 509.6 
   
   
 486.2 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 115.1 
   
   
 114.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 1,304.3 
   
   
 1,358.8 
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
   
   
 
270.6 
   
   
 
266.5 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 275.7 
   
   
 169.8 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets, net 
   
   
 218.7 
   
   
 82.4 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
 50.9 
   
   
 57.0 
   
 
 
   Other long-term assets 
   
   
 8.4 
   
   
 14.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,128.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,948.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 18.5 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 104.5 
   
   
 90.8 
   
 
 
   Customer advances 
   
   
 124.4 
   
   
 111.7 
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 351.9 
   
   
 322.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 599.3 
   
   
 524.5 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
   
 322.6 
   
   
 415.6 
   
 
 
   Long-term deferred revenue 
   
   
 38.3 
   
   
 48.7 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 51.1 
   
   
 24.3 
   
 
 
   Accrued pension 
   
   
 90.5 
   
   
 105.6 
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 99.1 
   
   
 96.3 
   
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 
22.6 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value 260,000,000 shares authorized, 172,634,220 and 171,875,076 shares issued and 156,609,340 and 155,865,977 outstanding at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 1.7 
   
 
 
   Treasury stock at cost, 16,024,880 and 16,009,099 shares at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively 
   
   
 (401.5 
 ) 
   
 (401.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 176.9 
   
   
 155.9 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 1,102.5 
   
   
 942.0 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 17.0 
   
   
 27.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total shareholders' equity attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 896.6 
   
   
 725.4 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 8.5 
   
   
 8.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 905.1 
   
   
 733.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and shareholders' equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,128.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,948.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 71 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
 BRUKER CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

  (In millions, except per share data)   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,576.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,479.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,345.4 
   
 
 
   Service revenue 
   
   
 311.7 
   
   
 278.2 
   
   
 254.7 
   
 
 
   Other revenue 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 11.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,895.6 
   
   
 1,765.9 
   
   
 1,611.3 
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenue 
   
   
 
801.1 
   
   
 
787.7 
   
   
 
711.4 
   
 
 
   Cost of service revenue 
   
   
 193.4 
   
   
 160.8 
   
   
 150.0 
   
 
 
   Cost of other revenue 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 4.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost of revenue 
   
   
 995.6 
   
   
 949.9 
   
   
 866.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 900.0 
   
   
 816.0 
   
   
 745.3 
   
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 444.7 
   
   
 415.2 
   
   
 389.8 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 173.4 
   
   
 161.6 
   
   
 147.9 
   
 
 
   Other charges, net 
   
   
 19.5 
   
   
 19.7 
   
   
 25.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 637.6 
   
   
 596.5 
   
   
 563.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating income 
   
   
 262.4 
   
   
 219.5 
   
   
 181.8 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
   
 
(17.7 
 ) 
   
 
(21.7 
 ) 
   
 
(4.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 244.7 
   
   
 197.8 
   
   
 177.6 
   
 
 
   Income tax provision 
   
   
 63.7 
   
   
 117.5 
   
   
 23.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 181.0 
   
   
 80.3 
   
   
 154.5 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 0.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 179.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 153.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to 
Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.14 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95 
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 156.2 
   
   
 158.1 
   
   
 161.4 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 157.2 
   
   
 159.1 
   
   
 162.2 
   
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 
181.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 
80.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 
154.5 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 (25.5 
 ) 
   
 97.1 
   
   
 (27.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Pension liability adjustments (net of tax of $3.8 million, $2.9 million and $2.1 million, respectively) 
   
   
 15.3 
   
   
 6.5 
   
   
 (4.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net comprehensive income 
   
   
 170.8 
   
   
 183.9 
   
   
 122.5 
   
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 2.4 
   
   
 0.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
 
 
$ 
 169.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 181.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 121.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Dividend declared per common share 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.16 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 72 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   


 

 BRUKER CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
(In millions, except share data)   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Common 
Shares  
   
 Common 
Stock 
Amount  
   
 Treasury 
Shares  
   
 Treasury 
Stock 
Amount  
   
 Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital  
   
 Retained 
Earnings  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
(Loss)  
   
 Total 
Shareholders' 
Equity 
Attributable 
to Bruker 
Corporation  
   
 Noncontrolling 
Interests in 
Consolidated 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Total 
Shareholders' 
Equity  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 165,354,180 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 4,290,527 
   
 
 
$ 
 (90.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 102.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 757.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 (44.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 726.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 732.9 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares issued 
   
   
 
13,105 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares terminated 
   
   
 (1,375 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 1,375 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 895,078 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12.0 
   
 
 
   Stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9.4 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit related to exercise of stock awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.3 
   
 
 
   Shares issued for acquisition 
   
   
 90,066 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (90,066 
 ) 
   
 2.1 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.0 
   
 
 
   Shares repurchased 
   
   
 (6,475,480 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 6,475,480 
   
   
 (160.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (160.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (160.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
   
   
 (20,879 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 20,879 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash dividends paid to common stockholders 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.8 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.8 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 153.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 153.6 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 154.5 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (31.7 
 ) 
   
 (31.7 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (32.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 159,854,695 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 10,698,195 
   
 
 
$ 
 (249.3 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 124.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 885.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (75.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 686.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 693.1 
   
 
 
   Restricted shares terminated 
   
   
 (4,053 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 4,053 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 1,263,767 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20.4 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock units vested 
   
   
 58,419 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11.0 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit related to exercise of stock awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3.6 
   
 
 
   Shares issued for acquisition 
   
   
 18,110 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (18,110 
 ) 
   
 0.5 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   Shares repurchased 
   
   
 (5,318,063 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 5,318,063 
   
   
 (152.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (152.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (152.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
   
   
 (6,898 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 6,898 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash dividends paid to common stockholders 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 78.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 78.6 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 80.3 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 102.9 
   
   
 102.9 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 103.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 155,865,977 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 16,009,099 
   
 
 
$ 
 (401.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 155.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 942.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 27.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 725.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 733.5 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Restricted shares terminated 
   
   
 (6,553 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 6,553 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 575,372 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.3 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock units vested 
   
   
 183,772 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11.3 
   
 
 
   Shares returned from 2017 acquisition 
   
   
 (2,123 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 2,123 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
   
   
 (7,105 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 7,105 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash dividends paid to common stockholders 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Adoption impact from new revenue standard 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 6.1 
   
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 179.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 179.7 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 181.0 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (10.0 
 ) 
   
 (10.0 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 (10.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
   
 156,609,340 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
   
 16,024,880 
   
 
 
$ 
 (401.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 176.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,102.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 896.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 905.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 73 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
 BRUKER CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (In millions)   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 181.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 80.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 154.5 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 64.9 
   
   
 63.9 
   
   
 54.3 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 11.0 
   
   
 9.4 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 (15.1 
 ) 
   
 28.2 
   
   
 (22.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Impairment and other non-cash expenses, net 
   
   
 39.8 
   
   
 11.6 
   
   
 24.1 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 (30.5 
 ) 
   
 (55.5 
 ) 
   
 (8.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (35.5 
 ) 
   
 (6.6 
 ) 
   
 (43.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 5.0 
   
   
 33.7 
   
   
 (19.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
 5.2 
   
   
 (26.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 7.1 
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
   Customer advances 
   
   
 3.5 
   
   
 (27.8 
 ) 
   
 (7.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Other changes in operating assets and liabilities 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 6.4 
   
   
 11.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 239.7 
   
   
 154.4 
   
   
 130.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchase of short-term investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (118.5 
 ) 
   
 (126.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Maturity of short-term investments 
   
   
 117.0 
   
   
 186.8 
   
   
 165.0 
   
 
 
   Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 (191.6 
 ) 
   
 (66.3 
 ) 
   
 (24.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 (49.2 
 ) 
   
 (43.7 
 ) 
   
 (37.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
 1.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (123.4 
 ) 
   
 (30.2 
 ) 
   
 (21.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Repayments of revolving lines of credit 
   
   
 (218.1 
 ) 
   
 (130.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from revolving lines of credit 
   
   
 129.4 
   
   
 154.0 
   
   
 146.0 
   
 
 
   Repayment of Note Purchase Agreement 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (20.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Repayment of other debt, net 
   
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 20.0 
   
   
 11.5 
   
 
 
   Payment of contingent consideration 
   
   
 (2.3 
 ) 
   
 (3.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Payment of dividends to common stockholders 
   
   
 (25.1 
 ) 
   
 (25.4 
 ) 
   
 (25.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (152.2 
 ) 
   
 (160.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash payments to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Excess tax benefits related to stock option awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
   
 (112.4 
 ) 
   
 (159.0 
 ) 
   
 (27.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
   
   
 (6.5 
 ) 
   
 17.8 
   
   
 (6.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
   
   
 (2.6 
 ) 
   
 (17.0 
 ) 
   
 74.7 
   
 
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
   
   
 328.9 
   
   
 345.9 
   
   
 271.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 326.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 328.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 345.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental cash flow information: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for interest 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Cash paid for taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 60.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 53.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 72.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 74 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   BRUKER CORPORATION              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          

 


 


Note 1—Description of Business   

         Bruker Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries ("Bruker" or the "Company"), develops, manufactures and distributes
high-performance scientific instruments and analytical and diagnostic solutions that enable its customers to explore life and materials at microscopic, molecular and cellular levels. Many of the
Company's products are used to detect, measure and visualize structural characteristics of chemical, biological and industrial material samples. The Company's products address the rapidly evolving
needs of a diverse array of customers in life science research, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, applied markets, cell biology, clinical research, microbiology, in-vitro diagnostics, nanotechnology and
materials science research.  

         The
Company has two reportable segments,  Bruker Scientific Instruments (BSI) , which represented approximately 90% of the Company's
revenues in each of the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and  Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) , which represented the remainder of the
Company's revenues. Within BSI, the Company is organized into three operating segments: the Bruker BioSpin Group, the Bruker CALID Group and the Bruker Nano Group. For financial reporting purposes,
the Bruker BioSpin, Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano operating segments are aggregated into the BSI reportable segment because each has similar economic characteristics, production processes, service
offerings, types and classes of customers, methods of distribution and regulatory environments.  

 

          Bruker BioSpin —
The Bruker BioSpin Group designs, manufactures and distributes enabling life science tools based on magnetic resonance technology. The majority of the Bruker BioSpin Group's revenues
are generated by academic and government research customers. Other customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and nonprofit laboratories, as well as chemical, food and beverage,
clinical and other industrial companies.  

          Bruker CALID ( C hemicals,  A pplied Markets,  L ife Science,
 I n-Vitro Diagnostics,  D etection) —
The Bruker CALID Group designs, manufactures and distributes life science mass spectrometry and ion mobility spectrometry solutions, analytical and process analysis instruments and
solutions based on infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies and radiological/nuclear detectors for Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosive (CBRNE) detection. Customers
of the Bruker CALID Group include: academic institutions and medical schools; pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics companies; contract research organizations; nonprofit and for-profit
forensics laboratories; agriculture, food and beverage safety laboratories; environmental and clinical microbiology laboratories; hospitals and government departments and agencies.  

          Bruker Nano —
The Bruker Nano Group designs, manufactures and distributes advanced X-ray instruments; atomic force microscopy instrumentation; advanced fluorescence optical microscopy instruments;
analytical tools for electron microscopes and X-ray metrology; defect-detection equipment for semiconductor process control; handheld, portable and mobile X-ray fluorescence spectrometry instruments;
and spark optical emission spectroscopy systems. Customers of the Bruker Nano Group include academic institutions, governmental customers, nanotechnology companies, semiconductor companies, raw
material manufacturers, industrial companies, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and other businesses involved in materials analysis.  

 

         The
Company's BEST reportable segment develops and manufactures superconducting and non-superconducting materials and devices for use in renewable energy, energy infrastructure,
healthcare and "big science" research. The segment focuses on metallic low temperature superconductors for use in magnetic resonance imaging, nuclear magnetic resonance, fusion energy  

 75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 research
and other applications, as well as ceramic high temperature superconductors primarily for energy grid and magnet applications.  

 


 


Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

 



 


Principles of Consolidation   

         The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all majority and wholly-owned subsidiaries. All
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  

 


 


Noncontrolling Interests   

         Noncontrolling interests represents the minority shareholders' proportionate share of the Company's majority-owned subsidiaries. The portion of
net income or net loss attributable to non-controlling interests is presented as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries in the consolidated statements of
income and comprehensive income, and the portion of other comprehensive income of these subsidiaries is presented in the consolidated statements of shareholders' equity.  

 


 


Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests   

         The Company has an agreement with noncontrolling interest holders that provides the Company with the right to purchase, and the noncontrolling
interest holders with the right to sell, their remaining minority interest at a contractually defined redemption value. These rights are accelerated in certain events. As the redemption is
contingently redeemable at the option of the noncontrolling interest shareholders, the Company classifies the carrying amount of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in the mezzanine section on the
consolidated balance sheet, which is presented above the equity section and below liabilities. Subsequent to the acquisition, the redeemable noncontrolling interest is measured at the greater of the
amount that would be paid if settlement occurred as of the balance sheet date based on the contractually defined redemption value and its carrying amount adjusted for net income (loss) attributable to
the noncontrolling interest. Adjustments to the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest are recorded through retained earnings.  

 


 


Business Combinations   

         The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, at the date of each acquisition, the
Company measures the fair value of all identifiable assets acquired (including intangible assets), liabilities assumed and any remaining noncontrolling interests and allocates the amounts paid to all
items measured. The fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired are based on valuations that use information and assumptions determined by management and which consider management's best
estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use.  

 


 


Subsequent Events   

         The Company has evaluated all subsequent events and determined that there are no material recognized or unrecognized subsequent events, or any
subsequent events required to be mentioned in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements.  

 


 


Cash and Cash Equivalents   

         Cash and cash equivalents primarily include cash on hand, money market funds and time deposits with original maturities of three months or less
at the date of acquisition. Time deposits represent  

 76 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 amounts
on deposit in banks and temporarily invested in instruments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Certain of these investments represent deposits which are not
insured by the FDIC or any other government agency. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.  

 


 


Short-term Investments   

         Short-term investments represent time and call deposits with original maturities of greater than three months at the date of acquisition.
Short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value. There were no unrealized gains (losses) recorded as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, as cost approximates
current fair value. There were no short-term investments held by the Company as of December 31, 2018.  

 


 


Restricted Cash   

         Restricted cash is included as a component of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows.
The Company has certain subsidiaries that are required by local laws and regulations to maintain restricted cash balances to cover future employee benefit payments. Restricted cash balances are
classified as non-current unless, under the terms of the applicable agreements, the funds will be released from restrictions within one year from the balance sheet date. The current and non-current
portion of restricted cash is recorded within other current assets and other long-term assets, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  

         The
inclusion of restricted cash increased the balances of the consolidated statement of cash flows as follows (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Beginning Balance 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.1 
   
 
 
   Ending Balance 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.5 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   

         All derivatives, whether designated in a hedging relationship or not, are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The
accounting for changes in fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging
relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, the Company must designate the hedging instrument, based on the exposure being hedged, as a fair
value hedge, cash flow hedge, foreign currency hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.  

 


 


Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

         The Company applies the following hierarchy to determine the fair value of financial instruments, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure
fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. The levels in the
hierarchy are defined as follows:  

 
 
 •  Level 1:   Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted)
for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.     
 •  Level 2:   Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.  
 
 77 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  Level 3:   Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and
significant to the fair value measurement.  
 

         The
valuation techniques that may be used by the Company to determine the fair value of Level 2 and Level 3 financial instruments are the market approach, the income approach and the
cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach uses
valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value based on current market expectations about those future amounts, including present value techniques, option-pricing models and
the excess earnings method. The cost approach is based on the amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost).  


         The
Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash, derivative instruments consisting of forward foreign exchange
contracts, commodity contracts, derivatives embedded in certain purchase and sale contracts, derivatives embedded within noncontrolling interests, accounts receivable, accounts payable, contingent
consideration and long-term debt. The carrying amounts of the Company's cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash, accounts receivable, borrowings under a revolving credit agreement
and accounts payable approximate fair value because of their short-term nature. Derivative assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company's long-term debt consists
principally of a private placement arrangement entered into in 2012 with various fixed interest rates based on the maturity date and borrowings under a revolving credit agreement.  

         The
Company has evaluated the estimated fair value of financial instruments using available market information and management's estimates. The use of different market assumptions and/or
estimation methodologies could have a significant effect on the estimated fair value amounts.  

 


 


Concentration of Credit Risk   

         Financial instruments that subject the Company to credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, derivative instruments,
accounts receivables and restricted cash. The risk with respect to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is minimized by the Company's policy of investing in short-term financial
instruments issued by highly-rated financial institutions. The risk with respect to derivative instruments is minimized by the Company's policy of entering into arrangements with highly-rated
financial institutions. The risk with respect to accounts receivables is minimized by the creditworthiness and diversity of the Company's customers. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of
its customers' financial condition and generally requires an advanced deposit for a portion of the purchase price. Credit losses have been within management's expectations and the allowance for
doubtful accounts totaled $3.8 million and $4.7 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, no single customer represented 10% or more of the Company's
accounts receivable. For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, no single customer represented 10% or more of the Company's total revenue.  

 


 


Inventories   

         Components of inventory include raw materials, work-in-process, demonstration units and finished goods. Demonstration units include systems
which are located in the Company's demonstration laboratories or installed at the sites of potential customers and are considered available for sale. Finished goods include in-transit systems that
have been shipped to the Company's customers, but not yet installed and accepted by the customer. All inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined
principally by the first-in, first-out method for a majority of subsidiaries and by average-cost for certain other subsidiaries. The Company reduces the carrying value of its inventories for
differences between cost and estimated net realizable value, taking into  

 78 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 consideration
usage in the preceding twelve months, expected demand, technological obsolescence and other information including the physical condition of demonstration inventories. The Company records
a charge to cost of product revenue for the amount required to reduce the carrying value of inventory to net realizable value. Costs associated with the procurement of inventories, such as inbound
freight charges and purchasing and receiving costs, are capitalized as part of inventory and are also included in the cost of product revenue line item within the consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income.  

         In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . This guidance eliminates the measurement of
inventory at market value, and inventory is now measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The ASU defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of
business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The Company adopted ASU No. 2015-11 on a prospective basis in the first quarter of 2017.  

 


 


Property, Plant and Equipment   

         Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Major improvements that extend the useful lives
of such assets are capitalized while expenditures for maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the assets and
related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
Depreciation and amortization are calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 Buildings 
   
 25-40 years 
 
 
   
 Machinery and equipment 
   
 3-10 years 
 
 
   
 Computer equipment and software 
   
 3-5 years 
 
 
   
 Furniture and fixtures 
   
 3-10 years 
 
 
   
 Leasehold improvements 
   
 Lesser of 15 years or the remaining lease term 
 
 
 
  
  


 


Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

         Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, or on an interim basis
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. In assessing the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company must
make assumptions regarding the estimated future cash flows, and other factors, to determine the fair value of these assets. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, the
Company may be required to record impairment charges against these assets in the reporting period in which the impairment is determined.  

         The
Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The Company has the option of performing a
qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary before performing the two-step quantitative assessment. If as a result of the qualitative assessment, it is
more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test will be required. Otherwise, no further testing will be required. If a
quantitative impairment test is performed, the first step involves comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. The Company
generally determines fair value of reporting units using a weighting of both the market and the income methodologies. Estimating the fair value of the reporting units requires significant judgment by
management. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the
impairment. In the second step of the goodwill  

 79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 impairment
test the Company compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill.  

         In
process research and development, or IPR&D, acquired as part of business combinations under the acquisition method represents ongoing development work associated with enhancements to
existing
products, as well as the development of next generation products. IPR&D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment on an annual
basis, or when indicators of impairment are identified. When the IPR&D project is complete, it is reclassified as a finite-lived intangible asset and is amortized over its estimated useful life. If an
IPR&D project is abandoned before completion or is otherwise determined to be impaired, the value of the asset or the amount of the impairment is charged to the consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income in the period the project is abandoned or impaired.  


         Intangible
assets with a finite useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 Existing technology and related patents 
   
 3-15 years 
 
 
   
 Customer and distributor relationships 
   
 5-15 years 
 
 
   
 Trade names 
   
 5-15 years 
 
 
 
  
  


 


Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

         Impairment losses are recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the quoted market price, if
available or the estimated fair value of those assets are less than the assets' carrying value and are not recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future
cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the
assets are written-down to their fair values. Impairment losses are charged to the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the difference between the fair value and carrying
value of the asset.  

 


 


Warranty Costs and Deferred Revenue   

         The Company typically provides a one year parts and labor warranty with the purchase of equipment. The anticipated cost for this warranty is
accrued upon recognition of the sale
and is included as a current liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company's warranty reserve reflects estimated material and labor costs for potential product issues for
which the Company expects to incur an obligation. The Company's estimates of anticipated rates of warranty claims and costs are primarily based on historical information. The Company assesses the
adequacy of the warranty reserve on a quarterly basis and adjusts the amount as necessary. If the historical data used to calculate the adequacy of the warranty reserve is not indicative of future
requirements, additional or reduced warranty reserves may be required.  

         The
Company also offers to its customers extended warranty and service agreements extending beyond the initial warranty for a fee. These fees are recorded as deferred revenue and
recognized ratably into income over the life of the extended warranty contract or service agreement.  

 


 


Income Taxes   

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts and the income tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is applied against any net deferred tax asset if, based on the available evidence, it is more
likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
Company records liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in accordance with the guidance that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company's
financial statements. This guidance prescribes a minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to
be taken in a tax return. The Company includes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and income tax liabilities, when applicable, in income tax expense.  

 


 


Customer Advances   

         The Company typically requires an advance deposit under the terms and conditions of contracts with customers. These deposits are recorded as a
current or long-term liability until revenue is recognized on the specific contract in accordance with the Company's revenue recognition policy.  

 


 


Revenue Recognition   

 

 


 


2018 Policy under ASC 606:   

 

         The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers . The key elements of ASC 606 are: 1) identifying a contract with the customer; 2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determining the
transaction price; 4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognizing revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied.  

         A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance
obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. Some of the Company's contracts have multiple performance obligations, most commonly due to providing
additional goods or services along with a system, such as installation, accessories, parts and services. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the contract's
transaction price to each performance obligation using the best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service being provided to the customer. The Company's best evidence of
standalone selling price is its normal selling pricing and discounting practices for the specific product or service when sold on a standalone basis. Alternatively, when not sold separately, the
Company may determine standalone selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach. The Company analyzes its selling prices used in the allocation of the transaction price, at a minimum, on
an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed more frequently if a significant change in the Company's business or other factors necessitate more frequent analysis or the Company experiences
significant variances in its selling prices.  

         The
Company's performance obligations are typically satisfied at a point in time, most commonly either on shipment or customer acceptance. Certain performance obligations, such as
maintenance contracts and extended warranty, are recognized over time based on the contractual obligation period. In addition, certain arrangements to provide more customized deliverables may be
satisfied over time based on the extent of progress towards completion. For performance obligations recognized over time, revenue is measured by progress toward completion of the performance
obligation that reflects the transfer of control. Typically, progress is measured using a cost-to-cost method based on cost incurred to date relative to total estimated costs upon completion as this
best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Application of the cost-to-cost method requires the Company to make reasonable estimates of the extent of progress toward completion and the total
costs the Company expects to incur. Losses are recorded immediately when the Company estimates that contracts will ultimately result in a loss. Changes in the estimates could affect the timing of
revenue recognition.  

 81 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

         The Company includes costs incurred in connection with shipping and handling of products within selling, general and administrative costs. Amounts billed to
customers in connection with these costs are included in total revenues. When control of the goods transfers prior to the completion of the Company's obligation to ship the products to its customers,
the Company has elected the practical expedient to account for the shipping services as a fulfillment cost. The Company expenses incremental costs of obtaining a contract as and when incurred if the
expected amortization period is one year or less or the amount is immaterial. The Company excludes from the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority on revenue-producing
transactions that are collected by the Company from a customer.  

         The
Company recognizes revenue from systems sales upon transfer of control in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive. Transfer of control generally occurs upon
shipment, or for certain systems, based upon customer acceptance for a system once delivered and installed at a customer facility. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, the
Company is required to assess when it can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon successful factory acceptance testing or customer acceptance and evidence of
installation. For systems that require installation and where system revenue is recognized upon shipment, the standalone selling price of installation is deferred until customer acceptance. Revenue
from accessories and parts is generally recognized based on shipment. Service revenue is recognized as the services are performed or
ratably over the contractual obligation and includes maintenance contracts, extended warranties, training, application support and on-demand services.  

         When
products are sold through an independent distributor or a strategic distribution partner, the Company recognizes the system sale upon transfer of control which is typically on
shipment. When the Company is responsible for installation, the standalone selling price of installation is deferred until customer acceptance. The Company's distributors do not have price protection
rights or rights of return; however, the Company's products are typically warranted to be free from defect for a period of one year.  

         The
Company requires an advance deposit based on the terms and conditions of contracts with customers for many of its contracts. Typically, revenue is recognized within one year of
receiving an advance deposit. The Company does not have any material payment terms that extend beyond one year. For contracts where an advance payment is received greater than one year from expected
revenue recognition, or a portion of the payment due extends beyond one year, the Company determined it does not constitute a significant financing component. There is minimal variable consideration
included in the transaction price of the Company's contracts.  

         Other
revenues are primarily comprised of development arrangements recognized on a cost-plus-fixed-fee basis and licensing arrangements recognized either when the licenses are provided
or ratably over the contract term depending on the nature of the arrangement.  

 



 


Contract Assets and Liabilities   

         Contract assets represent unbilled receivables when revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer, and the right to payment is
not just subject to the passage of time. Contract assets typically result from system revenue recorded where a portion of the transaction price is not billable until a future event, such as customer
acceptance, or from contracts recognized on a cost-to-cost or cost-plus-fixed-fee basis as revenue exceeds the amount billed to the customer. Amounts may not exceed their net realizable value.
Contract assets are generally classified as current.  

         Contract
liabilities consist of customer advances, deferred revenue and billings in excess of revenue from contracts recognized on a cost-to-cost or cost-plus-fixed-fee basis. Contract
liabilities are classified as current or long-term based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize revenue.  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Contract
assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.  

 

 


 


2017 & 2016 Policy under ASC 605:   

 

         The Company recognized revenue from systems sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, title
and risk of loss has been transferred to the customer and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Title and risk of loss generally transfers upon shipment, or for certain
systems, based upon customer acceptance for a system that has been delivered and installed at a customer facility. For systems that include customer-specific acceptance criteria, the Company is
required to assess when it can demonstrate the acceptance criteria has been met, which generally is upon successful factory acceptance testing or customer acceptance and evidence of installation.  

         When
products are sold through an independent distributor or a strategic distribution partner who assumes responsibility for installation, the Company recognizes the system sale when the
product has been shipped and title and risk of loss have been transferred to the distributor. The Company's distributors do not have price protection rights or rights of return; however, the Company's
products are typically warranted to be free from defect for a period of one year. Revenue is deferred until cash is received when collectability is not reasonably assured or when the price is not
fixed or determinable.  

         For
transactions that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration was allocated to each element using the fair value hierarchy as required by ASU No. 2009-13. The Company limits
the amount of revenue recognized for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, future performance obligations, or subject to
customer-specific return or refund privileges.  

         The
Company determines the fair value of its products and services based upon vendor specific objective evidence ("VSOE"). The Company determines VSOE based on its normal selling pricing
and discounting practices for the specific product or service when sold on a stand-alone basis. In determining VSOE, the Company's policy requires a substantial majority of selling prices for a
product or service to be within a reasonably narrow range. The Company also considers the class of customer, method of distribution and the geographies into which products and services are being sold
when determining VSOE.  

         If
VSOE cannot be established, the Company attempts to establish the selling price based on third-party evidence ("TPE"). VSOE cannot be established in instances where a product or
service has not been sold separately, stand-alone sales are too infrequent or product pricing is not within a sufficiently narrow range. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar
deliverables when sold separately.  

         When
the Company cannot determine VSOE or TPE, it uses estimated selling price ("ESP") in its allocation of arrangement consideration. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at
which the Company would typically transact a stand-alone sale of the product or service. ESP is determined by considering a number of factors including the Company's pricing policies, internal costs
and gross profit objectives, method of distribution, market research and information, recent technological trends, competitive landscape and geographies. The Company analyzes the selling prices used
in its allocation of arrangement consideration, at a minimum, on an annual basis. Selling prices will be analyzed more frequently if a significant change in the Company's business or other factors
necessitate more frequent analysis or if the Company experiences significant variances in its selling prices.  

         Revenue
from accessories and parts is generally recognized based on shipping terms. Service revenue is recognized as the services are performed or ratably over the contractual obligation
and  

 83 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 includes
maintenance contracts, extended warranty, training, application support and on-demand services.  

         The
Company also has contracts for which it applies the percentage-of-completion model and completed contract model of revenue recognition. Application of the percentage-of-completion
method requires the Company to make reasonable estimates of the extent of progress toward completion of the contract and the total costs the Company will incur under the contract and losses are
recorded immediately when we estimate that contracts will ultimately result in a loss. Changes in the estimates could affect the timing of revenue recognition.  


         Other
revenues are primarily comprised of development arrangements recognized on a cost-plus-fixed-fee basis and licensing arrangements recognized ratably over the term of the related
contracts.  

 


 


Shipping and Handling Costs   

         The Company includes costs incurred in connection with shipping and handling of products within selling, general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Shipping and handling costs were $25.2 million, $23.2 million and $21.3 million in the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016, respectively. Amounts billed to customers in connection with these costs are included in total revenues.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         The Company commits substantial capital and resources to internal and collaborative research and development projects in order to provide
innovative products and solutions to their customers. The Company conducts research primarily to enhance system performance and improve the reliability of existing products, and to develop
revolutionary new products and solutions. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and include salaries, wages and other personnel related costs, material costs and depreciation,
consulting costs and facility costs.  

 


 


Capitalized Software   

         Purchased software is capitalized at cost and is amortized over the estimated useful life, which is generally three years. Software developed
for use in the Company's products is expensed as incurred to research and development expense until technological feasibility is achieved. Subsequent to the achievement of technological feasibility,
amounts are capitalizable; however, to date such amounts have not been material.  

 


 


Advertising   

         The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses were $14.4 million, $14.0 million and $12.7 million during the years
ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 


 


Stock-Based Compensation   

         The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income based on the fair
value of the share-based award at the grant date. The Company's primary types of share-based compensation are stock options, restricted stock awards  

 84 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 and
restricted stock units. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Stock options 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.5 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock awards 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock units 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 0.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Costs of product revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.4 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 7.9 
   
   
 7.6 
   
   
 6.6 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 1.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Compensation
expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the underlying vesting terms of the share-based award. Stock options to purchase the Company's common stock are
periodically awarded to executive officers and other employees of the Company subject to a vesting period of three to four years. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Assumptions regarding volatility, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rates are required for the Black-Scholes model and are presented in
the table below:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Risk-free interest rates 
   
   
 2.80% 
   
   
 1.78%-2.09% 
   
   
 1.23%-2.21% 
   
 
 
   Expected life 
   
   
 5.38 years 
   
   
 5.56 years 
   
   
 5.75-7.02 years 
   
 
 
   Volatility 
   
   
 28.46% 
   
   
 30.78%-34.13% 
   
   
 33.57%-41.60% 
   
 
 
   Expected dividend yield 
   
   
 0.47% 
   
   
 0.55%-0.74% 
   
   
 0.0%-0.78% 
   
 
 
 
  
          Risk-free
interest rates are based on the yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury securities for a period that is commensurate with the expected life assumption. Expected life is determined
through a calculation based on historical experience. Expected volatility is based on the Company's historical volatility results. The expected dividend yield was included in the option pricing
formula beginning in February 2016 when the Company adopted a dividend policy. The Company utilizes an estimated forfeiture rate derived from an analysis of historical data of 7.5%, 6.7% and 6.2% for
the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 


 


Earnings Per Share   

         Net income per common share attributable to Bruker Corporation shareholders is calculated by dividing net income attributable to Bruker
Corporation, adjusted to reflect changes in the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest, by the weighted-average shares outstanding during the period. The diluted net income per
share computation includes the effect of
shares which would be issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and the vesting of restricted stock, reduced by the number of shares which are assumed to be purchased by the Company
under the treasury stock method. There was no redemption value adjustment of the redeemable noncontrolling interest for the year ended December 31, 2018, 2017 or 2016.  

 85 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation, as reported 
   
 
 
$ 
 179.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 153.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding-basic 
   
   
 156.2 
   
   
 158.1 
   
   
 161.4 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 0.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 157.2 
   
   
 159.1 
   
   
 162.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   to Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.14 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.95  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Stock
options and restricted stock units to purchase approximately 0.2 million shares, 0.3 million shares and 0.6 million shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings
per share for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.  

 



 


Post Retirement Benefit Plans   

         The Company recognizes the over-funded or under-funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans as an
asset or liability, respectively, in its consolidated balance sheets and recognizes changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through other comprehensive income.  

 


 


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

         Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are excluded from net income as these amounts are recorded
directly as an adjustment to
shareholders' equity, net of tax. The Company's other comprehensive income (loss) was composed of foreign currency translation adjustments and pension liability adjustments.  

 


 


Foreign Currency Translation   

         Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign subsidiaries, where the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into U.S.
Dollars using year-end exchange rates, or historical rates, as appropriate. Revenues and expenses of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the year.
Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as a separate component of shareholders' equity. Gains and losses resulting from translation of foreign currency monetary
transactions are reported in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for all periods presented. The Company has certain intercompany
foreign currency transactions that are deemed to be of a long-term investment nature. Exchange adjustments related to those transactions are made directly to a separate component of shareholders'
equity.  

 



 


Risks and Uncertainties   

         The Company is subject to risks common to its industry including, but not limited to, global economic conditions, rapid technological change,
government and academic funding levels, changes in  

 86 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 commodity
prices, spending patterns of its customers, protection of its intellectual property, availability of key raw materials and components, compliance with existing and future regulation by
government agencies and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  

 


 


Loss Contingencies   

         Loss contingency provisions are recorded if the potential loss from any claim, asserted or unasserted, or legal proceeding related to patents,
products and other matters, is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated or a range of loss can be determined. These accruals represent management's best estimate of probable
loss. Disclosure is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision.  

 


 


Use of Estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  


         Significant
estimates and judgments made by management in preparing these financial statements include revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, write-downs for excess and
obsolete inventory, estimated fair values used to record impairment charges related to intangible assets, goodwill, and other long-lived assets, amortization periods, expected future cash flows used
to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets and to record intangible assets in business combinations, stock-based compensation expense, warranty allowances, restructuring and other related
charges, contingent liabilities and the recoverability of the Company's net deferred tax assets.  

         Changes
in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that it believes to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from management's estimates if these results differ from historical experience or other assumptions prove not to be substantially
accurate, even if such assumptions were reasonable when made.  

 


 


Note 3—Revenue   

         In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers,
  which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 605.
The new guidance was the result of a joint project between the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop common revenue
standards for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The core principle of the new guidance is that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance was effective as of January 1,
2018 and was applied on a modified retrospective basis. The Company elected the practical expedient and only evaluated contracts for which substantially all revenue had not been recognized under
ASC 605 with the cumulative effect of the new guidance recorded as of the date of initial application. The impact of adoption was an increase to beginning retained earnings of $6.1 million, net
of $2.1 million related to taxes. The adoption impact was primarily due to the change in license revenue being recognized at a point in time under ASC 606 rather than over time as it was recognized
under ASC 605. The difference between ASC 606 and ASC 605 was not material to the year ended December 31, 2018.  

 87 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
following table presents the Company's revenues by Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 
 
   Revenue by Group: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bruker BioSpin 
   
 
 
$ 
 591.1 
   
 
 
   Bruker CALID 
   
   
 547.8 
   
 
 
   Bruker Nano 
   
   
 568.1 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 194.8 
   
 
 
   Eliminations 
   
   
 (6.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,895.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Revenue
for the Company recognized at a point in time versus over time is as follows for the year ended December 31, 2018 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 
 
   Revenue recognized at a point in time 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,716.8 
   
 
 
   Revenue recognized over time 
   
   
 178.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,895.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


Remaining Performance Obligations   

 

         Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to a promise to transfer a good or service that is fully
or partially unsatisfied at the end of the period. As of December 31, 2018, remaining performance obligations were approximately $1,054.4 million. The Company expects to recognize revenue on
approximately 84.3% of the remaining performance obligations over the next twelve months and the remaining performance obligations primarily within one to three years.  

 

 


 


Contract Balances   

 

         The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (contract assets)
and deferred revenue, customer deposits and billings in excess of revenue recognized (contract liabilities) on the Company's consolidated balance sheets.  

 

 Contract assets —Most of the Company's long-term contracts are billed as work progresses in accordance with the contract terms and
conditions, either at periodic intervals or upon achievement of certain milestones. Billing often occurs subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets. Contract assets are generally
classified as other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The balance of contract assets as of December 31, 2018 and January 1, 2018, the date of adoption of ASC 606,
was $25.9 million and $12.8 million, respectively. The increase in the contract asset balance during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018 is primarily a result of foreign currency
translation and contracts that have been recognized as revenue during the twelve month period ending December 31, 2018 for which billing cannot contractually occur as of December 31,
2018.  

 Contract liabilities —The Company often receives cash payments from customers in advance of the Company's performance, resulting in contract
liabilities. These contract liabilities are classified as either current or long-term in the consolidated balance sheet based on the timing of when revenue recognition is expected. As of December 31,
2018 and January 1, 2018, the date of adoption of ASC 606, contract liabilities were $288.5 million and $291.3 million, respectively. The decrease in  

 
 88 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 the
contract liability balance during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018 is primarily a result of satisfying performance obligations and foreign currency translation which were
offset in part by new cash payments received and additions due to recent acquisitions. Approximately $171.0 million of the contract liability balance on January 1, 2018, the date of adoption of
ASC 606, was recognized as revenue during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018.  

 

 


 


Note 4—Acquisitions   

 


 


2018   

         During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company completed various acquisitions that collectively complemented the Company's existing
product offerings or added aftermarket and software capabilities to the Company's existing businesses. The following table reflects the components and preliminary fair value allocations of the
consideration transferred in connection with the 2018 acquisitions and the respective reporting segment for each of the acquisitions (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Company acquired

 

  
   
 Anasys  
   
 JPK  
   
 Mestrelab  
   
 Hain  
   
 Alicona  
   
 
 
 Reportable segment assigned 
   
 BSI 
   
 BSI 
   
 BSI 
   
 BSI 
   
 BSI 
   
 
 
   Consideration Transferred: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid 
   
 
 
$ 
 27.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 76.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.4 
   
 
 
   Cash acquired 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 (1.9 
 ) 
   
 (3.4 
 ) 
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
   
 5.3 
   
   
 4.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total consideration transferred 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Allocation of Consideration Transferred: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
 

 
$ 
 2.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.1 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 2.4 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Other current and non-current assets 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 2.0 
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 1.5 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Technology 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 7.0 
   
   
 4.9 
   
   
 38.1 
   
   
 15.2 
   
 
 
   Customer relationship 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 7.5 
   
   
 4.7 
   
   
 38.6 
   
   
 19.8 
   
 
 
   Backlog 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.3 
   
 
 
   Trade name 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 3.9 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 16.6 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 12.5 
   
   
 42.3 
   
   
 19.3 
   
 
 
   Deferred taxes, net 
   
   
 (3.2 
 ) 
   
 (4.9 
 ) 
   
 (2.5 
 ) 
   
 (19.6 
 ) 
   
 (9.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Liabilities assumed 
   
   
 (3.5 
 ) 
   
 (4.1 
 ) 
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 (15.0 
 ) 
   
 (6.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Assumed debt 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (11.3 
 ) 
   
 (6.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (23.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Hybrid instrument liability 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (12.8 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total consideration transferred 
   
 

 
$ 
 32.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
impact of all 2018 acquisitions, individually and collectively, on revenues, net income and total assets was not material.  

         Pro
forma financial information reflecting all acquisitions has not been presented because the impact, individually and collectively, on revenues, net income and total assets is not
material. Amounts allocated to goodwill that are attributable to expected synergies are not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  

 89 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 


 


Anasys   

 

         On April 8, 2018, the Company acquired a 100% interest in Anasys Instruments Corp. ("Anasys"), a privately held company, for a purchase price of
$27.0 million with the potential for additional consideration of up to $9.6 million based on revenue achievements in 2019 and 2020. Anasys develops and manufactures nanoscale infrared spectroscopy and
thermal measurement instruments.
Anasys is located in Santa Barbara, California and was integrated into the Bruker Nano Group within the BSI reportable segment.  

         The
preliminary fair value allocation included contingent consideration in the amount of $5.3 million, which represented the estimated fair value of future payments to the former
shareholders of Anasys based on Anasys achieving annual revenue targets for the years 2019 and 2020. The Company completed the fair value allocation in the fourth quarter of 2018. The amortization
period for all intangible assets acquired in connection with Anasys is eight years, except for backlog which will be amortized over one year.  

 

 


 


JPK   

 

         On July 11, 2018, the Company acquired a 100% interest in JPK Instruments AG ("JPK"), a privately held company, for a purchase price of Euro
14.2 million (approximately $16.6 million), with the potential for additional consideration of up to Euro 4.3 million (approximately $5.0 million) based on various operational achievements throughout
2019 and 2020. JPK adds in-depth expertise in live-cell imaging, cellular mechanics, adhesion, and molecular force measurements, optical trapping, and biological stimulus-response characterization to
Bruker's capabilities. JPK is located in Berlin, Germany and was integrated into the Bruker Nano Group within the BSI reportable segment.  

         The
preliminary fair value allocation included contingent consideration in the amount of $4.3 million, which represented the estimated fair value of future payments to the former
shareholders of JPK based on JPK achieving various operational achievements for the years 2019 and 2020. The Company expects to complete the fair value allocation in the second quarter of 2019. The
amortization period for all intangible assets acquired in connection with JPK is eight years, except for backlog which will be amortized over one year.  

 

 


 


Mestrelab   

 

         On October 1, 2018, Bruker acquired a 24.9% interest in Mestrelab Research, S.L. ("Mestrelab") for a purchase price of Euro 4.7 million
(approximately $5.4 million) and acquired an additional 26.1% interest on December 4, 2018 for a purchase price of Euro 5.2 million (approximately $5.9 million). The Company has options that can be
exercised after 2022 to acquire the remaining 49%. Mestrelab adds in-depth expertise to assist in advancing chemistry software that handles spectroscopic data and extracts and manages chemical
information from a variety of analytical techniques, including, for example, NMR and mass spectrometry. Mestrelab is located in Santiago de Compostela, Spain and was integrated into the Bruker BioSpin
Group within the BSI reportable segment.  

         The
Company expects to complete the fair value allocation during 2019. The amortization period for all intangible assets acquired in connection with Mestrelab is nine years, except for
customer relationships which will be amortized over ten years.  

         Concurrent
with the acquisition, the Company entered into an agreement with the noncontrolling interest holders that provides the Company with the right to purchase, and the
noncontrolling interest holders with the right to sell, the remaining 49% of Mestrelab for cash at a contractually defined redemption value. These rights (embedded derivative) are exercisable
beginning in 2022 and can be accelerated, at a discounted redemption value, upon certain events related to post combination services. As the option is tied to continued employment, the Company
classified the hybrid instrument  

 90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 (noncontrolling
interest with an embedded derivative) as a long-term liability on the consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the acquisition, the carrying value of the hybrid instrument is
remeasured to fair value with changes recorded to stock-based compensation expense in proportion to the requisite service period vested.  

 

 



 


Hain   

 

         On October 15, 2018, Bruker acquired an 80% interest in Hain Lifescience GmbH ("Hain") for a purchase price of Euro 66 million (approximately
$76.4 million) and has options to acquire the remaining 20% exercisable after 2022. Hain is an infectious disease specialist with a broad range of molecular diagnostics solutions for the detection of
microbial and viral pathogens, as well as for molecular antibiotic resistance testing. Hain is located in Nehren, Germany and was integrated into the Bruker CALID Group within the BSI reportable
segment.  

         The
Company expects to complete the fair value allocation during 2019. The amortization period for all intangible assets acquired in connection with Hain is 15 years.  


         Concurrent
with the acquisition, the Company entered into an agreement with the noncontrolling interest holders that provided the Company with the right to purchase, and the
noncontrolling interest holders with the right to sell, the remaining 20% of Hain for cash at a contractually defined redemption value. These rights are accelerated in certain events. As the
redemption of is contingently
redeemable at the option of the noncontrolling interest shareholders, the Company classifies the carrying amount of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in the mezzanine section on the consolidated
balance sheet, which is presented above the equity section and below liabilities. The agreement establishes a redemption price floor of Euro 16.7 million (approximately $19.4 million). Beginning in
2022, the redemption price is capped at Euro 46 million and increases by Euro 6 million each year thereafter if unexercised by either party.  

         Subsequent
to the acquisition, the redeemable noncontrolling interest is measured at the greater of the amount that would be paid if settlement occurred as of the balance sheet date
based on the contractually defined redemption value and its carrying amount adjusted for net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Adjustments to the carrying value of the
redeemable noncontrolling interest are recorded through retained earnings.  

 

 



 


Alicona   

 

         On December 17, 2018, Bruker acquired a 100% interest in Agapetus GmbH ("Alicona") for a purchase price of Euro 48.9 million (approximately
$55.4 million). Alicona is a provider of optical-based metrology products. Alicona is located in Graz, Austria and was integrated into the Bruker Nano Group within the BSI reportable segment.  

         The
Company expects to complete the fair value allocation during 2019. The amortization period for the intangible assets acquired in connection with Alicona is 8 years for the customer
relationships and technology intangible assets, 12 years for the trade name intangible asset and 1 year for the backlog intangible asset.  

 

 


 


Other Acquisitions   

 

         In addition to the acquisitions noted above, in the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company completed various other acquisitions that
collectively complemented the Company's existing product offerings or added aftermarket and software capabilities to the Company's existing businesses. The total consideration transferred for the
additional acquisitions was $12.7 million.  

 91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


2017 & 2016   

         In the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company completed various acquisitions that collectively complemented the Company's existing
product offerings or added aftermarket and software capabilities to the Company's existing microbiology business. The impact of these acquisitions, individually and collectively, on revenues, net
income and total assets was not material in either year. Pro forma financial information reflecting these acquisitions were not been presented because the impact, individually and collectively, on
revenues, net income and total assets is not material. Amounts allocated to goodwill that are attributable to expected synergies are not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The following
tables reflect the consideration transferred and the respective reporting segment for each of the acquisitions:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name of Acquisition

 

  
   
 Date Acquired  
   
 Segment  
   
 Consideration  
   
 Cash Consideration  
   
 
 
   InVivo Biotech Svs GmbH.  
   
 January 2, 2017 
   
 BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.1 
   
 
 
   Hysitron, Incorporated 
   
 January 23, 2017 
   
 BSI 
   
   
 28.8 
   
   
 27.2 
   
 
 
   Luxendo GmbH 
   
 May 5, 2017 
   
 BSI 
   
   
 21.9 
   
   
 18.8 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
 Various 
   
 BSI 
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
 11.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 71.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 66.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name of Acquisition


 

  
   
 Date Acquired  
   
 Segment  
   
 Consideration  
   
 Cash Consideration  
   
 
 
   Oxford Instruments Superconducting Wire LLC (OST) 
   
 November 17, 2016 
   
 BEST 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.9 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
 Various 
   
 BSI 
   
   
 15.5 
   
   
 8.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 31.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 24.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


Luxendo   

 

         On May 5, 2017, the Company acquired 100% of the shares of Luxendo GmbH ("Luxendo"), a privately held spin-off of the European Molecular Biology
Laboratory, for a purchase price of Euro 17 million (approximately $18.8 million), with the potential for additional consideration based on revenue achievements in 2018 through 2021. Luxendo is a
developer and manufacturer of proprietary light-sheet fluorescence microscopy instruments. Luxendo is located in Heidelberg, Germany and was integrated into the Bruker Nano Group within the BSI
reportable segment.  

         The
fair value allocation included contingent consideration in the amount of $3.1 million, which represented the estimated fair value of future payments to the former shareholders of
Luxendo based on achieving annual revenue targets for the years 2018 through 2021. The Company completed the fair value allocation in the third quarter of 2017. The amortization period for intangible
assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of Luxendo is 10 years for trade names and 7 years for technology.  

 

 


 


Hysitron   

 

         On January 23, 2017, the Company acquired 100% of the shares of Hysitron, Incorporated ("Hysitron"). The acquisition adds Hysitron's
nanomechanical testing instruments to the Company's existing portfolio of atomic force microscopes, surface profilometers, and tribology and mechanical testing systems. Hysitron is included in the
Bruker Nano Group within the BSI reportable segment.  

         The
fair value allocation included contingent consideration in the amount of $1.6 million, which represented the estimated fair value of future payments to the former shareholders of
Hysitron based on achieving annual revenue targets for the years 2017 through 2018. The Company completed the fair
value allocation in the second quarter of 2017. The maximum potential future payments related to the contingent consideration is $10 million. The amortization period for intangible assets acquired in  

 92 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 connection
with Hysitron is 7 years for customer relationships, trademarks and other intangibles and 5 years for existing technology.  

 


 


Note 5—Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

         The Company measures the following financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The following tables set forth the
Company's financial instruments and presents them within the fair value hierarchy using the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement at December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in
millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2018

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
Available 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   and delivery contracts 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets recorded at fair value 
   
 

 
$ 
 0.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.1 
   
 
 
   Hybrid instrument liability 
   
   
 12.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12.9 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 2.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.8 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   contracts 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 28.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2017

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
Available 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   and delivery contracts 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.7 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   contracts 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities recorded at fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  93 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

         Derivative financial instruments are classified within level 2 because there is not an active market for each derivative contract. However, the inputs used to
calculate the value of the instruments are obtained from active markets.  


         The
fair value of the long-term fixed interest rate debt, which has been classified as Level 2, was $228.8 million and $231.3 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, based on market and observable sources with similar maturity dates.  

         The
Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Fair value treatment may be elected either upon initial recognition
of an eligible asset or liability or, for an existing asset or liability, if an event triggers a new basis of accounting. The Company did not elect to remeasure any of its existing financial assets or
liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.  

         Excluded
from the table above are restricted cash and short-term investments related to time and call deposits. The Company has a program to enter into time deposits with varying
maturity dates ranging from one to twelve months, as well as call deposits for which the Company has the ability to redeem the invested amounts over a period of 95 days. The Company has classified
these investments within cash and cash equivalents or short-term investments within the consolidated balance sheets based on call and maturity dates and these are not subject to fair value
measurement. The following tables set forth the balances of restricted cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Restricted Cash 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9 
   
 
 
   Short-term Investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 114.2 
   
 
 
 
  
          On
a quarterly basis, the Company reviews its short-term investments to determine if there have been any events that could create an impairment. None were noted for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017.  

         As
part of certain acquisitions, the Company recorded contingent consideration liabilities that have been classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The contingent consideration
represents the estimated fair value of future payments to the former shareholders of certain acquired companies based on the applicable acquired company achieving annual revenue and gross margin
targets in certain years as specified in the relevant purchase and sale agreement. The Company initially values the contingent considerations by using a Monte Carlo simulation or an income approach
method. The Monte Carlo method models future revenue and costs of goods sold projections and discounts the average results to present value. The income approach method involves calculating the earnout
payment based on the forecasted cash flows, adjusting the future earnout payment for the risk of reaching the projected financials, and then discounting the future payments to present value by the
counterparty risk. The counterparty risk considers the risk of the buyer having the cash to make the earnout payments and is commensurate with a cost of debt over an appropriate term.  

 94 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
following table sets forth the changes in contingent consideration liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.6 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 5.0 
   
 
 
   Current period adjustments 
   
   
 2.3 
   
 
 
   Current period settlements 
   
   
 (11.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency effect 
   
   
 0.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 12.7 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 9.9 
   
 
 
   Current period adjustments 
   
   
 (1.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Current period settlements 
   
   
 (5.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency effect 
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          As
part of the Mestrelab acquisition, the Company entered into an agreement with the noncontrolling interest holders that provides the Company with the right to purchase, and the
noncontrolling interest holders with the right to sell, the remaining 49% of Mestrelab for cash at a contractually defined redemption value. These rights (embedded derivative) are exercisable
beginning in 2022 and can be accelerated, at a discounted redemption value, upon certain events related to post combination services. As the option is tied to continued employment, the Company
classified the hybrid instrument (noncontrolling interest with an embedded derivative) as a long-term liability on the consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to the acquisition, the carrying value of
the hybrid instrument is remeasured to fair value with changes recorded to stock-based compensation expense in proportion to the requisite service period vested. The hybrid instrument is classified as
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy  


         The
following table sets forth the changes in hybrid instrument liability for the year ended December 31, 2018 (dollars in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Current period additions 
   
   
 12.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.9  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 6—Accounts Receivable   

         The following is a summary of accounts receivable, net at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Gross accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 361.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 324.0 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (3.8 
 ) 
   
 (4.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 357.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 319.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
allowance for doubtful accounts is based on a number of factors, including an evaluation of customer credit worthiness, the age of the outstanding receivable, economic trends and
historical experience. Provisions for doubtful accounts are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

 95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
following is a summary of the activity in the Company's allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Balance at 
Beginning 
of 
Period  
   
 Additions 
Charged to 
Expense  
   
 Deductions 
Amounts 
Written Off  
   
 Foreign 
Currency 
Impact  
   
 Balance at 
End of Period  
   
 
 
   2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1.7 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 0.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.8 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 7.9 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 (4.4 
 ) 
   
 0.7 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 9.1 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 (2.0 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 7.9 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 7—Inventories   

         Inventories consisted of the following at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Raw materials 
   
 
 
$ 
 164.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 152.0 
   
 
 
   Work-in-process 
   
   
 182.4 
   
   
 183.1 
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
   
 94.8 
   
   
 96.6 
   
 
 
   Demonstration units 
   
   
 67.9 
   
   
 54.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Inventories 
   
 
 
$ 
 509.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 486.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Finished
goods include in-transit systems that have been shipped to the Company's customers but not yet installed and accepted by the customer. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
inventory-in-transit was $38.3 million and $41.4 million, respectively.  

 



 


Note 8—Property, Plant and Equipment, Net   

         The following is a summary of property, plant and equipment, net by major asset class at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 
 
$ 
 26.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 28.1 
   
 
 
   Building and leasehold improvements 
   
   
 299.2 
   
   
 294.8 
   
 
 
   Machinery, equipment, software and furniture and fixtures 
   
   
 366.4 
   
   
 364.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 692.4 
   
   
 687.8 
   
 
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (421.8 
 ) 
   
 (421.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
   
 

 
$ 
 270.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 266.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Depreciation
expense, which includes the amortization of leasehold improvements, for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $36.0 million,
$34.3 million and $32.6 million, respectively.  

         There
were no impairment charges in the year ended December 31, 2018. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded impairment charges of
$1.1 million and $0.8 million, respectively, representing the write down to fair value of certain property, plant and equipment, net related to restructuring and outsourcing activities
undertaken during the respective years. These impairment charges are recorded within other charges, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Please see Note
18—other charges, net, for additional details on the restructuring activities.  

 96 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Note 9—Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

 


 


Goodwill   

         The following table sets forth the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 (in
millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 130.6 
   
 
 
   Current period additions/adjustments 
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (1.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 130.6 
   
 
 
   Current period additions/adjustments 
   
   
 33.8 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 5.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 169.8 
   
 
 
   Current period additions/adjustments 
   
   
 109.0 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (3.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 275.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          At
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, all goodwill was allocated within the BSI Segment. The Company performed its annual impairment evaluation using a quantitative approach at
December 31, 2018 and a qualitative approach at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and concluded it was more likely than not that goodwill has not been impaired. Based on the most recent
quantitative analysis the fair values of each of the Company's reporting units was significantly greater than their carrying amounts and, therefore, no impairment was required.  

 


 


Intangible Assets   

         The following is a summary of intangible assets at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   
   
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Existing technology and related patents 
   
 
 
$ 
 272.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 (160.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 112.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 195.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 (138.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 56.5 
   
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
   
 112.0 
   
   
 (18.1 
 ) 
   
 93.9 
   
   
 34.6 
   
   
 (12.9 
 ) 
   
 21.7 
   
 
 
   Non compete conracts 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 (1.8 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 (1.5 
 ) 
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
   Trade names 
   
   
 11.6 
   
   
 (1.6 
 ) 
   
 10.0 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 3.3 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 5.1 
   
   
 (2.4 
 ) 
   
 2.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Intangible assets subject to amortization 
   
   
 403.1 
   
   
 (184.4 
 ) 
   
 218.7 
   
   
 236.0 
   
   
 (154.2 
 ) 
   
 81.8 
   
 
 
   In-process research and development 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Intangible assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 403.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (184.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 218.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 236.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 (154.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 82.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          For
the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded amortization expense of approximately $28.9 million, $29.6 million and
$21.7 million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recorded an impairment charge of
$0.6 million representing the impairment of the in-process research and development within the Bruker CALID Group.  

 97 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         The
estimated future amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets at December 31, 2018 is as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 34.9 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 29.7 
   
 
 
   2021 
   
   
 27.7 
   
 
 
   2022 
   
   
 21.8 
   
 
 
   2023 
   
   
 19.1 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 85.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 218.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 10—Other Current Liabilities   

         The following is a summary of other current liabilities at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 96.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 87.0 
   
 
 
   Accrued compensation 
   
   
 104.2 
   
   
 105.4 
   
 
 
   Accrued warranty 
   
   
 19.7 
   
   
 20.6 
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
   
 7.1 
   
   
 6.5 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 36.8 
   
   
 28.1 
   
 
 
   Other taxes payable 
   
   
 23.4 
   
   
 16.7 
   
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 2.4 
   
 
 
   Other accrued expenses 
   
   
 60.2 
   
   
 55.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 351.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 322.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table sets forth the changes in accrued warranty for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.6 
   
 
 
   Accruals for warranties issued during the year 
   
   
 17.4 
   
 
 
   Settlements of warranty claims 
   
   
 (17.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (0.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 18.7 
   
 
 
   Accruals for warranties issued during the year 
   
   
 17.0 
   
 
 
   Settlements of warranty claims 
   
   
 (17.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 1.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 20.6 
   
 
 
   Accruals for warranties issued during the year 
   
   
 21.3 
   
 
 
   Settlements of warranty claims 
   
   
 (21.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (0.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  98 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   


 


 


Note 11—Debt   

         The Company's debt obligations consist of the following as of December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   US Dollar revolving loan under the 2015 Credit Agreement 
   
 
 
$ 
 111.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 195.0 
   
 
 
   US Dollar notes under the Note Purchase Agreement 
   
   
 220.0 
   
   
 220.0 
   
 
 
   Unamortized debt issuance costs under the Note Purchase Agreement 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Other revolving loans 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations and other loans 
   
   
 7.1 
   
   
 1.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total debt 
   
   
 341.1 
   
   
 415.6 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
   
   
 (18.5 
 ) 
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total long-term debt, less current portion 
   
 
 
$ 
 322.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 415.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Credit Agreements   

         On October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a new revolving credit agreement, referred to as the 2015 Credit Agreement. The 2015 Credit
Agreement provides a maximum commitment on the Company's revolving credit line of $500 million and a maturity date of October 2020. Borrowings under the revolving credit line of the 2015 Credit
Agreement accrue interest, at the Company's option, at either (a) the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) adjusted LIBOR plus 1.00%, plus margins ranging
from 0.00% to 0.30% or (b) LIBOR, plus margins ranging from 0.90% to 1.30%. There is also a facility fee ranging from 0.10% to 0.20%.  

         Borrowings
under the 2015 Credit Agreement are secured by guarantees from certain material subsidiaries, as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement. The 2015 Credit Agreement also requires
the Company to maintain certain financial ratios related to maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement). Specifically, the Company's leverage ratio cannot
exceed 3.5 and the Company's interest coverage ratio cannot be less than 2.5. In addition to the financial ratios, the 2015 Credit Agreement contains negative covenants, including among others,
restrictions on liens, indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, asset sales, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may
result in an event of default on the 2015 Credit Agreement, which could permit acceleration of the debt and require the Company to prepay the debt before its scheduled due date.  

         As
of December 31, 2018, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of the 2015 Credit Agreement. The Company's leverage ratio (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) was 0.93
and interest coverage ratio (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) was 22.5.  


         The
following is a summary of the maximum commitments and the net amounts available to the Company under the 2015 Credit Agreement and other lines of credit with various financial
institutions  

 99 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 located
primarily in Germany and Switzerland that are unsecured and typically due upon demand with interest payable monthly, at December 31, 2018 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Interest 
Rate  
   
 Total Amount 
Committed by 
Lenders  
   
 Outstanding 
Borrowings  
   
 Outstanding 
Letters of 
Credit  
   
 Total 
Amount 
Available  
   
 
 
   2015 Credit Agreement 
   
   
 1.4 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 500.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 111.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 1.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 387.1 
   
 
 
   Hain revolving line of credit 
   
   
 3.5 
 % 
   
 4.0 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.1 
   
 
 
   Alicona revolving line of credit 
   
   
 0.5 
 % 
   
 5.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.3 
   
 
 
   Other lines of credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 256.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 137.0 
   
   
 119.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revolving loans 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 765.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 114.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 138.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 513.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note Purchase Agreement   

         In January 2012, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement, referred to as the Note Purchase Agreement, with a group of accredited
institutional investors. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company issued and sold $240.0 million of senior notes, referred to as the Senior Notes, which consist of the
following: 

 
 
 •  $20 million 3.16% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche A, due January 18, 2017;  
 •  $15 million 3.74% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche B, due January 18, 2019;  
 •  $105 million 4.31% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche C, due January 18, 2022; and  
 •  $100 million 4.46% Series 2012A Senior Notes, Tranche D, due January 18, 2024.  
 

         On
January 18, 2017, the outstanding $20.0 million principal amount of Tranche A of the Senior Notes was repaid in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement.  

         Under
the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may issue and sell additional senior notes up to an aggregate principal amount of $600 million, subject to certain conditions.
Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on January 18 and July 18 of each year. The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by
certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of repayment with the Company's other senior unsecured indebtedness. The Company may prepay some or
all of the Senior Notes at any time in an amount not less than 10% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes to be prepaid, at a price equal to the sum of (a) 100% of the
principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and (b) the applicable make-whole amount, upon not less than 30 and no more than 60 days' written notice to the holders of the Senior Notes.
In the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may be required to prepay the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof,
plus accrued and unpaid interest.  

         The
Note Purchase Agreement contains affirmative covenants, including, without limitation, maintenance of corporate existence, compliance with laws, maintenance of insurance and
properties, payment of taxes, addition of subsidiary guarantors and furnishing notices and other information. The Note Purchase Agreement also contains certain restrictive covenants that restrict the
Company's ability to, among other things, incur liens, transfer or sell assets, engage in certain mergers and consolidations and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Note Purchase Agreement
also includes customary representations and warranties and events of default. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all outstanding Senior Notes
will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. In the case of payment events of defaults, any holder of Senior Notes affected thereby may declare all Senior Notes held by it
due and payable immediately. In  

 100 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 the
case of any other event of default, a majority of the holders of the Senior Notes may declare all the Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, so
long as any Senior Notes are outstanding the Company will not permit (i) its leverage ratio, as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, as of the end of any fiscal quarter to exceed 3.50
to 1.00, (ii) its interest coverage ratio as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement as of the end of any fiscal quarter for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be less than
2.50 to 1 or (iii) priority debt at any time to exceed 25% of consolidated net worth, as determined pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.  

         As
of December 31, 2018, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company's leverage ratio (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) was
0.93 and interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) was 22.5.  

         Annual
maturities of debt outstanding, less deferred financing cost amortization, at December 31, 2018 are as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 18.5 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 112.3 
   
 
 
   2021 
   
   
 1.7 
   
 
 
   2022 
   
   
 106.0 
   
 
 
   2023 
   
   
 1.1 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 101.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 341.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Interest
expense for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, was $12.6 million, $15.4 million and $13.2 million, respectively.  

 


 


Note 12—Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

 



 


Interest Rate Risks   

         The Company's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to outstanding variable rate debt and adverse movements in the related short-term
market rates. The most significant component of the Company's interest rate risk relates to amounts outstanding under the 2015 Credit Agreement, which totaled $111.6 million at December 31, 2018. The
Company currently has a higher level of fixed rate debt than variable rate debt, which limits the exposure to adverse movements in interest rates.  

 


 


Foreign Exchange Rate Risk Management   

         The Company generates a substantial portion of its revenues and expenses in international markets, principally Germany and other countries in
the European Union and Switzerland, which subjects its operations to the exposure of exchange rate fluctuations. The impact of currency exchange rate movement can be positive or negative in any
period. The Company periodically enters into foreign currency contracts in order to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in currency translation have on its monetary transactions. Under these
arrangements, the Company typically agrees to purchase a fixed amount of a foreign currency in exchange for a fixed amount of U.S. Dollars or other currencies on specified dates with maturities of
less than twelve months, with some agreements extending to longer periods. These transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting and, accordingly, the instrument is recorded at fair value with the
corresponding gains and losses recorded in the consolidated statements  

 101 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 of
income and comprehensive income. The Company had the following notional amounts outstanding under foreign exchange contracts at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Buy

 

  
   
 Notional 
Amount in 
Buy Currency  
   
 Sell  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Notional 
Amount in 
U.S. Dollars  
   
 Fair Value 
of Assets  
   
 Fair Value 
of Liabilities  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2018: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 25.4 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2019 
   
 

 
$ 
 31.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.1 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 8.5 
   
 Euro 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 8.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 11.1 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 2.1 
   
 Swiss Francs 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 10.4 
   
 Japanese Yen 
   
 April 2019 
   
   
 10.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
   U.S. Dollars 
   
   
 1.5 
   
 Canadian Dollars 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Singapore Dollar 
   
   
 4.3 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 3.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Chinese Renminbi 
   
   
 41.1 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Great Britain Pound 
   
   
 15.4 
   
 Euro 
   
 January 2019 
   
   
 20.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 6.9 
   
 Great Britain Pound 
   
 May 2019 to October 2020 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 102.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   December 31, 2017: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 59.5 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 67.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Swiss Francs 
   
   
 11.0 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2018 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Singapore Dollar 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 U.S. Dollars 
   
 January 2018 
   
   
 3.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
   
 1.8 
   
 Polish Zloty 
   
 January 2018 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1  
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 84.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.1  
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
addition, the Company periodically enters into purchase and sales contracts denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the parties to the transaction. The Company
accounts for these transactions separately valuing the "embedded derivative" component of these contracts. The contracts, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the
transacting parties, amounted to $113.5 million for the delivery of products and $6.0 million for the purchase of products at December 31, 2018 and $98.3 million for the delivery of products and $3.6
million for the purchase of products at December 31, 2017. The changes in the fair value of these embedded derivatives are recorded in interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income.  

 


 


Commodity Price Risk Management   

         The Company has an arrangement with a customer under which it has a firm commitment to deliver copper based superconductors at a fixed price. In
order to minimize the volatility that fluctuations in the price of copper have on the Company's sales of these commodities, the Company enters into commodity hedge contracts. At December 31, 2018 and
2017, the Company has
fixed price commodity contracts with notional amounts aggregating $6.8 million and $3.0 million, respectively. The changes in the fair value of these commodity contracts are recorded in interest and
other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

 102 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         The
fair value of the derivative instruments described above were recorded in the consolidated balance sheets for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Derivative assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
 Other long-term assets 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Derivative liabilities: 
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 1.5 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
 Other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.4 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
impact on net income of unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments for the years ending December 31 are as follows (in millions)
and are recorded within interest and other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7.0 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 5.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Embedded derivatives in purchase and delivery contracts 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 (5.7 
 ) 
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Fixed price commodity contracts 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income (expense), net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (6.8 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 13—Income Taxes   


         The domestic and foreign components of income before taxes are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 

 
$ 
 (15.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (14.0 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 18.4 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 260.1 
   
   
 211.8 
   
   
 159.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 244.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 197.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 177.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  103 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
components of the income tax provision are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Current income tax (benefit) expense: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2.4 
 ) 
 
 
   State 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 61.8 
   
   
 42.7 
   
   
 59.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current income tax expense 
   
   
 72.9 
   
   
 76.9 
   
   
 57.7 
   
 
 
   Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
   
 (15.4 
 ) 
   
 35.5 
   
   
 3.1 
   
 
 
   State 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (5.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 6.5 
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
 (32.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
   
   
 (9.2 
 ) 
   
 40.6 
   
   
 (34.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income tax provision 
   
 
 
$ 
 63.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 117.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
income tax provision differs from the tax provision computed at the U.S federal statutory rate due to the following significant components for the years ended December 31:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Statutory tax rate 
   
   
 21.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   Foreign tax rate differential 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 (11.7 
 ) 
   
 (11.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Permanent differences 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
   
 8.2 
   
 
 
   Mandatory Repatriation 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 27.0 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Tax contingencies 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 (3.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Change in tax rates 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
   Withholding taxes 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 1.3 
   
 
 
   Tax on unremitted earnings 
   
   
 (4.9 
 ) 
   
 7.8 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   State income taxes, net of federal benefits 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (2.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchase accounting 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (3.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 4.3 
   
 
 
   Change in valuation allowance for unbenefitted losses 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (17.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effective tax rate 
   
   
 26.0 
 % 
   
 59.4 
 % 
   
 13.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  104 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

         The tax effect of temporary items that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as
follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 5.3 
   
   
 6.7 
   
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 26.9 
   
   
 27.9 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
   
 24.3 
   
   
 19.1 
   
 
 
   Fixed assets 
   
   
 3.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.8 
   
 
 
   Foreign tax and other tax credit carryforwards 
   
   
 8.3 
   
   
 5.9 
   
 
 
   Unrealized currency gain/loss 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 3.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
   
   
 69.8 
   
   
 69.9 
   
 
 
   Less valuation allowance 
   
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 65.5 
   
   
 69.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 1.2 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
   Foreign statutory reserves 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
   Intangibles 
   
   
 47.6 
   
   
 13.0 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   Accrued withholding tax 
   
   
 4.8 
   
   
 16.1 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 3.2 
   
   
 6.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 65.7 
   
   
 37.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 32.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company uses the liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences between the tax
and financial accounting bases of assets and liabilities at each reporting period. Deferred income taxes are based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the period in which these
differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the expected realizable amounts.  


         The
Company can only recognize a deferred tax asset to the extent this it is "more likely than not" that these assets will be realized. Judgments around realizability depend on the
availability and weight  

 105 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 of
both positive and negative evidence. Changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 37.2 
   
 
 
   Decreases recorded as a benefit to income tax provision 
   
   
 (36.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.5 
   
 
 
   Decreases recorded as a benefit to income tax provision 
   
   
 (0.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Increases recorded as a loss to income tax provision 
   
   
 1.3 
   
 
 
   Increases recorded as part of acquisition purchase accounting 
   
   
 3.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          As
of December 31, 2018, the Company has approximately $43.2 million net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce state taxable income. The Company also has approximately
$93.1 million of German Trade Tax and Corporate Income Tax net operating losses that are carried forward indefinitely. Additionally, the Company has $8.5 million of other foreign net operating
losses that are expected to expire at various times beginning in 2019. The Company also has state research and development tax credits of $8.6 million. Utilization of these credits and state net
operating losses may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership percentage change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and similar state provisions. In the event of
a deemed change in control under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, an annual limitation on the utilization of net operating losses and credits may result in the expiration of all or a portion of the
net operating loss and credit carryforwards.  

         The
Company reflects certain statutory reserves in its tabular reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits. Effective for the year ended December 31, 2013 and thereafter, these
unrecognized tax benefits are presented as a reduction of the associated net deferred tax assets.  


         At
December 31, 2018 the Company recorded state income and foreign withholding taxes on the cash and liquid assets portion of the unremitted earnings and profits (E&P) of foreign
subsidiaries expected to be repatriated from its foreign subsidiaries to the United States, except for amounts from certain subsidiaries, which the Company has asserted to be indefinitely reinvested.
Specifically, the Company asserts that a total of $1.328 billion of unremitted foreign earnings is indefinitely reinvested. This figure is comprised of $875.0 million in unremitted earnings as well as
$453.4 million of non-cash E&P in all jurisdictions not indefinitely reinvested. If this E&P is ultimately distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise the Company would
likely be subject to additional withholding tax. The Company estimates the amount of unrecognized deferred withholding taxes on the undistributed E&P to be approximately $48.5 million at December 31,
2018.  

         The
Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, of approximately $6.6 million as of December 31, 2018, that if recognized, would reduce the Company's
effective tax rate. In the next twelve months it is reasonably possible that the Company will reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by $0.1 million due to the expiration of statutes of limitations and
favorable settlement with  

 106 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 taxing
authorities which would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. A tabular reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 33.2 
   
 
 
   Gross decreases—tax positions in prior periods 
   
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Gross increases—current period tax positions 
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (21.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statutes 
   
   
 (1.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 6.2 
   
 
 
   Lapse of statutes 
   
   
 (1.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 4.4 
   
 
 
   Gross increases—current period tax positions 
   
   
 3.1 
   
 
 
   Lapse of statutes 
   
   
 (0.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company's policy is to include accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and income tax liabilities, when applicable, in income tax expense. As of December
31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had approximately $0.2 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions included in other long-term
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded a benefit of $0.3 million for penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes during
the year ended December 31, 2017. There was no benefit recognized during the year ended December 31, 2018.  

         The
Company files tax returns in the United States, which includes federal, state and local jurisdictions, and many foreign jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The
Company considers Germany, the United States and Switzerland to be its significant tax jurisdictions. The majority of the Company's earnings are derived in Germany and Switzerland. Accounting for the
various federal and local taxing authorities, the statutory rates for 2018 were approximately 30.0% and 20.0% for Germany and Switzerland, respectively. The mix of earnings in those two jurisdictions
resulted in an increase of 3.76% from the U.S. statutory rate of 21% in 2018. The Company has not been a party to any tax holiday agreements. The tax years 2013 to 2016 are open to examination in
Germany and Switzerland. In 2016, the Company settled tax audits in Germany and Switzerland. The settlements were immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. Tax years 2011 to 2016 remain
open for examination in the United States.  

 

 


 


U.S. Tax Reform   

 

         On December 22, 2017 (Enactment Date), the President of the United States signed tax reform legislation (2017 Tax Act), which enacted a wide
range of changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, many of which differ significantly from the provisions of the previous U.S. tax law. The 2017 Tax Act contains several key provisions
including, among other things: 

 
 
 •  A reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0% for the tax years beginning after December 31, 2017;    
 •  The introduction of a territorial tax system beginning in 2018 by providing a 100% dividends received deduction on certain qualified dividends
from foreign subsidiaries;  
 •  To fund the territorial tax system, a one-time tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of post-1986 untaxed foreign earnings and profits
(E&P), referred to as the "toll charge", and;  
 •  The introduction of a new U.S. tax on certain off-shore earnings associated with so-called "Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income" (GILTI). This
tax is imposed at an effective tax rate of  
 
 107 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 

 10.5%
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 (increasing to 13.125% for tax years beginning after December 31, 2025) with a partial offset by foreign tax credits.  

 
 

         Also
on December 22, 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 118, which provides companies with additional guidance on how to
implement the provisions of the 2017 Tax Act in their financial statements. The guidance provides for a measurement period, up to one year from the Enactment Date, in which provisional amounts may be
adjusted when additional information is obtained, prepared or analyzed about facts and circumstances that existed as of the Enactment Date, if known, which would have impacted the amounts that were
initially recorded by the Company.  

         During
the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company recognized within its provision for income taxes an incremental income tax provision of $68.9 million, which is primarily comprised of the
following: 

 
 
 •  An estimated income tax provision of $55.0 million for the federal and state impacts of the one-time deemed repatriation of pre-2018 E&P. In
accordance with the 2017 Tax Act, the federal portion of the toll charge liability may be paid over eight years. Such liability can be reduced by certain credits. Accordingly, we have recorded $30.6
million and $2.7 million in long-term income tax liabilities and accrued income taxes (current), respectively, as of December 31, 2017  
 •  An estimated net income tax benefit of $1.4 million, for the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities at the newly enacted tax
rate of 21%; and  
 •  As a result of the 2017 Tax Act and our expectations about distributing certain cash balances from its foreign subsidiaries to the United
States, we also recorded estimated income tax provisions for estimated state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes of $12.5 million.  
 

         During
the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company completed its accounting for the elements of U.S. Tax Reform. During 2018, the Company recorded tax adjustments under SAB 118 equal to a
net benefit of $5.4 million. Among those adjustments were $6.6 million of additional tax expense related to the toll charge liability that was estimated to be $55.0 million in 2017. In addition, a
$12.0 million tax benefit was recorded in 2018 that reduced the estimated liability of $12.5 that the Company recorded in 2017 for expected state income and foreign withholding taxes associated with
unremitted foreign earnings. There was no change from the $1.4 million that was recorded in 2017 to the net deferred tax liability related to the reduction on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate from
35% to 21%.  

         The
Company recorded tax expense associated with the GILTI provisions of the 2017 Tax Act as of December 31, 2018. Companies are allowed to adopt an accounting policy to either recognize
deferred taxes for GILTI or treat such as a tax cost in the year incurred. The Company has determined to treat such as a tax cost in the year incurred. As such, the Company did not record a deferred
income tax expense or benefit related to the GILTI provisions of the 2017 Tax Act in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2018.  

 


 


Note 14—Post Retirement Benefit Plans   

 


 


Defined Contribution Plans   

         The Company sponsors various defined contribution plans that cover certain domestic and international employees. The Company may make
contributions to these plans at its discretion. The Company contributed $8.4 million, $6.4 million and $6.0 million to such plans in the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

 


 


Defined Benefit Plans   

         Substantially all of the Company's employees in Switzerland, France and Japan, as well as certain employees in Germany, are covered by
Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans. Retirement  

 108 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 benefits
are generally earned based on years of service and compensation during active employment. Eligibility is generally determined in accordance with local statutory requirements; however, the
level of benefits and terms of vesting varies among plans.  

         The
components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Components of net periodic benefit costs: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.8 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 2.2 
   
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 (1.9 
 ) 
   
 (1.7 
 ) 
   
 (1.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlement loss recognized 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Amortization of net loss 
   
   
 3.8 
   
   
 4.8 
   
   
 4.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net periodic benefit costs 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company measures its benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets as of December 31st each year. The changes in benefit obligations and plan assets under the
defined benefit pension plans, projected benefit obligation and funded status of the plans were as follows at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Change in benefit obligation: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 228.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 210.1 
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
   
 7.5 
   
   
 7.8 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 1.7 
   
 
 
   Plan participant contributions 
   
   
 4.3 
   
   
 4.1 
   
 
 
   Plan amendments 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Plan settlements 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 (2.0 
 ) 
   
 (3.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Actuarial loss (gain) 
   
   
 (16.2 
 ) 
   
 (3.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Premiums paid 
   
   
 (1.7 
 ) 
   
 (1.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange rates 
   
   
 (3.5 
 ) 
   
 13.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Benefit obligation at end of year 
   
   
 216.7 
   
   
 228.0 
   
 
 
   Change in plan assets: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
   
   
 120.3 
   
   
 105.9 
   
 
 
   Return on plan assets 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 5.0 
   
 
 
   Plan participant and employer contributions 
   
   
 10.2 
   
   
 9.5 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 (2.2 
 ) 
   
 (3.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Plan settlements 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Premiums paid 
   
   
 (1.5 
 ) 
   
 (1.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange rates 
   
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 5.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
   
   
 124.6 
   
   
 120.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net under funded status 
   
 
 
$ 
 (92.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (107.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07,  Compensation- Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net
Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost . This new standard intends to improve the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost. The new
standard requires the service cost component of net periodic cost  

 109 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 be
reported in the same line item(s) as other employee compensation costs and all other components of the net periodic cost be reported in the condensed consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income below operating income. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2018 on a retrospective basis. The Company reclassified the non-service pension cost previously
reported in operations of $4.8 million and $4.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These amounts were previously reported in cost of sales, selling, general, and
administrative, and research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

         The
accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans is $206.9 million and $217.2 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. All defined benefit pension
plans have an accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31, 2018 and 2017.  


         The
following amounts were recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for the Company's defined benefit plans at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-current liabilities 
   
   
 (90.5 
 ) 
   
 (105.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net benefit obligation 
   
 
 
$ 
 (92.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (107.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following pre-tax amounts were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income for the Company's defined benefit plans at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Reconciliation of amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Prior service cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 (6.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (9.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
   
   
 (32.0 
 ) 
   
 (48.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (38.9 
 ) 
   
 (58.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Accumulated contributions below net periodic benefit cost 
   
   
 (53.2 
 ) 
   
 (49.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net amount recognized 
   
 
 
$ 
 (92.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (107.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
amount in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2018 expected to be recognized as amortization of net loss within net periodic benefit cost in 2019 is $1.9 million.  

         For
the defined benefit pension plans, the Company uses a corridor approach to amortize actuarial gains and losses. Under this approach, net actuarial gains or losses in excess of ten
percent of the larger of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service of active participants who are expected to receive benefits
under the plans.  

         The
range of assumptions used for defined benefit pension plans reflects the different economic environments within the various countries. The range of assumptions used to determine the
projected benefit obligations for the years ended December 31, are as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
 
 
   Discount rates 
   
 0.2%-2.3% 
   
 0.2%-2.1% 
   
 0.2%-2.1% 
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
 0.0%-3.0% 
   
 0.0%-3.0% 
   
 0.0%-3.0% 
 
 
   Expected rate of compensation increase 
   
 1.0%-3.0% 
   
 1.0%-3.0% 
   
 1.0%-3.0% 
 
 
 
  
  110 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         To
determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, the Company considers current asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various asset
categories of plan assets. For the defined benefit pension plans, the Company applies the expected rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which stabilizes variability in assets to which
the expected return is applied.  

 


 


Asset Allocations by Asset Category   

         The fair value of the Company's pension plan assets at December 31, 2018 and 2017, by asset category and by level in the fair value hierarchy,
is as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2018

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets 
Available (Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Plan Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Group BPCE Life (a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Swiss Life Collective BVG Foundation (b) 
   
   
 123.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 123.8 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total plan assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 124.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 124.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2017

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets 
Available (Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Plan Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Group BPCE Life (a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Swiss Life Collective BVG Foundation (b) 
   
   
 119.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 119.2 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total plan assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 120.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 120.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
Company's pension plan in France is invested in a larger fund that invests in a variety of instruments. The assets are not directly dedicated to the French
pension plan. The Group BPCE Life fund invests in debt securities of foreign corporations and governments, equity securities of foreign government funds and private real estate funds.
 (b) The
Company's pension plan in Switzerland is outsourced to Swiss Life AG, an outside insurance provider. Under the insurance contract, the plan assets are invested
in Swiss Life Collective BVG Foundation (the Foundation), which is an umbrella fund for which the retirement savings and interest rates are guaranteed a minimum of 1.0% and 1.75% for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, on the mandatory withdrawal portion, as defined by Swiss law, and 0.25% and 0.75% for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively on the
non-mandatory portion. The Foundation utilizes plan administrators and investment managers to oversee the investment allocation process, set long-term strategic targets and monitor asset allocations.
The target allocations are 75% bonds, including cash, 5% equity investments and 20% real estate and mortgages. Should the Foundation yield a return greater than the guaranteed amounts, the
Company, according to Swiss law, shall receive 90% of the additional return with Swiss Life AG retaining 10%. The withdrawal benefits and interest allocations are secured at all times by Swiss Life
AG.   
  
  


 


Contributions and Estimated Future Benefit Payments   

         During 2019, the Company expects contributions to be consistent with 2018. The estimated future benefit payments are based on the same
assumptions used to measure the Company's benefit obligation  

 111 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 at
December 31, 2018. The following benefit payments reflect future employee service as appropriate (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.5 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 2.8 
   
 
 
   2021 
   
   
 3.3 
   
 
 
   2022 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   2023 
   
   
 4.4 
   
 
 
   2024-2028 
   
   
 31.0 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies   

         In accordance with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, the Company accrues anticipated costs of settlement, damages, or other costs to the extent
specific losses are probable and estimable.  

 


 


Litigation and Related Contingencies   

         Lawsuits, claims and proceedings of a nature considered normal to its businesses may be pending from time to time against the Company. Third
parties might allege that the Company or its collaborators are infringing their patent rights or that the Company is otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Loss contingency provisions
are recorded if the potential loss from any claim, asserted or unasserted, or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated or a range of loss can be determined.
These accruals represent management's best estimate of probable loss. Disclosure is also provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the
amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. The Company believes the outcome of pending proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material impact on the Company's
financial statements. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, no material accruals have been recorded for potential contingencies.  

 


 


Governmental Investigations   

         The Company is subject to regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United States and other countries in which it
operates. From time to time, the Company is the subject of governmental investigations often involving regulatory, marketing and other business practices. These governmental investigations may result
in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings, fines, penalties and administrative remedies which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of
operations and/or liquidity.  

         In
August 2018, the Korea Fair Trade Commission ("KFTC") informed the Company that it is conducting an investigation into the public tender bidding activities of a number of life science
instrument companies operating in Korea, including Bruker Korea Co., Ltd. The Company is cooperating fully with the KFTC regarding this matter and is unable to predict the timing or outcome of this
investigation at this time. Revenues from Korea represent less than 3% of the Company's consolidated revenue for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018.  


         On
October 19, 2017, the Company received a notice of investigation and subpoena to produce documents from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC. The subpoena seeks information related
to an employee terminated as part of a restructuring and certain matters involving the Company's policies and accounting practices related to revenue recognition and restructuring activities, as well
as related financial reporting, disclosure and compliance matters, since January 1, 2013. The subpoena also seeks information concerning, among other things, the Company's previously identified
material weakness in internal controls over the accounting for income taxes, related financial reporting matters and certain payments for non-employee travel expenses. The Company is producing
documents in response to the  

 112 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 subpoena
and intends to continue to cooperate fully with the SEC's investigation. Additionally, the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, with the assistance of outside counsel, is
conducting an internal investigation into practices of certain business partners in China and into the conduct of former employees of the Bruker Optics division in China which raised questions of
compliance with laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and/or compliance with the Company's business policies and code of conduct. The Company has voluntarily disclosed this matter to
the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice. At this time, the Company is unable to predict the duration, scope or outcome of these investigations.  

         As
of December 31, 2018 and 2017, no material accruals have been recorded for potential contingencies related to these matters.  

 


 


Operating Leases   

         Certain buildings, office equipment and vehicles are leased under agreements that are accounted for as operating leases. Total rental expense
under operating leases was $25.1 million, $23.7 million and $22.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable
operating leases at December 31, 2018, for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.3 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 19.1 
   
 
 
   2021 
   
   
 13.7 
   
 
 
   2022 
   
   
 9.3 
   
 
 
   2023 
   
   
 7.3 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 18.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 93.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Capital Leases   

         The Company leases certain assets under agreements that are classified as capital leases. The cost of these assets under the capital leases is
included in the consolidated balance sheets
as property, plant and equipment and was $0.2 million and $0.9 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Accumulated amortization of the leased buildings at December 31, 2018 and 2017 was
$0.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively. Amortization expense related to assets under capital leases was included in depreciation expense. The obligations related to capital leases was recorded as
a component of long-term debt or the current portion of long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets, depending on when the lease payments are due.  

 


 


Unconditional Purchase Commitments   

         The Company has entered into unconditional purchase commitments, in the ordinary course of business, that include agreements to purchase goods,
services or fixed assets and to pay royalties that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or
variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase commitments exclude agreements that are cancelable at any time without penalty. The aggregate amount of the Company's
unconditional purchase commitments totaled $228.3 million at December 31, 2018 and the majority of these commitments are expected to be settled during 2019.  

 113 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


License Agreements   

         The Company has entered into license agreements allowing it to utilize certain patents. If these patents are used in connection with a
commercial product sale, the Company pays royalties on the related product revenues. Licensing fees for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, were $3.7 million, $3.5 million and $3.0
million, respectively, and are recorded in cost of product revenue in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

 


 


Letters of Credit and Guarantees   

         At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had bank guarantees of $138.3 million and $138.8 million, respectively, related primarily to
customer advances. These arrangements guarantee the refund of advance payments received from customers in the event that the merchandise is not delivered or warranty obligations are not fulfilled in
compliance with the terms of the contract. These guarantees affect the availability of the Company's lines of credit.  

 


 


Indemnifications   

         The Company enters into standard indemnification arrangements in the Company's ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these arrangements, the
Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party. These parties are generally the Company's business
partners or customers, in connection with any patent, or any copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to its products. The term of these
indemnification agreements is generally perpetual any time after the execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these
agreements is unlimited. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal based on historical experiences.  


 


 


Note 16—Shareholders' Equity   

 


 


Share Repurchase Program   

         In May 2017, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which repurchases of common stock up to $225.0 million
may occur from time to time, in amounts, at prices, and at such times as the Company deems appropriate, subject to market conditions, legal requirements and other considerations. No repurchases
occurred in the year ended
December 31, 2018. A total of 5,318,063 shares were repurchased at an aggregate cost of $152.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2017 under the program. Any future repurchases will be funded from
cash on hand, future cash flows from operations and available borrowings under the revolving credit facility.  

         The
repurchased shares are reflected within Treasury stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2018 and 2017.  

 


 


Cash Dividends on Common Stock   

         On February 22, 2016, the Company announced the establishment of a dividend policy and the declaration by its Board of Directors of an initial
quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.04 per share of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock. Under the dividend policy, the Company will target a cash dividend to the Company's
shareholders in the amount of $0.16 per share  

 114 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 per
annum, payable in equal quarterly installments. The following is a summary of the dividends paid in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
 
 
   Dividends Paid on 
   
 March 23 
   
 June 22 
   
 September 21 
   
 December 21 
 
 
   Shareholders of Record as of 
   
 March 6 
   
 June 4 
   
 September 4 
   
 December 3 
 
 
   Aggregate Cost 
   
 $6.3 
   
 $6.2 
   
 $6.3 
   
 $6.3 
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2017  
 
 
   Dividends Paid on 
   
 March 24 
   
 June 23 
   
 September 22 
   
 December 22 
 
 
   Shareholders of Record as of 
   
 March 8 
   
 June 5 
   
 September 5 
   
 December 4 
 
 
   Aggregate Cost 
   
 $6.4 
   
 $6.4 
   
 $6.3 
   
 $6.3 
 
 
 
  
          Subsequent
dividend declarations and the establishment of record and payment dates for such future dividend payments, if any, are subject to the Board of Directors' continuing
determination that the dividend policy is in the best interests of the Company's shareholders. The dividend policy may be suspended or cancelled at the discretion of the Board of Directors at any
time.  

 


 


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

         The following is a summary of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, at December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Foreign 
Currency 
Translation  
   
 Pension 
Liability 
Adjustment  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (47.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (27.3 
 ) 
   
 (8.4 
 ) 
   
 (35.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Realized loss on reclassification 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
 4.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 (24.1 
 ) 
   
 (51.8 
 ) 
   
 (75.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 96.3 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 98.1 
   
 
 
   Realized loss on reclassification 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.8 
   
   
 4.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 72.2 
   
   
 (45.2 
 ) 
   
 27.0 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 (25.3 
 ) 
   
 11.9 
   
   
 (13.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Realized loss on reclassification 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 3.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 46.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 (29.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 17.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 17—Stock-Based Compensation   

         In February 2010, the Bruker BioSciences Corporation Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option Plan (the "2000 Plan"), expired at the end of its
scheduled ten-year term. On March 9, 2010, the Company's Board of Directors unanimously approved and adopted the Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2010 Plan"), and on May 14,
2010, the 2010 Plan was approved by the Company's stockholders. The 2010 Plan provided for the issuance of up to 8,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The 2010 Plan allowed a committee of
the Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee") to grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards. The Compensation Committee had the authority to
determine which employees would receive the awards, the amount of the awards and other terms and conditions of any awards. Awards granted under the 2010 Plan typically were made subject to a vesting
period of three to five years.  

 115 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         In
May 2016, the Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2016 Plan") was approved by the Company's stockholders. With the approval of the 2016 Plan, no further grants
will be made under the 2010 Plan. The 2016 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 9,500,000 shares of the Company's common stock and permits the grant of awards of non-qualified stock options,
incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, unrestricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units, as well as cash-based awards. The 2016 Plan
is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has the authority to determine which employees will receive awards, the amount of any awards, and other terms and conditions
of such awards. Stock option awards granted under the 2016 Plan typically vest over a period of one to four years.  

         Starting
in 2017, members of the Company's Board of Directors receive an annual award of restricted stock units which vest over a one-year service period.  

         Stock
option activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 was as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares 
Subject to 
Options  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Option Price  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term (Yrs)  
   
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value 
(in millions) (b)  
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 3,235,673 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.16 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 126,260 
   
   
 35.86 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (575,372 
 ) 
   
 17.87 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Forfeited/Expired 
   
   
 (193,251 
 ) 
   
 20.31 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2018 
   
   
 2,593,310 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.41 
   
   
 5.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 22.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2018 
   
   
 1,789,819 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.77 
   
   
 5.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable and expected to vest at 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   December 31, 2018 (a) 
   
   
 2,533,128 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.33 
   
   
 5.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 22.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) In
addition to the options that are vested at December 31, 2018, the Company expects a portion of the unvested options to vest in the future. Options expected to
vest in the future are determined by applying an estimated forfeiture rate to the options that are unvested as of December 31, 2018.
 (b) The
aggregate intrinsic value is based on the positive difference between the fair value of the Company's common stock price of $29.77 on December 31, 2018, or the
date of exercises, as appropriate, and the exercise price of the underlying stock options.   
  
          The
weighted average fair value of options granted was $9.50, $7.61 and $7.72 per share for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

         The
total intrinsic value of options exercised was $8.0 million, $16.2 million and $11.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  


         Unrecognized
pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of $4.4 million related to stock options awarded under the 2010 and 2016 Plans is expected to be recognized over the weighted
average remaining service period of 2.08 years for stock options outstanding at December 31, 2018.  

         Restricted
shares of the Company's common stock are periodically awarded to executive officers, directors and certain key employees of the Company, subject to service restrictions, which
vest ratably over periods of one to four years. The restricted shares of common stock may not be sold or transferred during the restriction period. Stock-based compensation for restricted stock is
recorded based on the stock price on the grant date and charged to expense ratably throughout the restriction period.  

 116 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         The
following table summarizes information about restricted stock award activity during the year ended December 31, 2018:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares 
Subject to 
Restriction  
   
 Weighted 
Average Grant 
Date Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 85,529 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.39 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (54,343 
 ) 
   
 20.12 
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (6,553 
 ) 
   
 24.80  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2018 
   
   
 24,633 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.82  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
total fair value of restricted stock vested was $1.8 million, $2.3 million and $1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

         Unrecognized
pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of $0.3 million related to restricted stock awarded under the 2010 Plan is expected to be recognized over the weighted average
remaining service period of 0.6 years for awards outstanding at December 31, 2018.  


         Restricted
stock units of the Company's common stock are periodically awarded to executive officers, directors and certain employees of the Company which vest ratably over a service
periods of one to four years. Stock-based compensation for restricted stock units is recorded based on the stock price on the grant date and charged to expense ratably throughout the vesting period.  


         The
following table summarizes information about restricted stock unit activity for year ended December 31, 2018:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares 
Subject to 
Restriction  
   
 Weighted 
Average Grant 
Date Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 652,123 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.47 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 428,464 
   
   
 33.76 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (203,144 
 ) 
   
 24.95 
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (71,194 
 ) 
   
 26.89  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2018 
   
   
 806,249 
   
 
 
$ 
 29.88  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
total fair value of restricted stock vested was $6.9 million and $2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. No restricted stock units vested in the
years ended December 31, 2016.  

         Unrecognized
pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of $18.8 million related to restricted stock units awarded under the 2016 Plan is expected to be recognized over the weighted
average remaining service period of 3.07 years for units outstanding at December 31, 2018.  


         In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Stock Compensation—Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .
The new standard simplifies accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences and the classification of the tax impact on the statement of cash flows. The Company
adopted this standard effective January 1, 2017. The ASU requires that the difference between the actual tax benefit realized upon exercise or vesting, as applicable, and the tax benefit recorded
based on the fair value of the stock award at the time of grant (the "excess tax benefits") be reflected as a reduction of the current period provision for income taxes with any shortfall recorded as
an increase in the tax provision rather than as a component of changes to additional paid-in capital. The ASU also required the excess tax benefit realized be reflected as an operating cash flow
rather than a financing cash flow. This standard was adopted by the Company on a  

 117 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 modified
retrospective basis with respect to the previously unrecognized windfalls, which resulted in a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings of $3.6 million as of January 1, 2017 related to the
timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized. The Company adopted this standard on a prospective basis with respect to the statements of income and cash flows and recognized an excess tax benefit
related to stock compensation which decreased income tax expense in the amount of $1.3 million and $1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The excess tax benefits
were previously recorded in equity. The Company continues to utilize a historical forfeiture rate to estimate future forfeitures.  

 


 


Note 18—Other Charges, Net   

         The components of other charges, net for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, were as follows in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Acquisition-related expenses (income), net 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.0 
   
 
 
   Professional fees incurred in connection with investigation matters 
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Information technology transformation costs 
   
   
 4.8 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 6.2 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 10.6 
   
   
 9.8 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other charges, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Restructuring Initiatives   

         Restructuring charges for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 included charges for various other programs which were recorded in
the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 11.0 
   
 
 
   Other charges, net 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 10.6 
   
   
 9.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  118 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         The
following table sets forth the changes in the restructuring reserves for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Severance  
   
 Exit Costs  
   
 Provisions for 
Excess 
Inventory  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.4 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 20.8 
   
   
 10.6 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (22.1 
 ) 
   
 (15.6 
 ) 
   
 (5.6 
 ) 
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash adjustments 
   
   
 (5.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (4.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.6 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 16.2 
   
   
 7.7 
   
   
 6.2 
   
   
 2.3 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (17.1 
 ) 
   
 (10.1 
 ) 
   
 (6.8 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash adjustments 
   
   
 (5.5 
 ) 
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 (3.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.7 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 9.4 
   
   
 4.1 
   
   
 5.3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (9.2 
 ) 
   
 (4.4 
 ) 
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Non-cash adjustments 
   
   
 (3.5 
 ) 
   
 0.3 
   
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 (2.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency impact 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Restructuring
charges by segment as of and for the years ended December 31, are as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 14.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.8 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 19—Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net   


         The components of interest and other income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, were as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.3 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (12.6 
 ) 
   
 (15.4 
 ) 
   
 (13.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Exchange gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions 
   
   
 (3.0 
 ) 
   
 (5.5 
 ) 
   
 4.1 
   
 
 
   Pension components 
   
   
 (3.9 
 ) 
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
   
 (4.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Gain on bargain purchase 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 9.2 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Interest and other income (expense), net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (17.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (21.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (4.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  119 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


   Table of Contents   

 


 


Note 20—Business Segment Information   

         The Company has two reportable segments, BSI and BEST, as discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  


         Selected
business segment information is presented below for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,707.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,583.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,492.6 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 194.8 
   
   
 191.2 
   
   
 130.2 
   
 
 
   Eliminations (a) 
   
   
 (6.2 
 ) 
   
 (9.2 
 ) 
   
 (11.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,895.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,765.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,611.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Operating Income: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 

 
$ 
 247.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 213.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 173.5 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 14.5 
   
   
 7.4 
   
   
 6.6 
   
 
 
   Corporate, eliminations and other (b) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1.3 
 ) 
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total operating income 
   
 
 
$ 
 262.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 219.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 181.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
product and service revenue between reportable segments.
 (b) Represents
corporate costs and eliminations not allocated to the reportable segments.   
  
          The
Company recorded an impairment charge of $0.6 million, $1.1 million and $0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, within the BSI and BEST
Segments. Please see Note 8—Property, Plant and Equipment, net and Note 9—Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for description of impairment charges recorded in 2018, 2017 and
2016. These impairment charges are included within cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 and other charges, net for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  

         Total
assets by segment as of and for the years ended December 31, are as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,100.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,917.8 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 33.2 
   
   
 35.6 
   
 
 
   Eliminations and other (a) 
   
   
 (5.2 
 ) 
   
 (4.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,128.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,948.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Assets
not allocated to the reportable segments and eliminations of intercompany transactions.   
  
  120 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         Total
capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization by segment are presented below for the years ended December 31, (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Capital Expenditures: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 38.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 34.6 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 6.4 
   
   
 5.2 
   
   
 2.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total capital expenditures 
   
 
 
$ 
 49.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 37.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Depreciation and Amortization: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BSI 
   
 

 
$ 
 60.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 59.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 51.3 
   
 
 
   BEST 
   
   
 4.7 
   
   
 4.1 
   
   
 3.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total depreciation and amortization 
   
 
 
$ 
 64.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 63.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Revenue
and property, plant and equipment, net by geographical area as of and for the year ended December 31, are as follows (in millions):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 489.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 434.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 428.2 
   
 
 
   Germany 
   
   
 201.1 
   
   
 200.2 
   
   
 189.5 
   
 
 
   Rest of Europe 
   
   
 500.2 
   
   
 465.0 
   
   
 393.4 
   
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 549.2 
   
   
 514.8 
   
   
 458.1 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 155.7 
   
   
 151.2 
   
   
 142.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,895.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,765.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,611.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 44.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 46.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 46.4 
   
 
 
   Germany 
   
   
 137.0 
   
   
 140.9 
   
   
 122.5 
   
 
 
   Rest of Europe 
   
   
 78.7 
   
   
 71.9 
   
   
 63.3 
   
 
 
   Asia Pacific 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 5.4 
   
   
 4.4 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 2.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 270.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 266.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 239.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 21—Related Parties   

         The Company leases certain office space from certain of its principal shareholders, including a director and executive officer and a former
member of the Company's Board of Directors, and members of their immediate families, which have expiration dates ranging from 2019 to 2020. Total rent expense under these leases was $1.2 million, $3.5
million and $3.9 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  


         During
the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded revenue of $2.9 million, $2.6 million and $1.1 million, respectively, arising from commercial transactions
with a life
sciences company in which a member of the Company's Board of Directors is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  

 121 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         During
the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recorded revenue of $0.6 million from commercial transactions with a hospital in which a member of the Company's Board of Directors
serves on the Board of Trustees.  

 


 


Note 22—Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

         In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04,  Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying
the Test for Goodwill Impairment.  The new standard simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating the second step of the goodwill impairment test. This ASU
will be applied prospectively and is effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. This standard is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or statements of cash flows upon adoption.  

         In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a
Business.  This new standard clarifies the definition of a business and provides a screen to determine when an integrated set of assets and activities is not a business. The
screen requires that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets,
the set is not a business. This new standard was adopted as of the effective date of January 1, 2018. The Company has evaluated the provisions of this standard and has determined that the impact of
adoption of ASU No. 2017-01 was not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.  

         In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740)—Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other than
Inventory . The new standard requires recognition of current and deferred income taxes resulting from an intra-entity transfer of any asset (excluding inventory) when the
transfer occurs. This is a change from existing U.S. GAAP which prohibits recognition of current and deferred income taxes until the asset is sold to a third party. This new standard was adopted as of
the effective date of January 1, 2018. The Company has evaluated the provisions of this standard and has determined that the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-16 was not material to the
Company's consolidated financial statements.  

         In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  which provides guidance on the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of leases. The new standard supersedes present U.S. GAAP guidance on leases and requires all leases with terms longer than 12 months to be reported on the balance sheet as
right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities, as well as, provide additional disclosures. The lease liability represents the lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease and
will be measured as the present value of the lease payments. The right-of-use asset represents the lessee's right to use a specified asset for the lease term, and will be measured at the lease
liability amount, adjusted for lease prepayment, lease incentives received and the lessee's initial direct costs.  

         The
new standard is effective as of January 1, 2019. Under ASU No. 2016-02, companies are required to transition to the new standard in the period of adoption at the
beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements (January 1, 2017 for the Company). In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11 as an update to
ASU No. 2016-02, which in part provided companies the option of transitioning to the new standard as of the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening
balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. The Company adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2019 using the alternative transition method under ASU No. 2018-11 and will
recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance sheet. The Company elected the available package of practical expedients for leases that commenced prior to the effective date that
allows it to not reassess: 1) whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases; 2) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and 3) the accounting treatment of
initial direct costs for any expired or existing leases. The Company also elected the practical expedient that allows lessees to treat lease and non-lease components of leases as a single lease
component.  

 122 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
Company is in the process of finalizing the implementation of a leasing software that will provide the required accounting disclosures and is continuing to finalize its calculations
based on the new standard. Accordingly, the Company has not completed its evaluation of all aspects of the new standard.  

         The
Company expects that the new standard will have a material impact on its consolidated balance sheet due to the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
substantially all leases currently accounted for as operating leases. As the Company completes its evaluation of this new standard, new information may arise that could change its current
understanding of the impact to its consolidated financial statements.  

         The
Company is also working to establish new processes and internal controls that may be required to comply with the new standard, but it does not expect it will have a material impact
on the Company's operations.  

 


 


Note 23—Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   

         A summary of operating results for the quarterly periods in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, is set forth below (in millions, except
per share data):  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Quarter Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31  
   
 June 30  
   
 September 30  
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2018 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net revenue 
   
 
 
$ 
 431.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 443.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 466.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 553.6 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 199.4 
   
   
 205.2 
   
   
 222.6 
   
   
 272.8 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 38.1 
   
   
 48.8 
   
   
 69.1 
   
   
 106.4 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 27.0 
   
   
 31.2 
   
   
 43.4 
   
   
 78.1 
   
 
 
   Net income per common share attributable to 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.20 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.28 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.20 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.28 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.50 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2017 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net revenue 
   
 

 
$ 
 384.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 414.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 435.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 530.5 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 176.4 
   
   
 184.5 
   
   
 198.9 
   
   
 256.2 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 37.6 
   
   
 35.3 
   
   
 51.3 
   
   
 95.3 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to Bruker Corporation 
   
   
 21.6 
   
   
 23.4 
   
   
 37.0 
   
   
 (3.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income (loss) per common share attributable to 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bruker Corporation shareholders: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.14 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.23 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.02 
 ) 
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.13 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.23 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.02 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  123 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   


   
       ITEM 9     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 9A     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          

 


 


Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

         We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2018. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a
reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2018.  

 


 


Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in  Internal
Control—Integrated Framework  (2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December
31, 2018.  

         We
excluded Anasys Instruments Corp., JPK Instruments, AG, Hain Lifescience GmbH, Mestrelab Research S.L. and Agapetus GmbH from our assessment of internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2018 because they were acquired by the Company in business combinations during 2018. The total assets and total revenues of these entities that are excluded from our
assessment of internal control over financial reporting collectively represent 2.7% and 1.2%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2018.  


         The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.  

 


 


Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2018 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

   
       ITEM 9B     OTHER INFORMATION          

         None.  

 124 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART III          

   
       ITEM 10     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          


         The full text of our code of conduct, which applies to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting
Officer and Board of Directors is published on our Investor Relations website at  www.bruker.com . We intend to disclose future amendments to
certain provisions of our Code, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors, on the website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver.  

         Information
regarding our executive officers may be found under the caption " Executive Officers " in our definitive proxy statement for our
2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding our directors, including committees of our Board of Directors and our Audit Committee Financial Experts, may be found under the captions    "Election of Directors,"
"Board Meetings, Committees and Compensation,"  and  "Audit Committee Report"  in
our definitive proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act may be found in our definitive proxy statement for
our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption " Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. " Information regarding the
procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors may be found in our definitive proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption
" Director Nominations. " Such information is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 11     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          

         Information regarding executive compensation may be found under the captions " Compensation of Directors," "Compensation
Discussion and Analysis," "Summary of Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,"  and  "Compensation
Committee Report"  in our definitive proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 12     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          


         The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2018:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Plan Category

 

  
   
 Number of Securities 
to be Issued 
Upon Exercise of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights  
   
 Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights  
   
 Number of Securities 
Remaining Available 
for Future Issuance 
Under Equity 
Compensation 
Plans (excluding 
securities reflected 
in column (a))  
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
   
 3,424,192 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.39 
   
   
 10,698,988 
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 3,424,192 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.39 
   
   
 10,698,988  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan, or the 2016 Plan, was approved by our stockholders in May 2016. The 2016 Plan has a term of ten years and provides for the
issuance of up to 9,500,000 shares of our common stock. With the approval of the 2016 Plan, no additional grants can be made from our 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan. Outstanding awards under the
2010 Incentive Compensation Plan will continue in accordance with their terms.  

 125 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
information contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption  "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management"  is incorporated herein by reference.   


   
       ITEM 13     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          

         The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions    "Related Persons
Transactions"  and  "Board Meetings, Committees and Compensation"  is incorporated herein
by reference.   

   
       ITEM 14     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES          

         The information contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions    "Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm"  and  "Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm"  is incorporated herein by reference.  

 126 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART IV          

   
       ITEM 15     EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 (1) Financial Statements 

         The
following consolidated financial statements of Bruker Corporation are filed as part of this report under Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
 
 
    Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 
 
 
    Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 
 
    Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 
 
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
 
 
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

         All
schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto set forth under
Item 8 above.   

 
 (3) Exhibits 
 (b) List of Exhibits 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Description of Exhibit  
 
 
   
 3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bruker Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2008 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 3.2 
   
 Bylaws of Bruker Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
April 14, 2000 (File No. 333-34820)) 
 
 
   
 4.1 
   
 Specimen Stock Certificate Representing Shares of Common Stock of Bruker Corporation (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 1, 2017 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.1 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Definitive
Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 14, 2010 (File 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.2 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2010 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.3 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2010 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.4 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2010 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2010 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
 
  
  127 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Description of Exhibit  
 
 
   
 10.5 
   
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2011, by and among the Company, Bruker AXS GmbH, Bruker Daltonik
GmbH, Bruker Optik GmbH, Bruker Physik GmbH, Bruker BioSpin Invest AG, Bruker BioSpin AG and Bruker BioSpin International AG, the other foreign subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto,
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Commerzbank Ag, New York, Grand Cayman And Stuttgart Branches and RBS Citizens, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, Bank of America, N.A. as Syndication Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 25, 2011 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.6 
 * 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current
Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2012 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.7 
 † 
 Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. 2009 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2010 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.8 
 † 
 Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. 2009 Stock Option Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2010 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.9 
 † 
 Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. 2009 Stock Option Plan Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2010 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.10 
 † 
 Employment Offer Letter Agreement, dated June 25, 2012, by and between the Company and Juergen Srega (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2013 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.11 
 * 
 Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2015, by and among the Company and certain of its foreign subsidiaries as borrowers,
 Citizens Bank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and TD Bank, N.A., as Co-Documentation Agents, Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for
itself and the other lenders party thereto, and the several banks or other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
October 29, 2015 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.12 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Definitive
Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 22, 2016 (File 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.13 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2016 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.14 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2016 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.15 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2016 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
 
  
  128 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
No.  
   
 Description of Exhibit  
 
 
   
 10.16 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 1, 2017 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.17 
 † 
 Project Completion Agreement, dated March 23, 2017, by and between the Company and Michael Knell (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2017 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.18 
 † 
 Bruker Corporation 2018 Short-Term Incentive Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 5, 2018 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.19 
 † 
 Offer Letter, dated March 17, 2018, by and between the Company and Gerald N. Herman (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2018 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.20 
 † 
 Offer Letter, dated June 4, 2018, by and between the Company and Gerald N. Herman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2018 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.21 
 † 
 Contract of Employment, dated May 1, 2018, by and between the Company and Falko Busse (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2018 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 10.22 
 † 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement of Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's
Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2019 (File No. 000-30833)) 
 
 
   
 21.1 
 ** 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 
   
 23.1 
 ** 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 
   
 24.1 
 ** 
 Power of attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 
 
   
 31.1 
 ** 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
   
 31.2 
 ** 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
   
 32.1 
 ** 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
 
 
   
 101 
 ** 
 The following materials from the Bruker Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance
Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Certain
portions have been omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 † Designates
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 ** Denotes
management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as Exhibits to this Form 10-K.   
  
  129 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         Amendments
and modifications to other Exhibits previously filed have been omitted when, in the opinion of the registrant, such Exhibits as amended or modified are no longer material or,
in certain instances, are no longer required to be filed as Exhibits.  

         No
other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant or its subsidiaries have been filed as Exhibits because no such instruments met the threshold
materiality requirements under Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees, however, to furnish a copy of any such instruments to the Commission upon request.   


   
       ITEM 16     FORM 10-K SUMMARY          

         Not Applicable.  

 130 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
    SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 BRUKER CORPORATION 
 
 
  Date: March 1, 2019 
   
  By: 
   
 /s/ FRANK H. LAUKIEN, PH.D. 


 

    Name: Frank H. Laukien, Ph.D. 
Title:  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 
 
  
          We,
the undersigned officers and directors of Bruker Corporation, hereby severally constitute and appoint Frank H. Laukien, Ph.D. to sign for us and in our names in the capacities
indicated below, the report on Form 10-K filed herewith and any and all amendments to such report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, in each
case, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and generally to do all such things in our names and on our behalf in our capacities consistent with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
 /s/ FRANK H. LAUKIEN, PH.D. 


 

    Frank H. Laukien, Ph.D. 
   
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ GERALD N. HERMAN 



 

    Gerald N. Herman 
   
 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ CYNTHIA M. FRIEND, PH.D. 


 

    Cynthia Friend, PH.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ MARC A. KASTNER, PH.D. 


 

    Marc A. Kastner, PH.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM A. LINTON 


 

    William A. Linton 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ GILLES G. MARTIN, PH.D. 


 

    Gilles G. Martin 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 
  
  131 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
 /s/ JOHN ORNELL 



 

    John Ornell 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ RICHARD A. PACKER 


 

    Richard A. Packer 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ ADELENE Q. PERKINS 


 

    Adelene Q. Perkins 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ HERMANN REQUARDT, PH.D. 


 

    Hermann Requardt, PH.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 /s/ ROBERT ROSENTHAL, PH.D. 


 

    Robert Rosenthal, PH.D 
   
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2019 
 
 
 
  
  132 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
