
 10-K
 1
 d654083d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549      
 FORM 10-K    (Mark One)
     
 
 
   
 þ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013  
  OR      
 
 
   
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from
                     to  
 Commission File Number 1-12981      
   
 AMETEK, Inc.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 14-1682544 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
   1100 Cassatt Road   Berwyn, Pennsylvania 
   
 19312-1177 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (610) 647-2121   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
   Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value (voting) 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None  
 (Title of Class)    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   þ         No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨         No   þ   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes   þ         No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).    Yes   þ         No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of
this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.     þ   Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer   þ 
    
   Accelerated filer   ¨ 
    
 Non-accelerated  filer   ¨ 
    
   Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
 
 
    
 
    
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes   ¨         No   þ   
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
$10.3 billion as of June 28, 2013, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.    The number of shares of the registrant’s Common Stock outstanding as of January 31, 2014 was 245,067,108.    Documents Incorporated by Reference    Part III incorporates
information by reference from the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 8, 2014.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
 2013 Form 10-K Annual Report    Table of Contents      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 PART I   
    
 
   Item 1. 
    
 Business 
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Item 1A. 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 15 
    
 
   Item 2. 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 15 
    
 
   Item 3. 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 16 
    
 
 
 
 PART II   
    
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 17 
    
 
   Item 6. 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Item 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 22 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 35 
    
 
   Item 8. 
    
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 36 
    
 
   Item 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 80 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 80 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 80 
    
 
 
 
 PART III   
    
 
   Item 10. 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 80 
    
 
   Item 11. 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 81 
    
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 81 
    
 
   Item 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 81 
    
 
   Item 14. 
    
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 81 
    
 
 
 
 PART IV   
    
 
   Item 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 82 
    
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 83 
    
 
   Index to Exhibits  
    
   
 84 
    
 
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
   
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business    General Development of
Business    AMETEK, Inc. (“AMETEK” or the “Company”) is incorporated in Delaware. Its
predecessor was originally incorporated in Delaware in 1930 under the name American Machine and Metals, Inc. The Company maintains its principal executive offices in suburban Philadelphia at 1100 Cassatt Road, Berwyn, Pennsylvania, 19312.
AMETEK is a leading global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices with operations in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. The Company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: AME). The common
stock of AMETEK is a component of the S&P 500 and the Russell 1000 Indices.    Website Access to Information  
 The Company’s annual report on  Form 10-K,  quarterly reports on  Form 10-Q,  current reports on  Form 8-K  and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
are made available free of charge on the Company’s website at  www.ametek.com  (in the “Investors — Financial News and Information” section), as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed
with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has posted, free of charge, on the investor information portion of its website, its corporate governance guidelines, Board committee charters and codes of ethics. Those
documents also are available in published form, free of charge, to any stockholder who requests them by writing to the Investor Relations Department at AMETEK, Inc., 1100 Cassatt Road, Berwyn, Pennsylvania, 19312.  
 Products and Services    The Company markets its products worldwide through two operating groups, the Electronic Instruments Group (“EIG”) and the Electromechanical Group (“EMG”). EIG provides monitoring,
testing, calibration and display devices for the process, aerospace, power and industrial markets. EMG produces highly engineered electrical connectors for electronic applications; precision motion control solutions; specialty metals and alloys; and
electric motors, blowers and heat exchangers. End markets include aerospace and defense, medical devices, factory automation, mass transit, petrochemical and other industrial markets. The Company continues to grow through strategic acquisitions
focused on differentiated niche markets in instrumentation and electromechanical devices.    Competitive Strengths  
 Management believes that the Company has several significant competitive advantages that assist it in sustaining and
enhancing its market positions. Its principal strengths include:    Significant Market
Share .    AMETEK maintains a significant share in many of its targeted niche markets because of its ability to produce and deliver high-quality products at competitive prices. In EIG, the Company maintains significant market
positions in many niche segments within the process, aerospace, power and industrial instrumentation markets. In EMG, the Company maintains significant market positions in many niche segments, including aerospace and defense, precision motion
control, factory automation and robotics, medical devices and mass transit.    Technological
and Development Capabilities .    AMETEK believes it has certain technological advantages over its competitors that allow it to develop innovative products and maintain leading market positions. Historically, the Company has
grown by extending its technical expertise into the manufacture of customized products for its customers, as well as through strategic acquisitions. EIG competes primarily on  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the basis of product innovation in several highly specialized instrumentation markets, including process measurement, aerospace, power generation and distribution, heavy-vehicle dashboard and
medical instrumentation. EMG’s differentiated businesses focus on developing customized products for specialized applications in aerospace and defense, medical, factory automation and other industrial applications.  
 Efficient and Low-Cost Manufacturing Operations.     EMG has manufacturing
plants in Brazil, China, the Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico and Serbia to lower its costs and achieve strategic proximity to its customers, providing the opportunity to increase international sales and market share. Certain of the Company’s
electronic instrument businesses have relocated manufacturing operations to low-cost locales. Furthermore, strategic acquisitions and joint ventures in Europe, North America and Asia have resulted in additional cost savings and synergies through the
consolidation of operations, supply chain, product lines and distribution channels, which benefits both operating groups.    Experienced Management Team .    Another key component of AMETEK’s success is the strength of its management team and its commitment to the performance of the Company.
AMETEK’s senior management has extensive experience, averaging approximately 26 years with the Company, and is financially committed to the Company’s success through Company-established stock ownership guidelines and equity incentive
programs.    Business Strategy    AMETEK’s objectives are to increase the Company’s earnings and financial returns through a combination of operational and financial strategies. Those operational strategies include Operational
Excellence, New Product Development, Global and Market Expansion, and Strategic Acquisitions. These strategies are designed to achieve double-digit annual percentage growth in earnings per share over the business cycle and a superior return on total
capital. To support those operational objectives, financial initiatives have been, or may be, undertaken, including public and private debt or equity issuance, bank debt refinancing, local financing in certain foreign countries and share
repurchases. AMETEK’s commitment to earnings growth is reflected in its continued implementation of its new product development, global and market expansion, acquisition strategy and its operational excellence programs designed to achieve the
Company’s long-term, best-cost objectives.    AMETEK’s Corporate Growth Plan consists of four key
strategies:    Operational Excellence.     Operational Excellence is
AMETEK’s cornerstone strategy for improving profit margins and strengthening the Company’s competitive position across its businesses. Through its Operational Excellence strategy, the Company seeks to improve operating efficiency, reduce
production costs and improve its market positions. AMETEK believes that Operational Excellence, which focuses on Six Sigma process improvements in factories, design for Six Sigma in new product development efforts, global sourcing, lean
manufacturing and emphasizing team building and a participative management culture, has enabled the Company to improve operating efficiencies and product quality, increase customer satisfaction, and has yielded higher cash flow from operations,
while lowering operating and administrative costs and shortening manufacturing cycle times. The strategy also has played a key role in achieving synergies from newly acquired companies.  
 New Product Development .    New products are essential to AMETEK’s
long-term growth. As a result, AMETEK has consistently maintained its investment in new product development, and, in 2013, added to its highly differentiated product portfolio with a range of new products across each of its businesses. Recent
introductions include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Spectro Analytical’s SPECTROSCOUT portable elemental analyzer performs rapid, laboratory-class analysis in the field or at remote locations,
making it an ideal tool for environmental and geological field work and highly accurate, onsite precious metal analysis;  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Programmable Power added two new Sorensen SG DC power supply products. The widely used, bench top units offer high-quality power and higher voltage
ranges and are well suited for testing components for electric vehicles, solar energy systems and semiconductor equipment;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Rotron Nanos II/3 and Minimax vaneaxial fans weigh less than two ounces but deliver maximum airflow for spot cooling of tightly packaged electronic
and optical equipment. The fans’ compact size and minimal weight make them ideal for portable equipment and other space-limited electronic applications;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Sensors and Fluid Management Systems’ advanced fuel gauging system and remote fuel display panel were selected by Bell Helicopter for the new
525 Relentless super medium helicopter because of their state-of-the-art design capabilities, accuracy and reliability;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Taylor Hobson’s
Sutronic ®  S-100 Series portable surface measurement testers were developed to meet the requirements of precision
manufacturers for a durable shop-floor surface roughness tester and a high-accuracy, easy-to-use inspection room instrument;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   ORTEC Products Group introduced the Detective SPM-16 spectroscopic portal monitor for screening trains, trucks and cargo containers for potentially
harmful radioactive materials and PINS  3-CF  chemical munitions identification system for identifying hazardous chemicals inside munitions and other containers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Engineered Medical Components patented the design for its new low-noise electrocardiogram (“ECG”) cable, which exceeds current low-noise
and electromagnetic interference standards. While the standards pertain specifically to ECG cables, they are commonly used to establish performance requirements for other medical device cables as well;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Process Instruments
Thermox ®  WDG-V next-generation combustion analyzer reliably measures oxygen, combustibles and methane in process
heaters, burners and boilers, maximizing fuel efficiency and lowering combustion emissions, while improving safety and process control;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Vision Research’s
Phantom ®  v2010 ultrahigh speed digital camera delivers more than 22,000 frames per second at full megapixel
resolution, bringing a new level of performance to scientists, researchers, engineers and others who need to capture high-speed digital images;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Power Instruments broadened its offering of power measurement, alarm management and utility communications products with the  DMS-3K  alarm management system with remote monitoring and alarm capabilities and a portable version of its Platinum 2.5K multifunctional electrical fault recorder;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Solartron Metrology extended the capabilities of its Orbit ®  precision measurement system with two new non-contact laser gauging probes. These high-accuracy measurement devices are designed for high-precision manufacturing of
ultrasensitive devices such as smart phones and tablet computers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Floorcare and Specialty Motors incorporated an innovative fan design and advanced noise-dampening technology in a new
 5.4-inch  diameter vacuum motor that achieves lighter weight and quieter, more efficient operation for high-demand commercial floorcare appliances;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Precitech
Nanoform ®  L1000 multi-axis machining system combines the latest advances in ultra-precision machining with
productivity and design improvements for the production of optical lenses, mold inserts, mirrors and ultra precision mechanical components;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Precision Motion Control upgraded its MICROjammer ®  Series of high-performance compact variable speed blowers with the latest electronic controllers that permit greater functional control and increased end-user
customization for such end uses as business machines, medical devices, and printing and other equipment; and  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   C-COM 3AD 3-inch analog gauge is the most recent addition to Vehicular Instrumentation Systems’ industry-leading dashboard instrumentation
system. The versatile, stand-alone gauge satisfies the requirements for a wide range of vehicles, including trucks, buses, RVs, and construction and agricultural equipment.  
 Global and Market Expansion .    AMETEK’s largest presence outside the
United States is in Europe, where it has operations in the United Kingdom, Germany, Denmark, Italy, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Romania, France, Austria, Switzerland and the Netherlands. These operations provide design, engineering and manufacturing
capability, product-line breadth, enhanced European distribution channels, and low-cost production. AMETEK has grown sales in Latin America and Asia by building and expanding manufacturing facilities in Reynosa, Mexico: Sao Paulo, Brazil; and
Shanghai, China. It also continues to achieve geographic and market expansion in Asia through an increased sales, service and marketing presence in China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Middle East, Russia, Singapore and Taiwan as well as joint
ventures in China, Japan and Taiwan.    Strategic Acquisitions and
Alliances .    The Company continues to pursue strategic acquisitions, both domestically and internationally, to expand and strengthen its product lines, improve its market share positions and increase earnings through sales
growth and operational efficiencies at the acquired businesses. Since the beginning of 2009, through December 31, 2013, the Company has completed 24 acquisitions with annualized sales totaling approximately $1.1 billion, including
three acquisitions in 2013 (see “Recent Acquisitions”). Through these and prior acquisitions, the Company’s management team has gained considerable experience in successfully acquiring and integrating new businesses. The Company
intends to continue to pursue this acquisition strategy.    2013 OVERVIEW    Operating Performance    In 2013, AMETEK achieved sales of
$3.6 billion, an increase of 7.8% from 2012 and established records for orders, net sales, operating income, operating income margins, net income, diluted earnings per share and operating cash flow.  
 Recent Acquisitions    The Company spent $414.3 million in cash, net of cash acquired, for three business acquisitions in 2013.    In August 2013, the Company acquired Controls Southeast (“CSI”), a leader in custom-engineered, thermal management solutions used to maintain temperature control of liquid and gas in a
broad range of demanding industrial process applications. CSI is part of EIG.    In October 2013, the
Company acquired Creaform, Inc., a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative portable 3D measurement technologies and a provider of 3D engineering services. Creaform is part of EIG.  
 In December 2013, the Company acquired Powervar, Inc., a leading provider of power management systems and uninterruptible
power supply systems. Powervar is part of EIG.    Financial Information About Reportable Segments, Foreign Operations and Export Sales
   Information with respect to reportable segments and geographic areas is set forth in Note 15 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.     The Company’s international sales increased 16.2% to $1,984.5 million in 2013. The increase in international sales resulted from recent acquisitions and includes the effect of foreign currency
translation. The  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Company experienced increases in export sales of products manufactured in the United States, as well as increased sales from overseas operations. International sales represented 55.2% of
consolidated net sales in 2013 compared with 51.2% in 2012.    Description of Business  
 The products and markets of each reportable segment are described below:  
 EIG  
 EIG applies its specialized market focus and technology to the manufacture of instruments used for testing, monitoring,
calibration and display by the process, aerospace, power and industrial markets. EIG’s growth is based on the four strategies outlined in AMETEK’s Corporate Growth Plan. EIG designs products that in many instances, are significantly
different from or technologically better than competing products. It has reduced costs by implementing operational improvements, achieving acquisition synergies, improving supply chain management practices, moving production to low-cost locales and
reducing headcount. EIG is among the leaders in many of the specialized markets it serves, including airframe and aircraft engine sensors; process and analytical instruments; electric power generation, distribution and transmission instruments; and
heavy-vehicle instrument panels. It has joint venture operations in China, Japan and Taiwan. In 2013, 58% of EIG’s net sales was to customers outside the United States.  
 At December 31, 2013, EIG employed approximately 7,500 people, of whom approximately 1,400 were covered by
collective bargaining agreements. EIG had 64 operating facilities: 42 in the United States, seven in the United Kingdom, six in Germany, two each in Canada and France, and one each in Austria, China, Denmark, Mexico and Switzerland at
December 31, 2013. EIG also shares operating facilities with EMG in Brazil, China and Mexico.    Process and Analytical Instrumentation
Markets and Products    Process and analytical instrumentation sales represented 70% of EIG’s 2013 net
sales. These include process analyzers; emission monitors; spectrometers, elemental and surface analysis instruments; level, pressure and temperature sensors and transmitters; radiation measurement devices; level measurement devices; precision
pumping systems; force-materials and force-testing instruments; and contact and non-contact metrology products. EIG’s focus is on the process industries, including oil, gas and petrochemical refining, power generation, pharmaceutical
manufacture, specialty gas production, water and waste treatment, natural gas distribution and semiconductor manufacturing. AMETEK’s analytical instruments also are used for precision measurement in a number of other applications, including
radiation detection, trace element and materials analysis, nanotechnology research, ultra precision manufacturing and test and measurement applications.    Creaform, acquired in October 2013, is a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative portable 3D measurement technologies and a provider of 3D engineering services. Creaform broadens
AMETEK’s position in the metrology market.    CSI, acquired in August 2013, is a leader in
custom-engineered, thermal management solutions used to maintain temperature control of liquid and gas in a broad range of demanding industrial process applications. CSI broadens AMETEK’s position in the process and analytical instrumentation
markets.    Crystal Engineering, acquired in December 2012, has high-end pressure
measurement technology and manufactures  high-end  portable digital pressure calibrators and digital test gauges that fit well with AMETEK’s JOFRA ®  temperature and pressure calibrators. Crystal Engineering strengthens the Company’s technology and product offering in the calibration instruments market.
 
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sunpower, Inc., acquired in December 2012, designs and
develops high reliability cryocoolers and externally heated Stirling cycle engines. Sunpower’s cryogenic cooling technology provides a critical enabling technology for use in the Company’s ORTEC Detective ®  family of portable radiation identifiers.  
 Micro-Poise Measurement Systems (“Micro-Poise”), acquired in October 2012, has a large installed equipment base
at many of the world’s leading tire manufacturers and is the only industry supplier of all key test and measurement techniques with products that offer best-in-class accuracy, repeatability and cycle times. Micro-Poise broadens the
Company’s position in the materials test and measurement equipment market and makes AMETEK a leader in this growing industry segment.    O’Brien Corporation, acquired in January 2012, has products and solutions which are used in critical applications in process industries worldwide. O’Brien’s product lines are both highly
differentiated and highly complementary to AMETEK’s process instruments businesses. Combined with the Company’s analytical instrument solutions, AMETEK now can offer its customers a complete solution for most of their process analysis
needs.    Power and Industrial Instrumentation Markets and Products  
 Power and industrial instrumentation sales represented 21% of EIG’s 2013 net sales. AMETEK’s power businesses
provide analytical instruments, uninterruptible power supply systems and programmable power supplies used in a wide variety of industrial settings. EIG is a leader in the design and manufacture of power measurement and recording instrumentation used
by the electric power and manufacturing industries. Those products include power transducers and meters, event and transient recorders, annunciators and alarm monitoring systems used to measure, monitor and record variables in the transmission and
distribution of electric power.    Powervar, acquired in December 2013, is a leader in highly engineered and
customized products designed to deliver reliable, high-quality power to critical applications. Powervar adds to AMETEK’s position in power systems and instruments and provides access to attractive new market segments in medical and life
sciences.    EIG designs and manufactures uninterruptible power supply systems for the process and power
generation industries. EIG also manufactures sensor systems for land-based gas turbines and for boilers and burners used by the utility, petrochemical, process and marine industries worldwide.  
 EIG is a leader in programmable AC and DC power sources with growth opportunities in the highly attractive electronic
test and measurement equipment market.    Aerospace Instrumentation Markets and Products  
 Aerospace instrumentation sales represented 9% of EIG’s 2013 net sales. AMETEK’s aerospace products are
designed to customer specifications and are manufactured to stringent operational and reliability requirements. Its aerospace business operates in specialized markets, where its products have a technological and/or cost advantage. Acquisitions have
complemented and expanded EIG’s core sensor and transducer product line, used in a wide range of aerospace applications.    Aerospace products include airborne data systems; turbine engine temperature measurement products; vibration-monitoring systems; indicators; displays; fuel and fluid measurement products; sensors;
switches; cable harnesses; and transducers. EIG serves all segments of commercial aerospace, including helicopters, business jets, commuter aircraft and commercial airliners, as well as the military market.  
 Among its more significant competitive advantages are EIG’s 50-plus years of experience as an aerospace supplier and
its long-standing customer relationships with global commercial aircraft Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”). Its customers are the leading producers of airframes and jet engines and other aerospace system integrators. It also serves
the commercial aerospace aftermarket with spare part sales and repair and overhaul services.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Customers    EIG is not dependent on any single customer such that the loss of that customer would have a material adverse effect on EIG’s operations. Approximately 8% of EIG’s 2013 net sales was made to its
five largest customers.    EMG    EMG is among the leaders in many of the specialized markets it serves, including highly engineered electrical connectors and electronics packaging used to protect sensitive electronic devices in
aerospace, defense, medical and industrial applications, and advanced technical motor and motion control products used in electronic data storage, medical devices, office and business equipment, factory automation and robotics and other
applications. EMG also provides high-purity powdered metals, strip and foil, specialty clad metals and metal matrix composites. EMG blowers and heat exchangers provide electronic cooling and environmental control for the aerospace and defense
industries. Its motors are widely used in commercial appliances, fitness equipment, food and beverage machines, hydraulic pumps, industrial blowers and vacuum cleaners. Additionally, it operates a global network of aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul (“MRO”) facilities. EMG designs products that, in many instances, are significantly different from or technologically better than competing products. It has reduced costs by implementing operational improvements, achieving
acquisition synergies, improving supply chain management, moving production to low-cost locales and reducing headcount. In 2013, 51% of EMG’s net sales was to customers outside the United States.  
 At December 31, 2013, EMG employed approximately 6,900 people, of whom approximately 1,800 were covered by
collective bargaining agreements. EMG had 65 operating facilities: 37 in the United States, ten in the United Kingdom, three each in China and France, two each in the Czech Republic, Germany, Italy and Mexico and one each in Brazil,
Malaysia, Serbia and Taiwan at December 31, 2013.    Differentiated Businesses  
 Differentiated businesses account for an increasing proportion of EMG’s overall sales base. Differentiated
businesses sales represented 85% of EMG’s net sales in 2013 and are comprised of the technical motors and systems sales and the engineered materials, interconnects and packaging sales.    Technical Motors and Systems Markets and Products  
 Technical motors and systems sales represented 54% of EMG’s 2013 net sales. Technical motors and systems consists of
brushless motors, blowers and pumps, heat exchangers, as well as other electromechanical systems. These products are used in aerospace and defense, semiconductor equipment, computer equipment, mass transit vehicles, medical equipment, power, and
industrial applications.    EMG also produces motor-blower systems and heat exchangers used for thermal
management and other applications on a wide variety of military and commercial aircraft and military ground vehicles.    EMG also serves the commercial and military aerospace third-party MRO market. These services are provided on a global basis with facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia.  
 Aero Components International (“ACI”), acquired in December 2012, repairs and overhauls fuel, hydraulic,
pneumatic, power generation and heat exchanger components and is one of the few independent aviation repair shops with fuel system repair capabilities. Avtech Avionics and Instruments (“Avtech”), acquired in December 2012, is in the repair
and maintenance of next generation and legacy avionics and instruments. The acquisitions of ACI and Avtech represent a further expansion of AMETEK’s global aerospace MRO capabilities.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dunkermotoren GmbH, acquired in May 2012, is a global leader in highly
engineered advanced motion control solutions for niche applications. Dunkermotoren expands the Company’s leadership position in niche rotary and linear motion applications.    Engineered Materials, Interconnects and Packaging Markets and Products    Engineered materials, interconnects and packaging sales represented 31% of EMG’s 2013 net sales. AMETEK is a leader in highly engineered electrical connectors and electronics packaging used to
protect sensitive devices and  mission-critical  electronics. Its electrical connectors, terminals and headers are specifically designed for harsh environments and highly customized applications. AMETEK also is
an innovator and market leader in specialized metal powder, strip, wire and bonded products used in automotive, appliance, medical and surgical, aerospace, telecommunications, marine and general industrial applications.  
 Floorcare and Specialty Motor Markets and Products    Floorcare and specialty motor sales represented 15% of EMG’s 2013 net sales. Its specialty motors and motor-blowers are used in a wide range of products, such as floorcare products, ranging from
hand-held, canister and upright vacuums to central vacuums for residential use to commercial floorcare equipment; household and personal care appliances; fitness equipment; electric materials handling vehicles; and sewing machines. Additionally, its
products are used in outdoor power equipment, such as electric chain saws, leaf blowers, string trimmers and power washers.    Customers
   EMG is not dependent on any single customer such that the loss of that customer would have a material
adverse effect on EMG’s operations. Approximately 8% of EMG’s 2013 net sales was made to its five largest customers.    Marketing
   The Company’s marketing efforts generally are organized and carried out at the division level. EIG
makes use of distributors and sales representatives in marketing its products, as well as direct sales in most of its more technically sophisticated products. Within aerospace, its specialized customer base of aircraft and jet engine manufacturers
is served primarily by direct sales engineers. Given the technical nature of many of its products, as well as its significant worldwide market share, EMG conducts much of its domestic and international marketing activities through a direct sales
force and makes some use of sales representatives and distributors both in the United States and in other countries.    Competition
   In general, most of the Company’s markets are highly competitive. The principal elements of
competition for the Company’s products are product technology, distribution, quality, service and price.  
 In the markets served by EIG, the Company believes that it ranks among the leading producers of certain analytical
measuring and control instruments. It also is a leader in the U.S. heavy-vehicle instrumentation and power instrument markets and one of the leading instrument and sensor suppliers to the commercial aviation market. Competition remains strong and
can intensify for certain EIG products. In the process and analytical instruments market, numerous companies in each specialized market compete on the basis of product quality, performance and innovation. The aerospace and power instruments
businesses have a number of diversified competitors, which vary depending on the specific market niche.  
 EMG’s differentiated businesses have competition from a limited number of companies in each of their markets.
Competition is generally based on product innovation, performance and price. There also is competition from alternative materials and processes. In its floorcare and specialty motor businesses, EMG has limited
 
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
domestic competition in the U.S. while competition is strong from Asian motor manufacturers that serve both the U.S. and the European floorcare and specialty motor markets where AMETEK has a
smaller market position. There is potential competition from vertically integrated manufacturers of floorcare products that produce their own  motor-blowers.  Many of these manufacturers would also be potential
EMG customers if they decided to outsource their motor production.    Availability of Raw Materials  
 The Company’s reportable segments obtain raw materials and supplies from a variety of sources and generally from
more than one supplier. However, for EMG, certain items, including various base metals and certain steel components, are available only from a limited number of suppliers. The Company believes its sources and supplies of raw materials are adequate
for its needs.    Backlog and Seasonal Variations of Business  
 The Company’s backlog of unfilled orders by reportable segment was as follows at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 550.6 
    
    
 $ 
 526.5 
    
    
 $ 
 437.5 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 589.4 
    
    
   
 585.8 
    
    
   
 473.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,140.0 
    
    
 $ 
 1,112.3 
    
    
 $ 
 911.4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The higher backlog at December 31, 2013 was due to the acquired backlog of 2013
acquisitions.    Of the total backlog of unfilled orders at December 31, 2013, approximately 89% is
expected to be shipped by December 31, 2014. The Company believes that neither its business as a whole, nor either of its reportable segments, is subject to significant seasonal variations, although certain individual operations experience some
seasonal variability.    Research, Development and Engineering  
 The Company is committed to research, development and engineering activities that are designed to identify and develop
potential new and improved products or enhance existing products. Research, development and engineering costs before customer reimbursement were $178.7 million, $154.8 million and $137.6 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
Customer reimbursements in 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $9.2 million, $5.0 million and $6.1 million, respectively. These amounts included net Company-funded research and development expenses of $93.9 million, $84.9 million and
$78.0 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. All such expenditures were directed toward the development of new products and processes and the improvement of existing products and processes.  
 Environmental Matters    Information with respect to environmental matters is set forth in the section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations entitled “Environmental
Matters” and in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.   
 Patents, Licenses and Trademarks    The Company owns numerous unexpired U.S. and foreign patents, including counterparts of its more important U.S. patents, in the major industrial countries of the world. The Company is a licensor or
licensee under patent agreements of various types and its products are marketed under various registered and unregistered  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
U.S. and foreign trademarks and trade names. However, the Company does not consider any single patent or trademark, or any group thereof, essential either to its business as a whole or to either
of its reportable segments. The annual royalties received or paid under license agreements are not significant to either of its reportable segments or to the Company’s overall operations.  
 Employees    At December 31, 2013, the Company employed approximately 14,500 people in its EIG, EMG and corporate operations, of whom approximately 3,200 employees were covered by collective bargaining
agreements. The Company has two collective bargaining agreements that will expire in 2014, which cover less than 100 employees. The Company expects no material adverse effects from the pending labor contract negotiations.  
 Working Capital Practices    The Company does not have extraordinary working capital requirements in either of its reportable segments. Customers generally are billed at normal trade terms, which may include extended payment
provisions. Inventories are closely controlled and maintained at levels related to production cycles and are responsive to the normal delivery requirements of customers.  
   
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors    You should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  and the documents we
incorporate by reference in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.  Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
   A prolonged downturn in the aerospace and defense, process instrumentation or power markets could adversely affect our business.
   Several of the industries in which we operate are cyclical in nature and therefore are affected by
factors beyond our control. A prolonged downturn in the aerospace and defense, process instrumentation or power markets could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Our growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions. We may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or successfully integrate recent and
future acquisitions.    A portion of our growth has been attributed to acquisitions of strategic
businesses. Since the beginning of 2009, through December 31, 2013, we have completed 24 acquisitions. We plan to continue making strategic acquisitions to enhance our global market position and broaden our product offerings. Although we
have been successful with our acquisition strategy in the past, our ability to successfully effectuate acquisitions will be dependent upon a number of factors, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our ability to identify acceptable acquisition candidates;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The impact of increased competition for acquisitions, which may increase acquisition costs and affect our ability to consummate acquisitions on
favorable terms and may result in us assuming a greater portion of the seller’s liabilities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Successfully integrating acquired businesses, including integrating the financial, technological and management processes, procedures and controls
of the acquired businesses with those of our existing operations;  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Adequate financing for acquisitions being available on terms acceptable to us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   U.S. and foreign competition laws and regulations affecting our ability to make certain acquisitions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Unexpected losses of key employees, customers and suppliers of acquired businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Mitigating assumed, contingent and unknown liabilities; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations.  
 The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating
difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Furthermore, even if successfully integrated, the
acquired business may not achieve the results we expected or produce expected benefits in the time frame planned. Failure to continue with our acquisition strategy and the successful integration of acquired businesses could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.    We may experience unanticipated start-up expenses
and production delays in opening new facilities or product line transfers.    Certain of our businesses
are relocating or have recently relocated manufacturing operations to low-cost locales. Unanticipated start-up expenses and production delays in opening new facilities or completing product line transfers, as well as possible underutilization of our
existing facilities, could result in production inefficiencies, which would adversely affect our business and operations.    Our
substantial international sales and operations are subject to customary risks associated with international operations.    International sales for 2013 and 2012 represented 55.2% and 51.2% of our consolidated net sales, respectively. As a result of our growth strategy, we anticipate that the percentage of sales outside the
United States will increase in the future. Approximately half of our international sales are of products manufactured outside the United States. We have manufacturing operations in 15 countries outside the United States, with significant operations
in China, the Czech Republic and Mexico. A prolonged disruption of our ability to obtain a supply of goods from these countries could have a material adverse effect on our operations. International operations are subject to the customary risks of
operating in an international environment, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential imposition of trade or foreign exchange restrictions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Overlap of different tax structures;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Changes in tariffs and trade barriers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including changes in the relative value of currencies in the countries where we operate, subjecting
us to exchange rate exposures;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Restrictions on currency repatriation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   General economic conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Unstable political situations;  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Nationalization of assets; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Compliance with a wide variety of international and U.S. laws and regulatory requirements.  
 Our international sales and operations may be adversely impacted by compliance with export laws.  
 We are required to comply with various import, export, export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our
transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit
the export of certain products, services and technologies and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item. In addition, failure to comply with any of these regulations could result in
civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services and damage to our reputation.    Any inability to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of skilled officers and other employees could impede our ability to compete successfully.  
 If we cannot hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, we may not be able to effectively
integrate acquired businesses and realize anticipated results from those businesses, manage our expanding international operations and otherwise profitably grow our business. Even if we do hire and retain a sufficient number of employees, the
expense necessary to attract and motivate these officers and employees may adversely affect our results of operations.    If we are unable
to develop new products on a timely basis, it could adversely affect our business and prospects.    We
believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, on a timely basis, technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards. Although we believe we have certain technological and other
advantages over our competitors, maintaining such advantages will require us to continue investing in research and development and sales and marketing. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that
we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain such competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. We are not currently aware of any emerging standards or new products which could
render our existing products obsolete, although there can be no assurance that this will not occur or that we will be able to develop and successfully market new products.    A shortage of, or price increases for, our raw materials could increase our operating costs.    We have multiple sources of supply for our major raw material requirements and we are not dependent on any one supplier; however, certain items, including base metals and certain steel components, are
available only from a limited number of suppliers and are subject to commodity market fluctuations. Shortages in raw materials or price increases therefore could affect the prices we charge, our operating costs and our competitive position, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.    Certain environmental risks may cause
us to be liable for costs associated with hazardous or toxic substance clean-up which may adversely affect our financial condition.    Our businesses, operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things,
air emissions, discharges to waters and the use, manufacturing, generation, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Environmental risks are inherent in many of our manufacturing operations. Certain laws
provide that a current or previous owner or operator of property may be liable for the  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
costs of investigating, removing and remediating hazardous materials at such property, regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous
materials. In addition, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act generally imposes joint and several liability for clean-up costs, without regard to fault, on parties contributing hazardous substances to sites
designated for clean-up under the Act. We have been named a potentially responsible party at several sites, which are the subject of government-mandated clean-ups. As the result of our ownership and operation of facilities that use, manufacture,
store, handle and dispose of various hazardous materials, we may incur substantial costs for investigation, removal, remediation and capital expenditures related to compliance with environmental laws. While it is not possible to precisely quantify
the potential financial impact of pending environmental matters, based on our experience to date, we believe that the outcome of these matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or future results of operations.
In addition, new laws and regulations, new classification of hazardous materials, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require
us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that future environmental liabilities will not
occur or that environmental damages due to prior or present practices will not result in future liabilities.    We are subject to numerous
governmental regulations, which may be burdensome or lead to significant costs.    Our operations are
subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign governmental laws and regulations. In addition, existing laws and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations, including with respect to climate change, may be
adopted or become applicable to us or customers for our products. We cannot predict the form any such new laws or regulations will take or the impact any of these laws and regulations will have on our business or operations.  
 We may be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages in connection with alleged or actual harm caused by our products.  
 We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products is
alleged to have resulted in harm to others or to property. For example, our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of, for instance, an aircraft component that has been designed,
manufactured or serviced by us. We may incur a significant liability if product liability lawsuits against us are successful. While we believe our current general liability and product liability insurance is adequate to protect us from future
claims, we cannot assure that coverage will be adequate to cover all claims that may arise. Additionally, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability not covered by insurance or for which
third-party indemnification is not available could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.    We operate in highly competitive industries, which may adversely affect our results of operations or ability to expand our business.  
 Our markets are highly competitive. We compete, domestically and internationally, with individual producers, as well as
with vertically integrated manufacturers, some of which have resources greater than we do. The principal elements of competition for our products are product technology, quality, service, distribution and price. EMG’s competition in specialty
metal products stems from alternative materials and processes. In the markets served by EIG, although we believe EIG is a market leader, competition is strong and could intensify. In the aerospace and heavy-vehicle markets served by EIG, a limited
number of companies compete on the basis of product quality, performance and innovation. Our competitors may develop new or improve existing products that are superior to our products or may adapt more readily to new technologies or changing
requirements of our customers. There can be no assurance that our business will not be adversely affected by increased competition in the markets in which it operates or that our products will be able to compete successfully with those of our
competitors.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Restrictions contained in our revolving credit facility and other debt agreements may limit our
ability to incur additional indebtedness.    Our existing revolving credit facility and other debt
agreements contain restrictive covenants, including restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness. These restrictions could limit our ability to effectuate future acquisitions or restrict our financial flexibility.  
 We are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties.  
 We engage in numerous financial transactions and contracts including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit
facilities, financial derivatives and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. We are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and, therefore, be unable to discharge its obligations
under such contracts.    Our goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial amount of our total assets and the impairment of
such substantial goodwill and intangible assets could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.    Our total assets include substantial amounts of intangible assets, primarily goodwill. At December 31, 2013, goodwill and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled
$3,882.3 million or 66% of our total assets. The goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess of cost over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets we have acquired. At a minimum, we assess
annually whether there has been impairment in the value of our intangible assets. If future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to fall significantly below current levels, we could record, under current applicable
accounting rules, a non-cash charge to operating income for goodwill or other intangible asset impairment. Any determination requiring the impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or other intangible assets would negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operations.      
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments    None.      
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties    At December 31, 2013, the Company had 129 operating facilities in 24 states and 15 foreign countries. Of these facilities, 55 are owned by the Company and 74 are leased. The
properties owned by the Company consist of approximately 606 acres, of which approximately 4.6 million square feet are under roof. Under lease is a total of approximately 2.8 million square feet. The leases expire over a range of
years from 2014 to 2082, with renewal options for varying terms contained in many of the leases. Production facilities in China, Japan and Taiwan provide the Company with additional production capacity through the Company’s investment in 50% or
less owned joint ventures. The Company’s executive offices in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, occupy approximately 43,000 square feet under a lease that expires in September 2023.  
 The Company’s machinery and equipment, plants and offices are in satisfactory operating condition and are adequate
for the uses to which they are put. The operating facilities of the Company by reportable segment were as follows at December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number
of Operating Facilities 
   
    
 Square Feet Under Roof 
   
 
   
    
 Owned 
   
    
 Leased 
   
    
 Owned 
   
    
 Leased 
   


 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 39 
    
    
   
 1,913,000 
    
    
   
 1,743,000 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 30 
    
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 2,645,000 
    
    
   
 1,054,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 55 
    
    
   
 74 
    
    
   
 4,558,000 
    
    
   
 2,797,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings    Please refer to “Environmental Matters” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for information regarding certain litigation matters.    The Company is, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings incidental to its business. These lawsuits may involve claims for damages arising out of the use of the
Company’s products and services, personal injury, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes and intellectual property matters. The Company may also become subject to lawsuits as a result of past or future acquisitions. Based upon the
Company’s experience, the Company does not believe that these proceedings and claims will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 The principal market on which the Company’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange and it is traded
under the symbol “AME.” On January 31, 2014, there were approximately 2,117 holders of record of the Company’s common stock.    Market price and dividend information with respect to the Company’s common stock is set forth below. Future dividend payments by the Company will be dependent on future earnings, financial
requirements, contractual provisions of debt agreements and other relevant factors.    Under its share
repurchase program, the Company repurchased 206,000 shares of common stock for $8.5 million in 2013 and 141,000 shares of common stock for $4.6 million in 2012 primarily to offset the dilutive effect of shares granted as equity-based
compensation.    The high and low sales prices of the Company’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
composite tape and the quarterly dividends per share paid on the common stock were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 First Quarter 
   
    
 Second Quarter 
   
    
 Third Quarter 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
 
   2013 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dividends paid per share 
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
 
   Common stock trading range: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 43.46 
    
    
 $ 
 43.98 
    
    
 $ 
 48.01 
    
    
 $ 
 52.89 
    
 
   Low 
    
 $ 
 38.00 
    
    
 $ 
 39.46 
    
    
 $ 
 42.23 
    
    
 $ 
 43.40 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2012 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Dividends paid per share 
    
 $ 
 0.04 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
 
   Common stock trading range: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 33.14 
    
    
 $ 
 35.21 
    
    
 $ 
 36.56 
    
    
 $ 
 38.21 
    
 
   Low 
    
 $ 
 27.93 
    
    
 $ 
 31.19 
    
    
 $ 
 29.86 
    
    
 $ 
 32.67 
    
 
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 The following table reflects purchases of AMETEK, Inc. common stock by the Company during the three months ended
December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 
 Total Number of Shares  Purchased(1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced Plan(2) 
   
    
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares
that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan 
   


 
   October 1, 2013 to October 31, 2013 
    
   
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 92,432,277 
    
 
   November 1, 2013 to November 30, 2013 
    
   
 305 
    
    
   
 49.07 
    
    
   
 305 
    
    
   
 92,417,328 
    
 
   December 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 92,417,328 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 305 
    
    
   
 49.07 
    
    
   
 305 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
         
 
 
 (1) 
   Represents shares surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to
employees.      
 
 
 (2) 
   Consists of the number of shares purchased pursuant to the Company’s Board of Directors $100 million authorization for the repurchase of
its common stock announced in November 2011. Such purchases may be affected from time to time in the open market or in private transactions, subject to market conditions and at management’s discretion.  
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan Information  
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2013 regarding all of the Company’s existing
compensation plans pursuant to which equity securities are authorized for issuance to employees and nonemployee directors:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plan category 
    
 Number of securities to be
issued upon exercise of outstanding
options, warrants and
rights (a) 
   
    
 Weighted average exercise price
of outstanding options, warrants and
rights (b) 
   
    
 Number of securities remaining
available for future issuance under
equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
   


 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
    
   
 6,394,462 
    
    
 $ 
 27.13 
    
    
   
 11,812,047 
    
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 6,394,462 
    
    
   
 27.13 
    
    
   
 11,812,047 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Stock Performance Graph  
 The following graph and accompanying table compare the cumulative total stockholder return for AMETEK, Inc. over the
last five years ended December 31, 2013 with total returns for the same period for the Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Index, Russell 1000 Index and Standard and Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index. The performance graph
and table assume a $100 investment made on December 31, 2008 and reinvestment of all dividends. The stock performance shown on the graph below is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
     
 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN  
     


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2008 
   
    
 2009 
   
    
 2010 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   AMETEK, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 100.00 
    
    
 $ 
 127.48 
    
    
 $ 
 197.41 
    
    
 $ 
 212.99 
    
    
 $ 
 286.91 
    
    
 $ 
 404.39 
    
 
   Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Index* 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 143.79 
    
    
   
 193.37 
    
    
   
 176.18 
    
    
   
 216.11 
    
    
   
 289.26 
    
 
   Russell 1000 Index* 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 128.43 
    
    
   
 149.11 
    
    
   
 151.34 
    
    
   
 176.20 
    
    
   
 234.54 
    
 
   S&P 500 Index* 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 126.46 
    
    
   
 145.51 
    
    
   
 148.59 
    
    
   
 172.37 
    
    
   
 228.19 
    
         
 
 
 * 
   Includes AMETEK, Inc.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data    The following financial information for the five years ended December 31, 2013, has been derived from the Company’s consolidated financial statements. This information should be read in
conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
   


 
   Consolidated Operating Results  (Year Ended
December 31): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 3,594.1 
    
   
 $ 
 3,334.2 
    
   
 $ 
 2,989.9 
    
   
 $ 
 2,471.0 
    
   
 $ 
 2,098.4 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 815.1 
    
   
 $ 
 745.9 
    
   
 $ 
 635.9 
    
   
 $ 
 482.2 
    
   
 $ 
 366.1 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
 $ 
 (73.6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (75.5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (69.7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (67.5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (68.8 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 517.0 
    
   
 $ 
 459.1 
    
   
 $ 
 384.5 
    
   
 $ 
 283.9 
    
   
 $ 
 205.8 
    
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 2.12 
    
   
 $ 
 1.90 
    
   
 $ 
 1.60 
    
   
 $ 
 1.19 
    
   
 $ 
 0.86 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.10 
    
   
 $ 
 1.88 
    
   
 $ 
 1.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.18 
    
   
 $ 
 0.85 
    
 
   Dividends declared and paid per share 
    
 $ 
 0.24 
    
   
 $ 
 0.22 
    
   
 $ 
 0.16 
    
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
   
 $ 
 0.11 
    
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 243.9 
    
   
   
 241.5 
    
   
   
 240.4 
    
   
   
 238.6 
    
   
   
 240.3 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 246.1 
    
   
   
 244.0 
    
   
   
 243.2 
    
   
   
 241.3 
    
   
   
 242.7 
    
 
   Performance Measures and Other Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating income — Return on net sales 
    
   
 22.7 
 %  
   
   
 22.4 
 %  
   
   
 21.3 
 %  
   
   
 19.5 
 %  
   
   
 17.4 
 %  
 
 
                         
        — Return on average total assets 
    
   
 14.7 
 %  
   
   
 15.7 
 %  
   
   
 15.6 
 %  
   
   
 13.6 
 %  
   
   
 11.6 
 %  
 
   Net income — Return on average total capital 
    
   
 12.1 
 %  
   
   
 12.6 
 %  
   
   
 12.3 
 %  
   
   
 10.2 
 %  
   
   
 8.2 
 %  
 
 
                      — Return on
average stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 18.2 
 %  
   
   
 20.0 
 %  
   
   
 20.1 
 %  
   
   
 17.0 
 %  
   
   
 14.4 
 %  
 
   EBITDA(1) 
    
 $ 
 916.3 
    
   
 $ 
 842.7 
    
   
 $ 
 712.2 
    
   
 $ 
 545.9 
    
   
 $ 
 428.0 
    
 
   Ratio of EBITDA to interest expense(1) 
    
   
 12.4 
 x  
   
   
 11.2 
 x  
   
   
 10.2 
 x  
   
   
 8.2 
 x  
   
   
 6.3 
 x  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 118.7 
    
   
 $ 
 105.5 
    
   
 $ 
 86.5 
    
   
 $ 
 72.9 
    
   
 $ 
 65.5 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
 $ 
 63.3 
    
   
 $ 
 57.4 
    
   
 $ 
 50.8 
    
   
 $ 
 39.2 
    
   
 $ 
 33.1 
    
 
   Cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 660.7 
    
   
 $ 
 612.5 
    
   
 $ 
 508.6 
    
   
 $ 
 423.0 
    
   
 $ 
 364.7 
    
 
   Free cash flow(2) 
    
 $ 
 597.4 
    
   
 $ 
 555.1 
    
   
 $ 
 457.8 
    
   
 $ 
 383.8 
    
   
 $ 
 331.6 
    
 
   Consolidated Financial Position  (At
December 31): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 1,369.1 
    
   
 $ 
 1,164.7 
    
   
 $ 
 1,059.1 
    
   
 $ 
 974.5 
    
   
 $ 
 969.4 
    
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 874.5 
    
   
 $ 
 880.0 
    
   
 $ 
 628.9 
    
   
 $ 
 550.9 
    
   
 $ 
 424.3 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
 $ 
 402.8 
    
   
 $ 
 383.5 
    
   
 $ 
 325.3 
    
   
 $ 
 318.1 
    
   
 $ 
 310.1 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 5,877.9 
    
   
 $ 
 5,190.1 
    
   
 $ 
 4,319.5 
    
   
 $ 
 3,818.9 
    
   
 $ 
 3,246.0 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,141.8 
    
   
 $ 
 1,133.1 
    
   
 $ 
 1,123.4 
    
   
 $ 
 1,071.4 
    
   
 $ 
 955.9 
    
 
   Total debt 
    
 $ 
 1,415.1 
    
   
 $ 
 1,453.8 
    
   
 $ 
 1,263.9 
    
   
 $ 
 1,168.5 
    
   
 $ 
 1,041.7 
    
 
   Stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 3,136.1 
    
   
 $ 
 2,535.2 
    
   
 $ 
 2,052.8 
    
   
 $ 
 1,775.2 
    
   
 $ 
 1,567.0 
    
 
   Stockholders’ equity per share 
    
 $ 
 12.80 
    
   
 $ 
 10.42 
    
   
 $ 
 8.53 
    
   
 $ 
 7.36 
    
   
 $ 
 6.46 
    
 
   Total debt as a percentage of capitalization 
    
   
 31.1 
 %  
   
   
 36.4 
 %  
   
   
 38.1 
 %  
   
   
 39.7 
 %  
   
   
 39.9 
 %  
 
   Net debt as a percentage of capitalization(3) 
    
   
 26.3 
 %  
   
   
 33.8 
 %  
   
   
 34.8 
 %  
   
   
 36.2 
 %  
   
   
 33.7 
 %  
   See Notes to Selected Financial Data on the following page.  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Notes to Selected Financial Data  
       
 
 
 (1) 
   EBITDA represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is presented because the Company is aware that it is
used by rating agencies, securities analysts, investors and other parties in evaluating the Company. It should not be considered, however, as an alternative to operating income as an indicator of the Company’s operating performance or as an
alternative to cash flows as a measure of the Company’s overall liquidity as presented in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, EBITDA measures shown for the Company may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures used by other companies. The following table presents the reconciliation of net income reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) to EBITDA:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 517.0 
    
   
 $ 
 459.1 
    
   
 $ 
 384.5 
    
   
 $ 
 283.9 
    
   
 $ 
 205.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Add (deduct): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 73.6 
    
   
   
 75.5 
    
   
   
 69.7 
    
   
   
 67.5 
    
   
   
 68.8 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (0.8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.7 
 )  
   
   
 (0.7 
 )  
   
   
 (0.7 
 )  
   
   
 (1.0 
 )  
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 207.8 
    
   
   
 203.3 
    
   
   
 172.2 
    
   
   
 122.3 
    
   
   
 88.9 
    
 
   Depreciation 
    
   
 57.2 
    
   
   
 53.7 
    
   
   
 48.9 
    
   
   
 45.4 
    
   
   
 42.2 
    
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 61.5 
    
   
   
 51.8 
    
   
   
 37.6 
    
   
   
 27.5 
    
   
   
 23.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total adjustments 
    
   
 399.3 
    
   
   
 383.6 
    
   
   
 327.7 
    
   
   
 262.0 
    
   
   
 222.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 916.3 
    
   
 $ 
 842.7 
    
   
 $ 
 712.2 
    
   
 $ 
 545.9 
    
   
 $ 
 428.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (2) 
   Free cash flow represents cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow is presented because the Company is aware
that it is used by rating agencies, securities analysts, investors and other parties in evaluating the Company. (Also see note 1 above). The following table presents the reconciliation of cash flow from operating activities reported in
accordance with U.S. GAAP to free cash flow:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 660.7 
    
   
 $ 
 612.5 
    
   
 $ 
 508.6 
    
   
 $ 
 423.0 
    
   
 $ 
 364.7 
    
 
   Deduct: Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (63.3 
 )  
   
   
 (57.4 
 )  
   
   
 (50.8 
 )  
   
   
 (39.2 
 )  
   
   
 (33.1 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Free cash flow 
    
 $ 
 597.4 
    
   
 $ 
 555.1 
    
   
 $ 
 457.8 
    
   
 $ 
 383.8 
    
   
 $ 
 331.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (3) 
   Net debt represents total debt minus cash and cash equivalents. Net debt is presented because the Company is aware that it is used by rating
agencies, securities analysts, investors and other parties in evaluating the Company. (Also see note 1 above). The following table presents the reconciliation of total debt reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP to net debt:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Total debt 
    
 $ 
 1,415.1 
    
   
 $ 
 1,453.8 
    
   
 $ 
 1,263.9 
    
   
 $ 
 1,168.5 
    
   
 $ 
 1,041.7 
    
 
   Less: Cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (295.2 
 )  
   
   
 (158.0 
 )  
   
   
 (170.4 
 )  
   
   
 (163.2 
 )  
   
   
 (246.4 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net debt 
    
   
 1,119.9 
    
   
   
 1,295.8 
    
   
   
 1,093.5 
    
   
   
 1,005.3 
    
   
   
 795.3 
    
 
   Stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 3,136.1 
    
   
   
 2,535.2 
    
   
   
 2,052.8 
    
   
   
 1,775.2 
    
   
   
 1,567.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Capitalization (net debt plus stockholders’ equity) 
    
 $ 
 4,256.0 
    
   
 $ 
 3,831.0 
    
   
 $ 
 3,146.3 
    
   
 $ 
 2,780.5 
    
   
 $ 
 2,362.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net debt as a percentage of capitalization 
    
   
 26.3 
 %  
   
   
 33.8 
 %  
   
   
 34.8 
 %  
   
   
 36.2 
 %  
   
   
 33.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    This report includes forward-looking statements based on
the Company’s current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. When used in this report, the words “believes,” “anticipates,” “may,” “expect,” “intend,”
“estimate,” “project” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. In this report, the Company discloses important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from management’s expectations. For more information on these and other factors, see “Forward-Looking Information” herein.  
 The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read
in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Item 6. Selected Financial Data” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.     Business Overview  
 AMETEK’s operations are affected by global, regional and industry economic factors. However, the Company’s
strategic geographic and industry diversification, and its mix of products and services, have helped to limit the potential adverse impact of any unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated
operating results. In 2013, the Company established records for orders, sales, operating income, operating income margins, net income, diluted earnings per share and operating cash flow. Contributions from recent acquisitions, combined with
successful Operational Excellence initiatives, had a positive impact on 2013 results. The Company also benefited from its strategic initiatives under AMETEK’s four growth strategies: Operational Excellence, New Product Development, Global
and Market Expansion, and Strategic Acquisitions and Alliances. Highlights of 2013 were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In 2013, net sales were $3.6 billion, an increase of $259.9 million or 7.8% from 2012, on contributions from the 2012 and 2013
acquisitions.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net income for 2013 was $517.0 million, an increase of $57.9 million or 12.6%, compared with $459.1 million in 2012.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During 2013, the Company completed the following acquisitions:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In August 2013, the Company acquired Controls Southeast (“CSI”), a leader in custom-engineered, thermal management solutions used to
maintain temperature control of liquid and gas in a broad range of demanding industrial process applications;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In October 2013 the Company acquired Creaform, Inc., a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative portable 3D measurement technologies
and a provider of 3D engineering services; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In December 2013, the Company acquired Powervar, Inc., a leading provider of power management systems and uninterruptible power supply systems.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Higher earnings resulted in record cash flow provided by operating activities that totaled $660.7 million for 2013, a $48.2 million or
7.9% increase from 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company continues to maintain a strong international sales presence. International sales, including U.S. export sales, were
$1,984.5 million or 55.2% of net sales in 2013, compared with $1,707.6 million or 51.2% of net sales in 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   New orders for 2013 were a record at $3,621.9 million, an increase of $86.8 million or 2.5%, compared with $3,535.1 million in 2012.
As a result, the Company’s backlog of unfilled orders at December 31, 2013 was $1,140.0 million.  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company continued its emphasis on investment in research, development and engineering, spending $178.7 million in 2013 before customer
reimbursement of $9.2 million. Sales from products introduced in the last three years were $768.4 million or 21.4% of net sales.    Results of Operations    The following table sets forth net
sales and income by reportable segment and on a consolidated basis:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Net sales(1): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 2,034,594 
    
   
 $ 
 1,872,557 
    
   
 $ 
 1,647,195 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 1,559,542 
    
   
   
 1,461,656 
    
   
   
 1,342,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated net sales 
    
 $ 
 3,594,136 
    
   
 $ 
 3,334,213 
    
   
 $ 
 2,989,914 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income and income before income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Segment operating income(2): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 552,110 
    
   
 $ 
 497,116 
    
   
 $ 
 420,197 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 309,402 
    
   
   
 292,205 
    
   
   
 262,710 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total segment operating income 
    
   
 861,512 
    
   
   
 789,321 
    
   
   
 682,907 
    
 
   Corporate administrative and other expenses 
    
   
 (46,433 
 )  
   
   
 (43,449 
 )  
   
   
 (46,966 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating income 
    
   
 815,079 
    
   
   
 745,872 
    
   
   
 635,941 
    
 
   Interest and other expenses, net 
    
   
 (90,284 
 )  
   
   
 (83,397 
 )  
   
   
 (79,299 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 724,795 
    
   
 $ 
 662,475 
    
   
 $ 
 556,642 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   After elimination of intra- and intersegment sales, which are not significant in amount.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   Segment operating income represents net sales less all direct costs and expenses (including certain administrative and other expenses) applicable to
each segment, but does not include interest expense.    Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2013
compared with the year ended December 31, 2012    In 2013, the Company established records for
orders, sales, operating income, operating income margins, net income, diluted earnings per share and operating cash flow. The Company achieved these results primarily through contributions from acquisitions completed in 2013 and the acquisitions of
Dunkermotoren GmbH in May 2012,  Micro-Poise  Measurement Systems  (“Micro-Poise”)  in October 2012, Aero Components International (“ACI”), Avtech
Avionics and Instruments (“Avtech”), Sunpower, Inc. and Crystal Engineering in December 2012, as well as our Operational Excellence initiatives. The full year impact of the 2013 acquisitions and our continued focus on and
implementation of Operational Excellence initiatives are expected to have a positive impact on our 2014 results.    Net sales for 2013 were $3,594.1 million, an increase of $259.9 million or 7.8%, compared with net sales of $3,334.2 million in 2012. Net sales for the Electronic Instruments Group
(“EIG”) were $2,034.6 million in 2013, an increase of 8.7% from net sales of $1,872.6 million in 2012. Net sales for the Electromechanical Group (“EMG”) were $1,559.5 million in 2013, an increase of 6.7% from net
sales of $1,461.7 million in 2012. The increase in net sales was attributable to higher order rates, as well as the impact of the acquisitions mentioned above. The net sales increase for 2013 included internal sales growth of approximately 2%.
Foreign currency translation was flat period over period.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Total international sales for 2013 were $1,984.5 million or 55.2% of
net sales, an increase of $276.9 million or 16.2%, compared with international sales of $1,707.6 million or 51.2% of net sales in 2012. The $276.9 million increase in international sales resulted from the acquisitions mentioned above,
primarily driven by Dunkermotoren and Micro-Poise, and includes the effect of foreign currency translation. Both reportable segments of the Company maintain strong international sales presences in Europe and Asia. Export shipments from the United
States, which are included in total international sales, were $1,037.0 million in 2013, an increase of $174.4 million or 20.2%, compared with $862.6 million in 2012. Export shipments improved due to increased exports from the 2013 and
2012 acquisitions noted above, excluding Creaform and Dunkermotoren.    New orders for 2013 were a record at
$3,621.9 million, an increase of $86.8 million or 2.5%, compared with $3,535.1 million in 2012. The increase in orders was primarily attributable to 2013 and 2012 acquisitions. As a result, the Company’s backlog of unfilled
orders at December 31, 2013 was $1,140.0 million, an increase of $27.7 million or 2.5%, compared with $1,112.3 million at December 31, 2012.  
 Segment operating income for 2013 was $861.5 million, an increase of $72.2 million or 9.1%, compared with
segment operating income of $789.3 million in 2012. The increase in segment operating income resulted primarily from the acquisitions mentioned above, as well as the benefits of the Company’s lower cost structure through Operational
Excellence initiatives. Segment operating income, as a percentage of net sales, increased to 24.0% in 2013, compared with 23.7% in 2012. The increase in segment operating margins resulted primarily from the benefits of the Company’s lower cost
structure through Operational Excellence initiatives.    Selling, general and administrative
(“SG&A”) expenses for 2013 were $398.2 million, an increase of $17.7 million or 4.7%, compared with $380.5 million in 2012. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses were 11.1% for 2013, compared with 11.4% in
2012. Selling expenses increased $14.8 million or 4.4% for 2013 primarily driven by the increase in net sales noted above. Selling expenses, as a percentage of net sales, decreased to 9.8% for 2013, compared with 10.1% in 2012. Base business
selling expenses decreased approximately 2% for 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to cost containment initiatives.    Corporate administrative expenses for 2013 were $46.0 million, an increase of $2.9 million or 6.7%, compared with $43.1 million in 2012. The increase in corporate administrative expenses
was primarily driven by higher consulting and professional fees. As a percentage of net sales, corporate administrative expenses were 1.3% for both 2013 and 2012.  
 Consolidated operating income was $815.1 million or 22.7% of net sales for 2013, an increase of $69.2 million
or 9.3%, compared with $745.9 million or 22.4% of net sales in 2012.    Interest expense was
$73.6 million for 2013, a decrease of $1.9 million or 2.5%, compared with $75.5 million in 2012. The decrease was due to lower borrowings under revolving credit facilities.  
 Other expenses, net were $16.7 million for 2013, an increase of $8.8 million, compared with $7.9 million
in 2012. The increase was primarily driven by acquisition-related expenses and professional fees, and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency in 2013.    The effective tax rate for 2013 was 28.7%, compared with 30.7% in 2012. The effective tax rate for 2013 reflects the higher proportion of foreign earnings, which are taxed at lower rates, as well as an
improved state effective tax rate that reflects the ongoing benefit of favorable planning initiatives. In addition, the retroactive extension of the U.S. research and development (“R&D”) tax credit for calendar year 2012 was enacted on
January 2, 2013, resulting in an incremental R&D tax credit in 2013. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K  for further details.    Net income for 2013 was
$517.0 million, an increase of $57.9 million or 12.6%, compared with $459.1 million in 2012. Diluted earnings per share for 2013 were $2.10, an increase of $0.22 or 11.7%, compared with $1.88 per diluted share in 2012.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Segment Results  
 EIG’s  net sales totaled $2,034.6 million for 2013, an increase of $162.0 million or 8.7%, compared
with $1,872.6 million in 2012. The net sales increase was driven by the acquisitions of Powervar, Creaform, CSI and Micro-Poise. Internal sales growth was approximately 2%, primarily driven by increases in EIG’s process instruments
businesses. Foreign currency translation was flat period over period.    EIG’s operating income was
$552.1 million for 2013, an increase of $55.0 million or 11.1%, compared with $497.1 million in 2012. EIG’s increase in operating income was primarily due to higher sales mentioned above. EIG’s operating margins were 27.1%
of net sales for 2013, compared with 26.5% of net sales in 2012. EIG’s increase in operating margins was primarily due to the Group’s lower cost structure through Operational Excellence initiatives. EIG’s 2013 operating margins
included a $11.6 million gain on the sale of a facility recorded in third quarter, which was partially offset by incremental growth investments in the businesses recorded in the third and fourth quarters.  
 EMG’s  net sales totaled $1,559.5 million for 2013, an increase of $97.8 million or 6.7%, compared
with $1,461.7 million in 2012. The net sales increase was driven by the acquisition of Dunkermotoren. Internal sales growth was approximately 1%, driven by EMG’s floorcare and specialty motors businesses. Foreign currency translation was
flat period over period.    EMG’s operating income was $309.4 million for 2013, an increase of
$17.2 million or 5.9%, compared with $292.2 million in 2012. EMG’s increase in operating income was primarily due to higher sales mentioned above. EMG’s operating margins were 19.8% of net sales for 2013, compared with 20.0% of
net sales in 2012. EMG’s decrease in operating margins was driven by weaker performance in its differentiated businesses, including the impact of the Dunkermotoren acquisition, which has a lower operating margin than the Group’s base
businesses.    Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared with the year ended December 31, 2011
   In 2012, the Company established records for orders, sales, operating income, operating income
margins, net income, diluted earnings per share and operating cash flow. The Company achieved these results through contributions from acquisitions completed in 2012 and the acquisitions of Technical Manufacturing Corporation (“TMC”) in
December 2011, EM Test (Switzerland) GmbH and Reichert Technologies in October 2011, Coining Holding Company (“Coining”) in May 2011 and Avicenna Technology, Inc. (“Avicenna”) in April 2011, as well as our
Operational Excellence initiatives.    Net sales for 2012 were $3,334.2 million, an increase of
$344.3 million or 11.5%, compared with net sales of $2,989.9 million in 2011. Net sales for EIG were $1,872.6 million in 2012, an increase of 13.7% from net sales of $1,647.2 million in 2011. Net sales for EMG were
$1,461.7 million in 2012, an increase of 8.9% from net sales of $1,342.7 million in 2011. The increase in net sales was attributable to higher order rates, as well as the impact of the acquisitions mentioned above. The net sales increase
for 2012 included internal sales growth of approximately 1%, which excludes a 1% unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation.    Total international sales for 2012 were $1,707.6 million or 51.2% of net sales, an increase of $206.5 million or 13.8%, compared with international sales of $1,501.1 million or 50.2% of net
sales in 2011. The $206.5 million increase in international sales resulted from the acquisitions mentioned above, primarily driven by Dunkermotoren, and includes the effect of foreign currency translation. Both reportable segments of the
Company maintain strong international sales presences in Europe and Asia despite weakness in the global economy. Export shipments from the United States, which are included in total international sales, were $862.6 million in 2012, an increase
of $87.7 million or 11.3%, compared with $774.9 million in 2011. Export shipments improved due to increased exports from the 2012 and 2011 acquisitions noted above, excluding Dunkermotoren and EM Test.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  New orders for 2012 were a record at $3,535.1 million, an increase of
$462.6 million or 15.1%, compared with $3,072.5 million in 2011. The increase in orders was primarily attributable to 2012 and 2011 acquisitions, excluding a 1% unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation. As a result, the
Company’s backlog of unfilled orders at December 31, 2012 was a record at $1,112.3 million, an increase of $200.9 million or 22.0%, compared with $911.4 million at December 31, 2011.  
 Segment operating income for 2012 was $789.3 million, an increase of $106.4 million or 15.6%, compared with
segment operating income of $682.9 million in 2011. Segment operating income, as a percentage of net sales, increased to 23.7% in 2012, compared with 22.8% in 2011. The increase in segment operating income and segment operating margins resulted
primarily from the benefits of the Company’s lower cost structure through Operational Excellence initiatives.    SG&A expenses for 2012 were $380.5 million, an increase of $31.2 million or 8.9%, compared with $349.3 million in 2011. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses were 11.4% for
2012, compared with 11.7% in 2011. Selling expenses increased $34.7 million or 11.4% for 2012 primarily driven by the increase in net sales noted above. Selling expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 10.1% for both 2012 and 2011. Base
business selling expenses were essentially flat year over year, which was in line with internal sales growth.  
 Corporate administrative expenses for 2012 were $43.1 million, a decrease of $3.5 million or 7.5%, compared
with $46.6 million in 2011. The decrease in corporate administrative expenses was primarily driven by lower consulting and  compensation-related  expenses. As a percentage of net sales, corporate
administrative expenses were 1.3% for 2012, compared with 1.6% in 2011.    Consolidated operating income was
$745.9 million or 22.4% of net sales for 2012, an increase of $110.0 million or 17.3%, compared with $635.9 million or 21.3% of net sales in 2011.  
 Interest expense was $75.5 million for 2012, an increase of $5.8 million or 8.3%, compared with
$69.7 million in 2011. The increase was due to higher borrowings under revolving credit facilities and higher fees associated with the full year impact of the revolving credit facility signed in September 2011 primarily for the acquisitions
previously mentioned, as well as the full year impact of the issuance of a 55 million Swiss franc senior note in the fourth quarter of 2011.    Other expenses, net were $7.9 million for 2012, a decrease of $1.7 million, compared with $9.6 million in 2011. The decrease was primarily driven by higher investment income, a favorable
impact from foreign currency in 2012 and the  non-recurrence  of costs incurred to demolish a vacant facility in 2011.    The effective tax rate for 2012 was 30.7%, compared with 30.9% in 2011. The effective tax rate for 2012 and 2011 includes the impact of international statutory tax rate reductions and the ongoing benefits
obtained from international tax planning initiatives. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for further details.
   Net income for 2012 was $459.1 million, an increase of $74.6 million or 19.4%, compared with
$384.5 million in 2011. Diluted earnings per share for 2012 were $1.88, an increase of $0.30 or 19.0%, compared with $1.58 per diluted share in 2011.    Segment Results    EIG’s  net sales
totaled $1,872.6 million for 2012, an increase of $225.4 million or 13.7%, compared with $1,647.2 million in 2011. The net sales increase was due to internal sales growth of approximately 3%, excluding an unfavorable 1% effect of
foreign currency translation, primarily driven by increases in EIG’s oil and gas, aerospace and power businesses. The acquisitions of Micro-Poise, O’Brien, TMC, EM Test and Reichert Technologies accounted for the remainder of the net sales
increase.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EIG’s operating income was $497.1 million for 2012, an increase of
$76.9 million or 18.3%, compared with $420.2 million in 2011. EIG’s operating margins were 26.5% of net sales for 2012, compared with 25.5% of net sales in 2011. The increase in segment operating income and operating margins was
driven by the leveraged impact of the Group’s increase in internal sales growth noted above, as well as the benefit of the Group’s lower cost structure through Operational Excellence initiatives.  
 EMG’s  net sales totaled $1,461.7 million for 2012, an increase of $119.0 million or 8.9%, compared
with $1,342.7 million in 2011. The net sales increase was due to the acquisitions of Dunkermotoren, Coining and Avicenna, partially offset by an internal sales decline of 1% and an unfavorable 1% effect of foreign currency translation.
   EMG’s operating income was $292.2 million for 2012, an increase of $29.5 million or 11.2%,
compared with $262.7 million in 2011. EMG’s operating margins were 20.0% of net sales for 2012, compared with 19.6% of net sales in 2011. EMG’s increase in operating income and operating margins was primarily due to the benefit of the
Group’s lower cost structure through Operational Excellence initiatives.    Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 Cash provided by operating activities totaled $660.7 million in 2013, an increase of $48.2 million or 7.9%,
compared with $612.5 million in 2012. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the $57.9 million increase in net income. Free cash flow (cash flow provided by operating activities less capital
expenditures) was $597.4 million in 2013, compared with $555.1 million in 2012. EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization) was $916.3 million in 2013, compared with $842.7 million in 2012. Free
cash flow and EBITDA are presented because the Company is aware that they are measures used by third parties in evaluating the Company. (See the “Notes to Selected Financial Data” included in Item 6 in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for a reconciliation of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) measures to comparable  non-GAAP  measures).  
 Cash used for investing activities totaled $460.3 million in 2013, compared with $803.7 million in 2012. In
2013, the Company paid $414.3 million, net of cash acquired, to acquire CSI in August 2013, Creaform in October 2013 and Powervar in December 2013. In 2012, the Company paid $747.7 million, net of cash acquired, to acquire
O’Brien in January 2012, Dunkermotoren in May 2012, Micro-Poise in October 2012, and ACI, Avtech, Sunpower and Crystal Engineering in December 2012. In 2013, the Company received $12.8 million for the sale of a facility.
Additions to property, plant and equipment totaled $63.3 million in 2013, compared with $57.4 million in 2012.    Cash used for financing activities totaled $70.3 million in 2013, compared with $174.5 million of cash provided by financing activities in 2012. In 2013, net total borrowings decreased by
$44.9 million, compared with a net total borrowings increase of $177.9 million in 2012. In 2013, the Company repurchased approximately 206,000 shares of its common stock for $8.5 million, compared with $4.6 million used for
repurchases of approximately 141,000 shares of the Company’s common stock in 2012. At December 31, 2013, $92.4 million was available under the Board authorization for future share repurchases.  
 The Company has a revolving credit facility with a total borrowing capacity of $700 million, which excludes an
accordion feature that permits the Company to request up to an additional $200 million in revolving credit commitments at any time during the life of the revolving credit agreement under certain conditions. The revolving credit facility was
amended in December 2013 and now expires in December 2018. Interest rates on outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility are at the applicable benchmark rate plus a negotiated spread or at the U.S. prime rate. The revolving credit
facility provides the Company with additional financial flexibility to support its growth plans, including its successful acquisition strategy. At December 31, 2013, the Company had available borrowing capacity of $587.0 million under its
revolving credit facility, including the $200 million accordion feature.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  At December 31, 2013, total debt outstanding was $1,415.1 million,
compared with $1,453.8 million at December 31, 2012, with no significant maturities until 2015. The debt-to-capital ratio was 31.1% at December 31, 2013, compared with 36.4% at December 31, 2012. The net debt-to-capital ratio
(total debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by the sum of net debt and stockholders’ equity) was 26.3% at December 31, 2013, compared with 33.8% at December 31, 2012. The net debt-to-capital ratio is presented because the
Company is aware that this measure is used by third parties in evaluating the Company. (See the “Notes to Selected Financial Data” included in Item 6 in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for
a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP measures to comparable  non-GAAP  measures).    Additional financing activities for 2013 include cash dividends paid of $58.4 million, compared with $53.1 million in 2012. Proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options were $26.1
million in 2013, compared with $39.4 million in 2012.    As a result of all of the Company’s cash flow
activities in 2013, cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2013 totaled $295.2 million, compared with $158.0 million at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2013, the Company had $291.4 million in cash outside the
United States, compared with $150.6 million at December 31, 2012. The Company utilizes this cash to operate its international operations, as well as acquire international businesses. In October 2013, the Company acquired a Canadian
company, Creaform, Inc., for approximately 125 million Canadian dollars (approximately $120 million). The Company is in compliance with all covenants, including financial covenants, for all of its debt agreements. The Company believes it
has sufficient cash-generating capabilities from domestic and unrestricted foreign sources, available credit facilities and access to long-term capital funds to enable it to meet its operating needs and contractual obligations in the foreseeable
future.    The following table summarizes AMETEK’s contractual cash obligations and the effect such
obligations are expected to have on the Company’s liquidity and cash flows in future years at December 31, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments Due 
   
 
   Contractual Obligations(1) 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less Than One Year 
   
    
 One to Three Years 
   
    
 Four to Five Years 
   
    
 After Five Years 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Long-term debt(2) 
    
 $ 
 1,129.5 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 260.1 
    
    
 $ 
 575.0 
    
    
 $ 
 294.4 
    
 
   Revolving credit loans(3) 
    
   
 268.3 
    
    
   
 268.3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Capital lease(4) 
    
   
 9.5 
    
    
   
 1.1 
    
    
   
 2.3 
    
    
   
 6.1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other indebtedness 
    
   
 7.8 
    
    
   
 3.9 
    
    
   
 1.5 
    
    
   
 2.4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 1,415.1 
    
    
   
 273.3 
    
    
   
 263.9 
    
    
   
 583.5 
    
    
   
 294.4 
    
 
   Interest on long-term fixed-rate debt 
    
   
 289.7 
    
    
   
 67.3 
    
    
   
 120.4 
    
    
   
 81.0 
    
    
   
 21.0 
    
 
   Noncancellable operating leases(5) 
    
   
 155.9 
    
    
   
 32.9 
    
    
   
 45.4 
    
    
   
 24.0 
    
    
   
 53.6 
    
 
   Purchase obligations(6) 
    
   
 335.0 
    
    
   
 304.9 
    
    
   
 30.0 
    
    
   
 0.1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Employee severance and other 
    
   
 7.7 
    
    
   
 6.9 
    
    
   
 0.8 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,203.4 
    
    
 $ 
 685.3 
    
    
 $ 
 460.5 
    
    
 $ 
 688.6 
    
    
 $ 
 369.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   The liability for uncertain tax positions was not included in the table of contractual obligations as of December 31, 2013 because the timing
of the settlements of these uncertain tax positions cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K  for further details.      
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes the $450 million private placement completed in 2007 and the $350 million private placement completed in 2008.
 
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (3) 
   Although not contractually obligated, the Company expects to have the capability to repay the revolving credit loan within one year as permitted in
the credit agreement. Accordingly, $268.3 million was classified as short-term debt at December 31, 2013.      
 
 
 (4) 
   Represents a capital lease for a building and land associated with the Cameca SAS acquisition. The lease has a term of 12 years, which
began in July 2006, and is payable quarterly.      
 
 
 (5) 
   The leases expire over a range of years from 2014 to 2082 with renewal or purchase options, subject to various terms and conditions, contained in
most of the leases.      
 
 
 (6) 
   Purchase obligations primarily consist of contractual commitments to purchase certain inventories at fixed prices.  
 Other Commitments    The Company has standby letters of credit and surety bonds of $51.3 million related to performance and payment guarantees at December 31, 2013. Based on experience with these arrangements, the
Company believes that any obligations that may arise will not be material to its financial position.    Critical Accounting Policies
   The Company has identified its critical accounting policies as those accounting policies that can have a
significant impact on the presentation of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations and that require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management’s judgment. Because of the
uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ materially from the estimates used. The consolidated financial statements and related notes contain information that is pertinent to the Company’s accounting policies and to
Management’s Discussion and Analysis. The information that follows represents additional specific disclosures about the Company’s accounting policies regarding risks, estimates, subjective decisions or assessments whereby materially
different financial condition and results of operations could have been reported had different assumptions been used or different conditions existed. Primary disclosure of the Company’s significant accounting policies is in Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Revenue Recognition.     The Company recognizes revenue on product sales in the period when the sales process is complete.
This generally occurs when products are shipped to the customer in accordance with terms of an agreement of sale, under which title and risk of loss have been transferred, collectability is reasonably assured and pricing is fixed or determinable.
For a small percentage of sales where title and risk of loss passes at point of delivery, the Company recognizes revenue upon delivery to the customer, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition are met. The Company’s policy, with
respect to sales returns and allowances generally provides that the customer may not return products or be given allowances, except at the Company’s option. The Company has agreements with distributors that do not provide expanded rights of
return for unsold products. The distributor purchases the product from the Company, at which time title and risk of loss transfers to the distributor. The Company does not offer substantial sales incentives and credits to its distributors other than
volume discounts. The Company accounts for the sales incentive as a reduction of revenues when the sale is recognized. Accruals for sales returns, other allowances and estimated warranty costs are provided at the time revenue is recognized based
upon past experience. At December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the accrual for future warranty obligations was $28.0 million, $27.8 million and $22.5 million, respectively. The Company’s expense for warranty obligations was
$8.6 million, $10.1 million and $13.2 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The warranty periods for products sold vary widely among the Company’s operations, but for the most part do not exceed one year. The Company
calculates its warranty expense provision based on past warranty experience and adjustments are made periodically to reflect actual warranty expenses. If actual future sales returns and allowances and warranty amounts are higher than past
experience, additional accruals may be required.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accounts Receivable.     The Company maintains allowances for estimated losses resulting from the inability of specific
customers to meet their financial obligations to the Company. A specific reserve for bad debts is recorded against the amount due from these customers. For all other customers, the Company recognizes reserves for bad debts based on the length of
time specific receivables are past due based on its historical experience. If the financial condition of the Company’s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. The
allowance for possible losses on receivables was $9.5 million and $10.8 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inventories.     The Company uses the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method of accounting, which approximates
current replacement cost, for approximately 80% of its inventories at December 31, 2013. The last-in,  first-out  (“LIFO”) method of accounting is used to determine cost for the remaining 20% of
its inventory at December 31, 2013. For inventories where cost is determined by the LIFO method, the FIFO value would have been $23.3 million and $25.4 million higher than the LIFO value reported in the consolidated balance sheet at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company provides estimated inventory reserves for slow-moving and obsolete inventory based on current assessments about future demand, market conditions, customers who may be experiencing financial
difficulties and related management initiatives. If these factors are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory reserves may be required.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.     Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, primarily trademarks
and trade names, are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually. For the purpose of the goodwill impairment test, the Company can elect to perform a qualitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that
the fair values of its reporting units are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units. The Company elected to bypass performing the qualitative screen and went directly to performing the first step quantitative analysis of the
goodwill impairment test in the current year. The Company may elect to perform the qualitative analysis in future periods. The first step in the quantitative process is to compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s net assets to the
fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, then the second step must be completed, which
involves allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to each asset and liability, with the excess being implied goodwill. An impairment loss occurs if the amount of the recorded goodwill exceeds the implied goodwill. The Company would be
required to record any such impairment losses.    The Company identifies its reporting units
at the component level, which is one level below our operating segments. Generally, goodwill arises from acquisitions of specific operating companies and is assigned to the reporting unit in which a particular operating company resides. Our
reporting units are composed of the business units one level below our operating segment at which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management.  
 The Company principally relies on a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of each reporting unit,
which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate. The Company believes that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of its reporting units in a sale transaction. The
annual goodwill impairment test requires the Company to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization and working capital requirements, which are based upon the
Company’s  long-range  plan. The Company’s long-range plan is updated as part of its annual planning process and is reviewed and approved by management. The discount rate is an estimate of the overall
after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both equity and debt, including a risk premium. While the Company uses the best available information to prepare its cash flow and discount
rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances. While  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, the Company’s overall methodology and the population of assumptions used have remained unchanged.
In order to evaluate the sensitivity of the goodwill impairment test to changes in the fair value calculations, the Company applied a hypothetical 10% decrease in fair values of each reporting unit. The 2013 results (expressed as a percentage of
carrying value for the respective reporting unit) showed that, despite the hypothetical 10% decrease in fair value, the fair values of the Company’s reporting units still exceeded their respective carrying values by 1% to 555% for each of the
Company’s reporting units.    The impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill
(primarily trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. The Company can elect to perform a qualitative analysis
to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of its indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than the respective carrying values of those assets. The Company elected to bypass performing the qualitative screen. The Company may
elect to perform the qualitative analysis in future periods. The Company estimates the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method. The Company believes the relief from royalty method is a widely used
valuation technique for such assets. The fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trademarks and trade names and not having to pay a royalty for their use.
   The Company’s acquisitions have generally included a significant goodwill component and the Company
expects to continue to make acquisitions. At December 31, 2013, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $2,864.3 million or 48.7% of the Company’s total assets. The Company performed its required annual impairment
tests in the fourth quarter of 2013 and determined that the Company’s goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles were not impaired. There can be no assurance that goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles impairment will not occur in the future.
   Other intangible assets with finite lives are evaluated for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The carrying value of other intangible assets with finite lives is considered impaired when the total projected undiscounted cash flows from those assets are less than the carrying
value. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair market value of those assets. Fair market value is determined primarily using present value techniques based on projected cash flows from the
asset group.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Pensions.     The Company has U.S. and foreign defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. The most
significant elements in determining the Company’s pension income or expense are the assumed pension liability discount rate and the expected return on plan assets. The pension discount rate reflects the current interest rate at which the
pension liabilities could be settled at the valuation date. At the end of each year, the Company determines the assumed discount rate to be used to discount plan liabilities. In estimating this rate for 2013, the Company considered rates of return
on high-quality, fixed-income investments that have maturities consistent with the anticipated funding requirements of the plan. The discount rate used in determining the 2013 pension cost was 4.1% for U.S. defined benefit pension plans and
4.44% for foreign plans. The discount rate used for determining the funded status of the plans at December 31, 2013 and determining the 2014 defined benefit pension cost was 5.0% for U.S. plans and 4.38% for foreign plans. In estimating
the U.S. and foreign discount rates, the Company’s actuaries developed a customized discount rate appropriate to the plans’ projected benefit cash flow based on yields derived from a database of long-term bonds at consistent maturity
dates. The Company used an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for 2013 of 7.75% for U.S. defined benefit pension plans and 6.91% for foreign plans. In 2014, the Company will use 7.75% for the U.S. plans and 6.93% for the foreign
plans. The Company determines the expected long-term rate of return based primarily on its expectation of future returns for the pension plans’ investments. Additionally, the Company considers historical returns on comparable fixed-income and
equity investments, and adjusts its estimate as deemed appropriate. The rate of compensation increase used in determining the 2013 pension expense for the  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
U.S. plans was 3.75% and was 2.89% for the foreign plans. The U.S. rate of compensation increase will remain unchanged in 2014. The foreign plans’ rates of compensation increase will
increase slightly to 2.92% in 2014. In 2013, the Company recognized consolidated pre-tax pension expense of $0.8 million from its U.S. and foreign defined benefit pension plans, compared with pre-tax pension expense of $2.3 million
recognized for these plans in 2012. The Company estimates its 2014 U.S. and foreign defined benefit pension pre-tax income to be approximately $10.6 million.  
 All unrecognized prior service costs, remaining transition obligations or assets and actuarial gains and losses have been
recognized, net of tax effects, as a charge to accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders’ equity and will be amortized as a component of net periodic pension cost. The Company uses a December 31 measurement date (the date at
which plan assets and benefit obligations are measured) for its U.S. and foreign defined benefit plans.  
 To fund the plans, the Company made cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in 2013, which totaled
$5.9 million, compared with $4.3 million in 2012. The Company anticipates making approximately $4 million to $7 million in cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in 2014.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Income Taxes.     The process of providing for income taxes and determining the related balance sheet accounts requires
management to assess uncertainties, make judgments regarding outcomes and utilize estimates. The Company conducts a broad range of operations around the world and is therefore subject to complex tax regulations in numerous international taxing
jurisdictions, resulting at times in tax audits, disputes and potential litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain. Management must make judgments currently about such uncertainties and determine estimates of the Company’s tax assets and
liabilities. To the extent the final outcome differs, future adjustments to the Company’s tax assets and liabilities may be necessary.    The Company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets, taking into consideration the Company’s forecast of future taxable income, available net operating loss carryforwards and available
tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets. Based on this assessment, management must evaluate the need for, and the amount of, valuation allowances against the Company’s deferred tax assets. To the
extent facts and circumstances change in the future, adjustments to the valuation allowances may be required.  
 The Company assesses the uncertainty in its tax positions, by applying a minimum recognition threshold which a tax
position is required to meet before a tax benefit is recognized in the financial statements. Once the minimum threshold is met, using a more likely than not standard, a series of probability estimates is made for each item to properly measure and
record a tax benefit. The tax benefit recorded is generally equal to the highest probable outcome that is more than 50% likely to be realized after full disclosure and resolution of a tax examination. The underlying probabilities are determined
based on the best available objective evidence such as recent tax audit outcomes, published guidance, external expert opinion, or by analogy to the outcome of similar issues in the past. There can be no assurance that these estimates will ultimately
be realized given continuous changes in tax policy, legislation and audit practice. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements    In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)  No. 2012-02,   Testing
Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment   (“ASU 2012-02”).  The amendments in  ASU 2012-02,  similar to the amendments of  ASU No. 2011-08,   Testing Goodwill for Impairment , permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired, as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test described in FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 350,  Intangibles — Goodwill and Other .  ASU 2012-02  was effective on January 1, 2013 for the Company and the adoption did not have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
 
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In February 2013, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2013-02,   Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   (“ASU 2013-02”). 
 ASU 2013-02  requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, an entity is required to present, either on
the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under
U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income, an entity is required to cross-reference
to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts.  ASU 2013-02  was effective on January 1, 2013 for the Company. See the Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income for the Company’s disclosure reflecting these requirements.    In March 2013, the FASB
issued ASU  No. 2013-05,   Parent’s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in
a Foreign Entity   (“ASU 2013-05”).   ASU 2013-05  provides guidance for the treatment of the cumulative translation adjustment when an entity ceases
to hold a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity.  ASU 2013-05  is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2013. The Company does not expect the adoption of  ASU 2013-05  to have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2013-11 , Presentation of an
Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists   (“ASU 2013-11”). 
 ASU 2013-11  provides guidance for the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists.  ASU 2013-11  is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of  ASU 2013-11  to have a significant impact on the Company’s financial statement presentation.  
 Internal Reinvestment    Capital
Expenditures    Capital expenditures were $63.3 million or 1.8% of net sales in 2013, compared with
$57.4 million or 1.7% of net sales in 2012. In 2013, 57% of the expenditures were for improvements to existing equipment or additional equipment to increase productivity and expand capacity. The Company’s 2013 capital expenditures
increased due to a continuing emphasis on spending to improve productivity and expand manufacturing capabilities. Capital expenditures in 2014 are expected to approximate 1.8% of net sales, with a continued emphasis on spending to improve
productivity.    Development and Engineering    The Company is committed to research, development and engineering activities that are designed to identify and develop potential new and improved products or enhance existing products. Research,
development and engineering costs before customer reimbursement were $178.7 million, $154.8 million and $137.6 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Customer reimbursements in 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $9.2 million,
$5.0 million and $6.1 million, respectively. These amounts included net Company-funded research and development expenses of $93.9 million, $84.9 million and $78.0 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. All such
expenditures were directed toward the development of new products and processes and the improvement of existing products and processes.  
 Environmental Matters    Certain historic processes in the manufacture of products have resulted in environmentally hazardous waste by-products as defined by federal and state laws and regulations. The Company believes these
waste products  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
were handled in compliance with regulations existing at that time. At December 31, 2013, the Company is named a Potentially Responsible Party (“PRP”) at 15 non-AMETEK-owned former
waste disposal or treatment sites (the “non-owned” sites). The Company is identified as a “de minimis” party in 13 of these sites based on the low volume of waste attributed to the Company relative to the amounts attributed to
other named PRPs. In nine of these sites, the Company has reached a tentative agreement on the cost of the de minimis settlement to satisfy its obligation and is awaiting executed agreements. The tentatively agreed-to settlement amounts are
fully reserved. In the other four sites, the Company is continuing to investigate the accuracy of the alleged volume attributed to the Company as estimated by the parties primarily responsible for remedial activity at the sites to establish an
appropriate settlement amount. At the two remaining sites where the Company is a non-de minimis PRP, the Company is participating in the investigation and/or related required remediation as part of a PRP Group or investigating the PRP claim and
reserves have been established sufficient to satisfy the Company’s expected obligations. The Company historically has resolved these issues within established reserve levels and reasonably expects this result will continue. In addition to these
non-owned sites, the Company has an ongoing practice of providing reserves for probable remediation activities at certain of its current or previously owned manufacturing locations (the “owned” sites). For claims and proceedings against
the Company with respect to other environmental matters, reserves are established once the Company has determined that a loss is probable and estimable. This estimate is refined as the Company moves through the various stages of investigation, risk
assessment, feasibility study and corrective action processes. In certain instances, the Company has developed a range of estimates for such costs and has recorded a liability based on the low end of the range. It is reasonably possible that the
actual cost of remediation of the individual sites could vary from the current estimates and the amounts accrued in the consolidated financial statements; however, the amounts of such variances are not expected to result in a material change to the
consolidated financial statements. In estimating the Company’s liability for remediation, the Company also considers the likely proportionate share of the anticipated remediation expense and the ability of the other PRPs to fulfill their
obligations.    Total environmental reserves at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $21.9 million and
$23.6 million, respectively, for both non-owned and owned sites. In 2013, the Company recorded $1.6 million in reserves. Additionally, the Company spent $3.3 million on environmental matters in 2013. The Company’s reserves for
environmental liabilities at December 31, 2013 and 2012 include reserves of $13.3 million and $14.7 million, respectively, for an owned site acquired in connection with the 2005 acquisition of HCC Industries (“HCC”). The
Company is the designated performing party for the performance of remedial activities for one of several operating units making up a Superfund site in the San Gabriel Valley of California. The Company has obtained indemnifications and other
financial assurances from the former owners of HCC related to the costs of the required remedial activities. At December 31, 2013, the Company had $11.3 million in receivables related to HCC for probable recoveries from third-party escrow
funds and other committed third-party funds to support the required remediation. Also, the Company is indemnified by HCC’s former owners for approximately $19.0 million of additional costs.  
 The Company has agreements with other former owners of certain of its acquired businesses, as well as new owners of
previously owned businesses. Under certain of the agreements, the former or new owners retained, or assumed and agreed to indemnify the Company against, certain environmental and other liabilities under certain circumstances. The Company and some of
these other parties also carry insurance coverage for some environmental matters. To date, these parties have met their obligations in all material respects.    The Company believes it has established reserves which are sufficient to perform all known responsibilities under existing claims and consent orders. The Company has no reason to believe that other third
parties would fail to perform their obligations in the future. In the opinion of management, based upon presently available information and past experience related to such matters, an adequate provision for probable costs has been made and the
ultimate cost resulting from these actions is not expected to materially affect the consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows of the Company.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Market Risk    The Company’s primary exposures to market risk are fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices, which could impact its financial condition and results of
operations. The Company addresses its exposure to these risks through its normal operating and financing activities. The Company’s differentiated and global business activities help to reduce the impact that any particular market risk may have
on its operating income as a whole.    The Company’s short-term debt carries variable interest rates and
generally its long-term debt carries fixed rates. These financial instruments are more fully described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.     The foreign currencies to which the Company has the most
significant exchange rate exposure are the Euro, the British pound, the Japanese Yen, the Chinese renminbi, the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso. Exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuation is monitored, and when possible, mitigated through
the use of local borrowings and occasional derivative financial instruments in the foreign country affected. The effect of translating foreign subsidiaries’ balance sheets into U.S. dollars is included in other comprehensive income within
stockholders’ equity. Foreign currency transactions have not had a significant effect on the operating results reported by the Company because revenues and costs associated with the revenues are generally transacted in the same foreign
currencies.    The primary commodities to which the Company has market exposure are raw material purchases of
nickel, aluminum, copper, steel, titanium and gold. Exposure to price changes in these commodities are generally mitigated through adjustments in selling prices of the ultimate product and purchase order pricing arrangements, although forward
contracts are sometimes used to manage some of those exposures.    Based on a hypothetical ten percent adverse
movement in interest rates, commodity prices or foreign currency exchange rates, the Company’s best estimate is that the potential losses in future earnings, fair value of risk-sensitive financial instruments and cash flows are not material,
although the actual effects may differ materially from the hypothetical analysis.    Forward-Looking Information  
 Certain matters discussed in this  Form 10-K  are “forward-looking
statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (“PSLRA”), which involve risk and uncertainties that exist in the Company’s operations and business environment and can be affected by inaccurate
assumptions, or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many such factors will be important in determining the Company’s actual future results. The Company wishes to take advantage of the “safe harbor” provisions of the PSLRA by
cautioning readers that numerous important factors, in some cases have caused, and in the future could cause, the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the
Company. Some, but not all, of the factors or uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from present expectations are set forth above and under Item 1A. Risk Factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless required by the securities laws to do so.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
 Information concerning market risk is set forth under the heading “Market Risk” in Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein.  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Index to Financial Statements (Item 15(a) 1) 
    
 
 
 
 
   Reports of Management 
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 38 
    
 
   Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 40 
    
 
   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 41 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 42 
    
 
   Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
    
   
 43 
    
 
   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 44 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 45 
    
   Financial Statement Schedules (Item 15(a) 2)  
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is
included in the financial statements or the notes thereto.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Management’s Responsibility for Financial Statements  
 Management has prepared and is responsible for the integrity of the consolidated financial statements and related
information. The statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and include certain amounts based on management’s best estimates and judgments. Historical financial information
elsewhere in this report is consistent with that in the financial statements.    In meeting its responsibility
for the reliability of the financial information, management maintains a system of internal accounting and disclosure controls, including an internal audit program. The system of controls provides for appropriate division of responsibility and the
application of written policies and procedures. That system, which undergoes continual reevaluation, is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and records are adequate for the preparation of reliable financial data.
   Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. We maintain a system of internal controls that is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the fair and reliable preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements; however, there are inherent limitations in the
effectiveness of any system of internal controls.    Management recognizes its responsibility for conducting the
Company’s activities according to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct. That responsibility is characterized and reflected in a code of business conduct for all employees and in a financial code of ethics for the Chief
Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, as well as in other key policy statements publicized throughout the Company.    The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors who are not employees of the Company, meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, the
internal auditors and management to satisfy itself that each is properly discharging its responsibilities. The report of the Audit Committee is included in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Both the
independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors have direct access to the Audit Committee.    The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, is engaged to render an opinion as to whether management’s financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the Company’s financial position and operating results. This report is included herein.    Management’s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    Management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act  Rules 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f).  Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2013 based on the framework in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 1992). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013.    The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein.  
 AMETEK, Inc.    February 26, 2014
 
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
   ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of AMETEK, Inc.:  
 We have audited AMETEK, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on
criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the COSO criteria). AMETEK, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying  Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting .
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our opinion, AMETEK, Inc.
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the COSO criteria.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of AMETEK, Inc. as of December 31, 2013 and
2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013, and our report dated February 26, 2014 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP  
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania    February 26,
2014  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of AMETEK, Inc.:    We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AMETEK, Inc. as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AMETEK, Inc. at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have
audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), AMETEK, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control
— Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated February 26, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania    February 26, 2014  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statement of Income  
  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 3,594,136 
    
   
 $ 
 3,334,213 
    
   
 $ 
 2,989,914 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales, excluding depreciation 
    
   
 2,323,642 
    
   
   
 2,154,132 
    
   
   
 1,955,779 
    
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
    
   
 398,177 
    
   
   
 380,532 
    
   
   
 349,321 
    
 
   Depreciation 
    
   
 57,238 
    
   
   
 53,677 
    
   
   
 48,873 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 2,779,057 
    
   
   
 2,588,341 
    
   
   
 2,353,973 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 815,079 
    
   
   
 745,872 
    
   
   
 635,941 
    
 
   Other expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (73,572 
 )  
   
   
 (75,472 
 )  
   
   
 (69,729 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (16,712 
 )  
   
   
 (7,925 
 )  
   
   
 (9,570 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 724,795 
    
   
   
 662,475 
    
   
   
 556,642 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 207,796 
    
   
   
 203,343 
    
   
   
 172,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 516,999 
    
   
 $ 
 459,132 
    
   
 $ 
 384,464 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 2.12 
    
   
 $ 
 1.90 
    
   
 $ 
 1.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 2.10 
    
   
 $ 
 1.88 
    
   
 $ 
 1.58 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic shares 
    
   
 243,915 
    
   
   
 241,512 
    
   
   
 240,383 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted shares 
    
   
 246,065 
    
   
   
 243,986 
    
   
   
 243,161 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
  (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 516,999 
    
   
 $ 
 459,132 
    
   
 $ 
 384,464 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts arising during the period — gains (losses), net of tax (expense) benefit: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Translation adjustments 
    
   
 2,550 
    
   
   
 17,722 
    
   
   
 (12,465 
 )  
 
   Change in long-term intercompany notes 
    
   
 25,047 
    
   
   
 6,926 
    
   
   
 (4,624 
 )  
 
   Net investment hedges, net of tax of ($1,587), ($1,416) and $221 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 2,938 
    
   
   
 2,629 
    
   
   
 (410 
 )  
 
   Defined benefit pension plans: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial gain (loss), net of tax of ($28,884), $15,222 and $28,505 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 47,498 
    
   
   
 (30,509 
 )  
   
   
 (50,582 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax of ($5,038), ($4,598) and ($1,358) in 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively 
    
   
 8,446 
    
   
   
 7,563 
    
   
   
 2,914 
    
 
   Amortization of prior service costs, net of tax of ($66), ($441) and ($30) in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 (174 
 )  
   
   
 1,541 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   Unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gain (loss), net of tax of ($114), $33 and ($92) in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 (214 
 )  
   
   
 61 
    
   
   
 (171 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 86,091 
    
   
   
 5,933 
    
   
   
 (65,305 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 603,090 
    
   
 $ 
 465,065 
    
   
 $ 
 319,159 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
  Consolidated Balance Sheet  
  (In thousands, except share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 295,203 
    
   
 $ 
 157,984 
    
 
   Receivables, less allowance for possible losses 
    
   
 536,701 
    
   
   
 507,850 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 452,848 
    
   
   
 428,935 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 38,815 
    
   
   
 33,301 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 45,562 
    
   
   
 36,673 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 1,369,129 
    
   
   
 1,164,743 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 402,790 
    
   
   
 383,483 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 2,408,363 
    
   
   
 2,208,239 
    
 
   Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization 
    
   
 1,473,926 
    
   
   
 1,309,727 
    
 
   Investments and other assets 
    
   
 223,694 
    
   
   
 123,864 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 5,877,902 
    
   
 $ 
 5,190,056 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 273,315 
    
   
 $ 
 320,654 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 347,638 
    
   
   
 321,183 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 40,007 
    
   
   
 40,598 
    
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 213,585 
    
   
   
 197,534 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 874,545 
    
   
   
 879,969 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 1,141,750 
    
   
   
 1,133,121 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 558,555 
    
   
   
 482,852 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 166,931 
    
   
   
 158,963 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 2,741,781 
    
   
   
 2,654,905 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; authorized: 5,000,000 shares; none issued 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value; authorized: 800,000,000 shares; issued: 2013 — 257,984,830 shares; 2012 — 256,451,866
shares 
    
   
 2,581 
    
   
   
 2,565 
    
 
   Capital in excess of par value 
    
   
 448,700 
    
   
   
 387,871 
    
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 2,966,015 
    
   
   
 2,507,419 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (65,239 
 )  
   
   
 (151,330 
 )  
 
   Treasury stock: 2013 — 12,978,377 shares; 2012 — 13,056,595 shares 
    
   
 (215,936 
 )  
   
   
 (211,374 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 3,136,121 
    
   
   
 2,535,151 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 5,877,902 
    
   
 $ 
 5,190,056 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity  
  (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Capital Stock 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 2,565 
    
   
   
 2,538 
    
   
   
 2,521 
    
 
   Shares issued 
    
   
 16 
    
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 2,581 
    
   
   
 2,565 
    
   
   
 2,538 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Capital in Excess of Par Value 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 387,871 
    
   
   
 315,688 
    
   
   
 262,450 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans 
    
   
 23,053 
    
   
   
 37,829 
    
   
   
 18,035 
    
 
   Share-based compensation costs 
    
   
 21,591 
    
   
   
 19,384 
    
   
   
 22,147 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from exercise of stock options 
    
   
 16,185 
    
   
   
 14,970 
    
   
   
 13,056 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 448,700 
    
   
   
 387,871 
    
   
   
 315,688 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Retained Earnings 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 2,507,419 
    
   
   
 2,101,615 
    
   
   
 1,755,742 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 516,999 
    
   
   
 459,132 
    
   
   
 384,464 
    
 
   Cash dividends paid 
    
   
 (58,405 
 )  
   
   
 (53,083 
 )  
   
   
 (38,366 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (245 
 )  
   
   
 (225 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 2,966,015 
    
   
   
 2,507,419 
    
   
   
 2,101,615 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 (31,624 
 )  
   
   
 (58,901 
 )  
   
   
 (41,402 
 )  
 
   Translation adjustments 
    
   
 2,550 
    
   
   
 17,722 
    
   
   
 (12,465 
 )  
 
   Change in long-term intercompany notes 
    
   
 25,047 
    
   
   
 6,926 
    
   
   
 (4,624 
 )  
 
   Net investment hedges, net of tax of ($1,587), ($1,416) and $221 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 2,938 
    
   
   
 2,629 
    
   
   
 (410 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 (1,089 
 )  
   
   
 (31,624 
 )  
   
   
 (58,901 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Defined benefit pension plans: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 (119,838 
 )  
   
   
 (98,433 
 )  
   
   
 (50,798 
 )  
 
   Net actuarial gain (loss), net of tax of ($28,884), $15,222 and $28,505 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 47,498 
    
   
   
 (30,509 
 )  
   
   
 (50,582 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax of ($5,038), ($4,598) and ($1,358) in 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively 
    
   
 8,446 
    
   
   
 7,563 
    
   
   
 2,914 
    
 
   Amortization of prior service costs, net of tax of ($66), ($441) and ($30) in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 (174 
 )  
   
   
 1,541 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 (64,068 
 )  
   
   
 (119,838 
 )  
   
   
 (98,433 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 132 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 242 
    
 
   Increase (decrease) during the year, net of tax 
    
   
 (214 
 )  
   
   
 61 
    
   
   
 (171 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 132 
    
   
   
 71 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss at the end of the year 
    
   
 (65,239 
 )  
   
   
 (151,330 
 )  
   
   
 (157,263 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Treasury Stock 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 (211,374 
 )  
   
   
 (209,773 
 )  
   
   
 (153,551 
 )  
 
   Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans 
    
   
 3,905 
    
   
   
 3,041 
    
   
   
 3,114 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
    
   
 (8,467 
 )  
   
   
 (4,642 
 )  
   
   
 (59,336 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
   
 (215,936 
 )  
   
   
 (211,374 
 )  
   
   
 (209,773 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Stockholders’ Equity 
    
 $ 
 3,136,121 
    
   
 $ 
 2,535,151 
    
   
 $ 
 2,052,805 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
  (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Cash provided by (used for): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 516,999 
    
   
 $ 
 459,132 
    
   
 $ 
 384,464 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to total operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 118,657 
    
   
   
 105,471 
    
   
   
 86,532 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 1,414 
    
   
   
 3,552 
    
   
   
 12,154 
    
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
    
   
 21,591 
    
   
   
 19,384 
    
   
   
 22,147 
    
 
   Gain on sale of facility 
    
   
 (11,590 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Decrease (increase) in receivables 
    
   
 5,247 
    
   
   
 (4,225 
 )  
   
   
 (12,450 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in inventories and other current assets 
    
   
 (1,790 
 )  
   
   
 29,555 
    
   
   
 (11,923 
 )  
 
   Increase (decrease) in payables, accruals and income taxes 
    
   
 7,951 
    
   
   
 (10,304 
 )  
   
   
 28,053 
    
 
   Increase in other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 9,702 
    
   
   
 9,535 
    
   
   
 550 
    
 
   Pension contribution 
    
   
 (5,856 
 )  
   
   
 (4,292 
 )  
   
   
 (5,386 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1,666 
 )  
   
   
 4,656 
    
   
   
 4,424 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating activities 
    
   
 660,659 
    
   
   
 612,464 
    
   
   
 508,565 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Additions to property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (63,314 
 )  
   
   
 (57,427 
 )  
   
   
 (50,816 
 )  
 
   Purchases of businesses, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 (414,315 
 )  
   
   
 (747,675 
 )  
   
   
 (474,441 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of facility 
    
   
 12,799 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 4,497 
    
   
   
 1,371 
    
   
   
 (1,196 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total investing activities 
    
   
 (460,333 
 )  
   
   
 (803,731 
 )  
   
   
 (526,453 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net change in short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (45,186 
 )  
   
   
 179,426 
    
   
   
 41,550 
    
 
   Additional long-term borrowings 
    
   
 872 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 58,981 
    
 
   Reduction in long-term borrowings 
    
   
 (617 
 )  
   
   
 (1,539 
 )  
   
   
 (1,463 
 )  
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
    
   
 (8,467 
 )  
   
   
 (4,642 
 )  
   
   
 (59,336 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends paid 
    
   
 (58,405 
 )  
   
   
 (53,083 
 )  
   
   
 (38,366 
 )  
 
   Excess tax benefits from share-based payments 
    
   
 16,185 
    
   
   
 14,970 
    
   
   
 13,056 
    
 
   Proceeds from employee stock plans and other 
    
   
 25,334 
    
   
   
 39,407 
    
   
   
 17,436 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total financing activities 
    
   
 (70,284 
 )  
   
   
 174,539 
    
   
   
 31,858 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 7,177 
    
   
   
 4,320 
    
   
   
 (6,786 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 137,219 
    
   
   
 (12,408 
 )  
   
   
 7,184 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of year 
    
   
 157,984 
    
   
   
 170,392 
    
   
   
 163,208 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   End of year 
    
 $ 
 295,203 
    
   
 $ 
 157,984 
    
   
 $ 
 170,392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AMETEK, Inc.  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    

 
 
 1. 
   Significant Accounting Policies  
  Basis of Consolidation    The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of AMETEK, Inc. (the “Company”), and include the accounts of the Company
and subsidiaries, after elimination of all intercompany transactions in the consolidation. The Company’s investments in 50% or less owned joint ventures are accounted for by the equity method of accounting. Such investments are not significant
to the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Cash Equivalents, Securities and Other Investments    All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company’s investment in a fixed-income
mutual fund (held by its captive insurance subsidiary) is classified as “available-for-sale.” The aggregate market value of the fixed-income mutual fund at December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $8.2 million ($8.6 million cost
basis) and $8.3 million ($8.3 million cost basis), respectively. The temporary unrealized gain or loss on the fixed-income mutual fund is recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (in stockholders’
equity), and is not significant. Certain of the Company’s other investments, which are not significant, are also accounted for by the equity method of accounting as discussed above.    Accounts Receivable    The Company maintains allowances for
estimated losses resulting from the inability of specific customers to meet their financial obligations to the Company. A specific reserve for doubtful receivables is recorded against the amount due from these customers. For all other customers, the
Company recognizes reserves for doubtful receivables based on the length of time specific receivables are past due based on past experience. The allowance for possible losses on receivables was $9.5 million and $10.8 million at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. See Note 7.    Inventories  
 The Company uses the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method of accounting, which approximates current replacement
cost, for 80% of its inventories at December 31, 2013. The last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method of accounting is used to determine cost for the remaining 20% of the Company’s inventory at December 31, 2013. For inventories
where cost is determined by the LIFO method, the excess of the FIFO value over the LIFO value was $23.3 million and $25.4 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company provides estimated inventory reserves for
slow-moving and obsolete inventory based on current assessments about future demand, market conditions, customers who may be experiencing financial difficulties and related management initiatives.  
 Business Combinations    The Company allocates the purchase price of an acquired company, including when applicable, the fair value of contingent consideration between tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed from  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
the acquired business based on their estimated fair values, with the residual of the purchase price recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of the acquired business are included in the
Company’s operating results from the date of acquisition. See Note 5.    Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for additions to plant facilities, or that extend their
useful lives, are capitalized. The cost of minor tools, jigs and dies, and maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation of plant and equipment is calculated principally on a
 straight-line  basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The range of lives for depreciable assets is generally three to ten years for machinery and equipment, five to 27 years for
leasehold improvements and 25 to 50 years for buildings.    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
 Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, primarily trademarks and trade names, are not amortized;
rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually.    The Company identifies its reporting units at the
component level, which is one level below our operating segments. Generally, goodwill arises from acquisitions of specific operating companies and is assigned to the reporting unit in which a particular operating company resides. Our reporting units
are composed of business units and are one level below our operating segment and for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management.  
 The Company principally relies on a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of each reporting unit,
which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate. The Company believes that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of its reporting units in a sales transaction. The
annual goodwill impairment test requires the Company to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization and working capital requirements, which are based upon the
Company’s long-range plan. The Company’s long-range plan is updated as part of its annual planning process and is reviewed and approved by management. The discount rate is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by a
market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both equity and debt, including a risk premium. While the Company uses the best available information to prepare its cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows
or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances.    The impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the
carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. The Company estimates the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method. The fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is measured as
the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trademarks and trade names and not having to pay a royalty for their use.    The Company completed its required annual impairment tests in the fourth quarter of 2013, 2012 and 2011 and determined that the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite
lives were not impaired.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The Company evaluates impairment of its long-lived assets, other than
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The carrying value of a long-lived asset group is considered impaired when the total projected undiscounted
cash flows from such asset group are separately identifiable and are less than the carrying value. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived asset group. Fair
market value is determined primarily using present value techniques based on projected cash flows from the asset group. Losses on long-lived assets held for sale, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, are determined in a
similar manner, except that fair market values are reduced for disposal costs.    Intangible assets, other than
goodwill, with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Patents and technology are being amortized over useful lives of four to 20 years, with a weighted average life of 16 years. Customer relationships are being
amortized over a period of five to 20 years, with a weighted average life of 19 years. Miscellaneous other intangible assets are being amortized over a period of three to 20 years. The Company periodically evaluates the reasonableness of
the estimated useful lives of these intangible assets.    Financial Instruments and Foreign Currency Translation  
 Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and
their results of operations are translated using average exchange rates for the year. Certain transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries are made in currencies other than their functional currency. Exchange gains and losses from those
transactions are included in operating results for the year.    The Company makes infrequent use of derivative
financial instruments. Forward contracts are entered into from time to time to hedge specific firm commitments for certain inventory purchases, export sales, debt or foreign currency transactions, thereby minimizing the Company’s exposure to
raw material commodity price or foreign currency fluctuation. See Note 3.    In instances where
transactions are designated as hedges of an underlying item, the gains and losses on those transactions are included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders’ equity to the extent they are effective as hedges. The Company
has designated certain foreign-currency-denominated long-term borrowings as hedges of the net investment in certain foreign operations. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, these net investment hedges included British-pound- and Euro-denominated
long-term debt, pertaining to certain of its investments in 100% owned subsidiaries whose functional currency is either the British pound or the Euro. These borrowings were designed to create net investment hedges in each of the designated foreign
subsidiaries. The Company designated the British-pound- and Euro-denominated loans referred to above as hedging instruments to offset translation gains or losses on the net investment due to changes in the British pound and Euro exchange rates.
These net investment hedges were evidenced by management’s contemporaneous documentation supporting the hedge designation. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument (the debt) following hedge designation is reported in accumulated other
comprehensive income in the same manner as the translation adjustment on the investment based on changes in the spot rate, which is used to measure hedge effectiveness. An evaluation of hedge effectiveness is performed by the Company on an ongoing
basis and any changes in the hedge are made as appropriate. See Note 4.    Revenue Recognition  
 The Company recognizes revenue on product sales in the period when the sales process is complete. This generally occurs
when products are shipped to the customer in accordance with terms of an agreement of sale, under which title and risk of loss have been transferred, collectability is reasonably assured and pricing is fixed or determinable. For a small percentage
of sales where title and risk of loss passes at point of delivery, the  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
Company recognizes revenue upon delivery to the customer, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition are met. The Company’s policy, with respect to sales returns and allowances,
generally provides that the customer may not return products or be given allowances, except at the Company’s option. The Company has agreements with distributors that do not provide expanded rights of return for unsold products. The distributor
purchases the product from the Company, at which time title and risk of loss transfers to the distributor. The Company does not offer substantial sales incentives and credits to its distributors other than volume discounts. The Company accounts for
these sales incentives as a reduction of revenues when the sale is recognized in the consolidated statement of income. Accruals for sales returns, other allowances and estimated warranty costs are provided at the time revenue is recognized based
upon past experience. At December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the accrual for future warranty obligations was $28.0 million, $27.8 million and $22.5 million, respectively. The Company’s expense for warranty obligations was
$8.6 million in 2013, $10.1 million in 2012 and $13.2 million in 2011. The warranty periods for products sold vary widely among the Company’s operations, but for the most part do not exceed one year. The Company calculates its
warranty expense provision based on past warranty experience and adjustments are made periodically to reflect actual warranty expenses.  
 Research and Development    Company-funded  research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and were $93.9 million in 2013, $84.9 million in 2012 and
$78.0 million in 2011.    Shipping and Handling Costs  
 Shipping and handling costs are included in Cost of sales and were $41.9 million in 2013, $39.0 million in 2012
and $35.9 million in 2011.    Share-Based Compensation  
 The Company accounts for share-based payments in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718,  Compensation–Stock Compensation.  Accordingly, the Company expenses the fair value of awards made under its share-based plans. That cost is recognized in
the consolidated financial statements over the requisite service period of the grants. See Note 10.     Income Taxes
   The Company’s annual provision for income taxes and determination of the related balance sheet
accounts requires management to assess uncertainties, make judgments regarding outcomes and utilize estimates. The Company conducts a broad range of operations around the world and is therefore subject to complex tax regulations in numerous
international taxing jurisdictions, resulting at times in tax audits, disputes and potential litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain. Management must make judgments currently about such uncertainties and determine estimates of the
Company’s tax assets and liabilities. To the extent the final outcome differs, future adjustments to the Company’s tax assets and liabilities may be necessary. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax
positions in income tax expense.    The Company also is required to assess the realizability of its deferred tax
assets, taking into consideration the Company’s forecast of future taxable income, the reversal of other existing temporary differences, available net operating loss carryforwards and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented
to realize the deferred tax assets. Based on this assessment, management must evaluate the need for, and amount of, valuation allowances against the Company’s deferred tax assets. To the extent facts and circumstances change in the future,
adjustments to the valuation allowances may be required.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Earnings Per Share  
 The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares considered
outstanding during the periods. The calculation of diluted earnings per share reflects the effect of all potentially dilutive securities (principally outstanding stock options and restricted stock grants). The number of weighted average shares used
in the calculation of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share was as follows for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Weighted average shares: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic shares 
    
   
 243,915 
    
    
   
 241,512 
    
    
   
 240,383 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 2,150 
    
    
   
 2,474 
    
    
   
 2,778 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted shares 
    
   
 246,065 
    
    
   
 243,986 
    
    
   
 243,161 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 2. 
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In July 2012, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)  No. 2012-02,   Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment   (“ASU 2012-02”).  The amendments in
 ASU 2012-02,  similar to the amendments of  ASU No. 2011-08,   Testing Goodwill for Impairment , permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test described in FASB Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 350,  Intangibles – Goodwill and Other .  ASU 2012-02  was effective on January 1, 2013 for the Company and the adoption did not have a significant impact on
the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.    In February 2013,
the FASB issued ASU  No. 2013-02,   Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   (“ASU 2013-02”).   ASU 2013-02  requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, an entity is required to present, either on the face
of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under
U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income, an entity is required to cross-reference
to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts.  ASU 2013-02  was effective on January 1, 2013 for the Company. See the Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income for the Company’s disclosure reflecting these requirements.    In March 2013, the FASB
issued ASU  No. 2013-05,   Parent’s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in
a Foreign Entity   (“ASU 2013-05”).   ASU 2013-05  provides guidance for the treatment of the cumulative translation adjustment when an entity ceases
to hold a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity.  ASU 2013-05  is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2013. The Company does not expect the adoption of  ASU 2013-05  to have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2013-11 , Presentation of an
Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists   (“ASU 2013-11”). 
 ASU 2013-11  provides guidance for the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists.  ASU 2013-11  is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of  ASU 2013-11  to have a significant impact on the Company’s financial
statement presentation.      

 
 
 3. 
   Fair Value Measurement  
  Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a
liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  
 The Company utilizes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to the valuations used to measure fair value.
This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 inputs are unobservable
inputs based on the Company’s own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset or liability’s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement.    The following table provides the Company’s assets and liabilities that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, consistent with the fair value hierarchy:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Asset (Liability) 
   
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Fixed-income investments 
   
 $ 
 8,234 
    
    
 $ 
 8,316 
    
   The fair value of fixed-income investments was based on quoted market prices, which are
valued as level 1 investments. The fixed-income investments are shown as a component of long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet.    For the year ended December 31, 2013, gains and losses on the investments noted above were not significant. No transfers between level 1 and level 2 investments occurred during the year
ended December 31, 2013.    Financial Instruments  
 Cash, cash equivalents and fixed-income investments are recorded at fair value at December 31, 2013 and 2012 in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet.    The following table provides the estimated fair values of the
Company’s financial instruments, for which fair value is measured for disclosure purposes only, compared to the recorded amounts at December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Asset (Liability) 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Recorded Amount 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Recorded Amount 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 (268,764 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (268,764 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (313,473 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (313,473 
 )  
 
   Long-term debt (including current portion) 
    
   
 (1,146,301 
 )  
   
   
 (1,290,466 
 )  
   
   
 (1,140,302 
 )  
   
   
 (1,341,886 
 )  
 
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The fair value of  short-term 
borrowings approximates the carrying value. Short-term borrowings are valued as level 2 investments as they are corroborated by observable market data. The Company’s long-term debt is all privately held with no public market for this debt,
therefore, the fair value of long-term debt was computed based on comparable current market data for similar debt instruments and are considered level 3 investments. See Note 9 for long-term debt principals, interest rates and maturities.
   Forward Contracts    At December 31, 2013, the Company had two Euro forward contracts for a total of 21.7 million Euro ($28 thousand fair value unrealized loss at December 31, 2013) and one
61.0 million Swiss franc forward contract ($511 thousand fair value unrealized loss at December 31, 2013) outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2013, realized losses on foreign currency forward contracts were $0.1 million.
At December 31, 2012, the Company had a 9.9 million Euro forward contract ($46 thousand fair value unrealized loss at December 31, 2012) outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2012, realized losses on foreign currency
forward contracts were $2.1 million. The Company has not designated its foreign currency forward contracts as hedges.      

 
 
 4. 
   Hedging Activities  
  The Company has designated certain foreign-currency-denominated long-term borrowings as hedges of the
net investment in certain foreign operations. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, these net investment hedges included British-pound- and Euro-denominated long-term debt. These borrowings were designed to create net investment hedges in each of
the designated foreign subsidiaries. The Company designated the British-pound- and Euro-denominated loans referred to above as hedging instruments to offset translation gains or losses on the net investment due to changes in the British pound and
Euro exchange rates. These net investment hedges are evidenced by management’s contemporaneous documentation supporting the hedge designation. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument (the debt) following hedge designation is reported in
accumulated other comprehensive income in the same manner as the translation adjustment on the investment based on changes in the spot rate, which is used to measure hedge effectiveness.  
 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had $198.9 million and $195.0 million, respectively, of
British-pound-denominated loans, which were designated as a hedge against the net investment in British pound functional currency foreign subsidiaries. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had a $68.9 million and $66.0 million,
respectively, Euro-denominated loan, which was designated as a hedge against the net investment in Euro functional currency foreign subsidiaries. As a result of these British-pound- and Euro-denominated loans being designated and 100% effective as
net investment hedges, $6.8 million and $8.3 million of currency remeasurement losses have been included in the foreign currency translation component of other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.      

 
 
 5. 
   Acquisitions  
  In 2013, the Company spent $414.3 million in cash, net of cash acquired, to acquire Controls
Southeast, Inc. (“CSI”) in August, Creaform, Inc. in October, and Powervar, Inc. in December. CSI is a leader in custom-engineered, thermal management solutions used to maintain temperature control of liquid and gas in a broad range of
demanding industrial process applications. Creaform is a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative portable 3D measurement technologies and a provider of 3D engineering services. Powervar is a leading provider of power management systems and
uninterruptible power supply systems. CSI, Creaform and Powervar are part of AMETEK’s Electronic Instruments Group (“EIG”).  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The following table represents the preliminary allocation of the
aggregate purchase price for the net assets of the above acquisitions based on the estimated fair value at acquisition (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 12.3 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 213.5 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 211.3 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (58.8 
 )  
 
   Net working capital and other* 
    
   
 36.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total purchase price 
    
 $ 
 414.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
   Includes $31.2 million in accounts receivable, whose fair value, contractual cash flows and expected cash flows are approximately equal.
   The amount allocated to goodwill is reflective of the benefits the Company expects to
realize from the acquisitions as follows: CSI’s products are highly differentiated and complementary to AMETEK’s process and analytical instrumentation markets. CSI’s products and systems create additional opportunities to broaden the
range of solutions AMETEK offers to industries such as oil and gas processing and sulfur recovery. Creaform significantly expands the range of non-contact metrology products offered by AMETEK’s process and analytical instrumentation businesses.
Creaform’s innovative, optically-based product line and excellent customer base will expand AMETEK’s metrology sales into attractive segments closely adjacent to those of AMETEK’s existing process and analytical instrumentation
businesses. Powervar’s products are highly complementary to AMETEK’s existing power quality and uninterruptible power supply systems. Powervar provides applications expertise and considerable new product development capability. The Company
expects approximately $18.5 million of the goodwill recorded in connection with the 2013 acquisitions will be tax deductible in future years.    The Company is in the process of finalizing the measurement of certain tangible and intangible assets for the Creaform and Powervar acquisitions, as well as deferred taxes associated with its 2013
acquisitions.    At December 31, 2013, purchase price allocated to other intangible assets of
$211.3 million consists of $44.0 million of indefinite-lived intangible trademarks and trade names, which are not subject to amortization. The remaining $167.3 million of other intangible assets consist of $133.4 million of
customer relationships, which are being amortized over a period of 20 years, and $33.9 million of purchased technology, which is being amortized over a period of 15 years. Amortization expense for each of the next five years for the
2013 acquisitions listed above is expected to approximate $8.9 million per year.    The 2013
acquisitions noted above had an immaterial impact on reported net sales, net income and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2013. Had the 2013 acquisitions been made at the beginning of 2013 or 2012, unaudited pro
forma net sales, net income and diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, would not have been materially different than the amounts reported. Pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that would have occurred if the acquisitions had been completed at the beginning of 2013 or 2012.    In
2012, the Company spent $747.7 million in cash, net of cash acquired, to acquire O’Brien Corporation in January, the parent company of Dunkermotoren GmbH in May, Micro-Poise Measurement Systems
 (“Micro-Poise”)  in October and Aero Components International (“ACI”), Avtech Avionics and Instruments (“Avtech”), Sunpower, Inc. and Crystal Engineering in December. O’Brien
is a leading manufacturer of fluid and gas handling solutions, sample conditioning equipment and process analyzers. Dunkermotoren is a leader in  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
advanced motion control solutions for a wide range of industrial automation applications. Micro-Poise is a leading provider of integrated test and measurement solutions for the tire industry. ACI
repairs and overhauls fuel, hydraulic, pneumatic, power generation and heat exchanger components. Avtech’s expertise is in the repair and maintenance of next generation and legacy avionics and instruments. Sunpower designs and develops high
reliability cryocoolers and externally heated Stirling cycle engines. Crystal Engineering manufactures high-end, portable pressure calibrators and digital test gauges for the oil and gas, power generation and other industrial markets. O’Brien,
Micro-Poise, Sunpower and Crystal Engineering are part of EIG and Dunkermotoren, ACI and Avtech are part of AMETEK’s Electromechanical Group (“EMG”).  
 In 2011, the Company spent $474.9 million in cash, net of cash acquired, to acquire Avicenna Technology, Inc.
(“Avicenna”) in April, Coining Holding Company (“Coining”) in May, Reichert Technologies and EM Test (Switzerland) GmbH in October and Technical Manufacturing Corporation (“TMC”) in December. Avicenna is a supplier
of custom, fine-featured components used in the medical device industry. Coining is a leading supplier of custom-shaped metal preforms, microstampings and bonding wire solutions for interconnect applications in microelectronics packaging and
assembly. Reichert Technologies is a manufacturer of analytical instruments and diagnostic devices for the eye care market. EM Test is a manufacturer of advanced monitoring, testing, calibrating and display instruments. TMC is a world leader in
high-performance vibration isolation systems and optical test benches used to isolate highly sensitive instruments for the microelectronics, life sciences, photonics and ultra-precision manufacturing industries. Reichert Technologies, EM Test
and TMC are part of EIG and Avicenna and Coining are part of EMG.    Acquisitions Subsequent to December 31, 2013  
 In January 2014, the Company acquired Teseq Group, a leading manufacturer of test and measurement instrumentation for
electromagnetic compatibility (“EMC”) testing. Teseq was acquired for approximately 83 million Swiss francs (approximately $92 million) and has estimated annual sales of approximately 48 million Swiss francs (approximately
$53 million). Teseq manufactures a broad line of conducted and radiated EMC compliance testing systems and radio-frequency amplifiers for a wide range of industries, including aerospace, automotive, consumer electronics, medical equipment,
telecommunications and transportation. Teseq is a global leader in conducted and radiated EMC test equipment with a comprehensive product offering and extensive geographic coverage and will join EIG.  
 In February 2014, the Company acquired VTI Instruments (“VTI”), a leading manufacturer of high precision test
and measurement instrumentation. VTI was acquired for approximately $74 million and has estimated annual sales of approximately $38 million. VTI provides highly engineered and customized products designed to deliver customers a complete,
integrated solution for their critical test and measurement requirements. VTI is a market leader in high end data acquisition and precision instrumentation and will join EIG.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 6. 
   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
  The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill by segment were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 EIG 
   
   
 EMG 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 997.7 
    
   
 $ 
 808.5 
    
   
 $ 
 1,806.2 
    
 
   Goodwill acquired 
    
   
 211.1 
    
   
   
 173.6 
    
   
   
 384.7 
    
 
   Purchase price allocation adjustments and other 
    
   
 (2.2 
 )  
   
   
 1.3 
    
   
   
 (0.9 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 8.4 
    
   
   
 9.8 
    
   
   
 18.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 1,215.0 
    
   
   
 993.2 
    
   
   
 2,208.2 
    
 
   Goodwill acquired 
    
   
 213.5 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 213.5 
    
 
   Purchase price allocation adjustments and other 
    
   
 (25.5 
 )  
   
   
 (6.0 
 )  
   
   
 (31.5 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 7.8 
    
   
   
 10.4 
    
   
   
 18.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,410.8 
    
   
 $ 
 997.6 
    
   
 $ 
 2,408.4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The 2013 purchase price allocation adjustments and other, noted above, primarily consists
of the finalization of deferred taxes associated with acquisitions made in 2012.    Other intangible assets were
as follows at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Definite-lived intangible assets (subject to amortization): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Patents 
    
 $ 
 55,300 
    
    
 $ 
 54,289 
    
 
   Purchased technology 
    
   
 198,463 
    
    
   
 163,192 
    
 
   Customer lists 
    
   
 1,037,689 
    
    
   
 897,072 
    
 
   Other acquired intangibles 
    
   
 28,304 
    
    
   
 25,948 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,319,756 
    
    
   
 1,140,501 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated amortization: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Patents 
    
   
 (34,692 
 )  
    
   
 (32,990 
 )  
 
   Purchased technology 
    
   
 (51,369 
 )  
    
   
 (41,323 
 )  
 
   Customer lists 
    
   
 (191,170 
 )  
    
   
 (139,840 
 )  
 
   Other acquired intangibles 
    
   
 (24,487 
 )  
    
   
 (23,730 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (301,718 
 )  
    
   
 (237,883 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net intangible assets subject to amortization 
    
   
 1,018,038 
    
    
   
 902,618 
    
 
   Indefinite-lived intangible assets (not subject to amortization): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Trademarks and trade names 
    
   
 455,888 
    
    
   
 407,109 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,473,926 
    
    
 $ 
 1,309,727 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Amortization expense was $61.5 million, $51.8 million and $37.6 million
for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Amortization expense for each of the next five years is expected to approximate $68.8 million per year, not considering the impact of potential future acquisitions.
 
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 7. 
   Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Information  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   INVENTORIES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Finished goods and parts 
    
 $ 
 76,086 
    
   
 $ 
 62,723 
    
 
   Work in process 
    
   
 85,518 
    
   
   
 83,522 
    
 
   Raw materials and purchased parts 
    
   
 291,244 
    
   
   
 282,690 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 452,848 
    
   
 $ 
 428,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Land 
    
 $ 
 35,395 
    
   
 $ 
 34,144 
    
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 254,248 
    
   
   
 234,524 
    
 
   Machinery and equipment 
    
   
 754,654 
    
   
   
 711,215 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,044,297 
    
   
   
 979,883 
    
 
   Less: Accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 (641,507 
 )  
   
   
 (596,400 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 402,790 
    
   
 $ 
 383,483 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Employee compensation and benefits 
    
 $ 
 87,656 
    
   
 $ 
 82,303 
    
 
   Severance and lease termination 
    
   
 7,653 
    
   
   
 11,671 
    
 
   Product warranty obligation 
    
   
 28,036 
    
   
   
 27,792 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 90,240 
    
   
   
 75,768 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 213,585 
    
   
 $ 
 197,534 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   ALLOWANCES FOR POSSIBLE LOSSES ON ACCOUNTS AND NOTES RECEIVABLE 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 10,754 
    
   
 $ 
 7,840 
    
   
 $ 
 6,047 
    
 
   Additions charged to expense 
    
   
 1,939 
    
   
   
 3,569 
    
   
   
 2,458 
    
 
   Recoveries credited to allowance 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 33 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Write-offs 
    
   
 (3,503 
 )  
   
   
 (813 
 )  
   
   
 (585 
 )  
 
   Currency translation adjustments and other 
    
   
 357 
    
   
   
 125 
    
   
   
 (91 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 9,547 
    
   
 $ 
 10,754 
    
   
 $ 
 7,840 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 8. 
   Income Taxes  
  The components of income before income taxes and the details of the provision for income taxes were as
follows for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Income before income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic 
    
 $ 
 443,278 
    
   
 $ 
 438,742 
    
   
 $ 
 366,654 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 281,517 
    
   
   
 223,733 
    
   
   
 189,988 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 724,795 
    
   
 $ 
 662,475 
    
   
 $ 
 556,642 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Provision for income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 133,574 
    
   
 $ 
 135,598 
    
   
 $ 
 103,598 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 64,077 
    
   
   
 50,511 
    
   
   
 39,516 
    
 
   State 
    
   
 13,083 
    
   
   
 18,415 
    
   
   
 16,910 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current 
    
   
 210,734 
    
   
   
 204,524 
    
   
   
 160,024 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
   
 7,899 
    
   
   
 6,038 
    
   
   
 14,051 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 (3,592 
 )  
   
   
 (6,598 
 )  
   
   
 (2,508 
 )  
 
   State 
    
   
 (7,245 
 )  
   
   
 (621 
 )  
   
   
 611 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred 
    
   
 (2,938 
 )  
   
   
 (1,181 
 )  
   
   
 12,154 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total provision 
    
 $ 
 207,796 
    
   
 $ 
 203,343 
    
   
 $ 
 172,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Significant components of the deferred tax (asset) liability were as
follows at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Current deferred tax (asset) liability: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Reserves not currently deductible 
    
 $ 
 (22,727 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (24,559 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
   
 (4,264 
 )  
   
   
 (4,091 
 )  
 
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
    
   
 (3,859 
 )  
   
   
 (2,763 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (5,233 
 )  
   
   
 (1,888 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (36,083 
 )  
   
   
 (33,301 
 )  
 
   Portion included in other current liabilities 
    
   
 (2,732 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross current deferred tax asset 
    
   
 (38,815 
 )  
   
   
 (33,301 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Noncurrent deferred tax (asset) liability: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Differences in basis of property and accelerated depreciation 
    
   
 31,861 
    
   
   
 38,187 
    
 
   Reserves not currently deductible 
    
   
 (24,417 
 )  
   
   
 (23,010 
 )  
 
   Pensions 
    
   
 33,538 
    
   
   
 (869 
 )  
 
   Differences in basis of intangible assets and accelerated amortization 
    
   
 528,139 
    
   
   
 482,632 
    
 
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
    
   
 (2,795 
 )  
   
   
 (5,463 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
   
 (9,297 
 )  
   
   
 (7,725 
 )  
 
   Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (190 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (3,578 
 )  
   
   
 (1,737 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 553,451 
    
   
   
 481,825 
    
 
   Less: Valuation allowance 
    
   
 1,911 
    
   
   
 1,027 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 555,362 
    
   
   
 482,852 
    
 
   Portion included in noncurrent assets 
    
   
 3,193 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross noncurrent deferred tax liability 
    
   
 558,555 
    
   
   
 482,852 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax liability 
    
 $ 
 519,740 
    
   
 $ 
 449,551 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company’s effective tax rate reconciles to the U.S. Federal statutory rate as
follows for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   
   
     2011     
   


 
   U.S. Federal statutory rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
    
   
 1.0 
    
   
   
 1.8 
    
   
   
 2.0 
    
 
   Foreign operations, net 
    
   
 (5.8 
 )  
   
   
 (5.1 
 )  
   
   
 (4.9 
 )  
 
   U.S. Manufacturing deduction and credits 
    
   
 (1.8 
 )  
   
   
 (2.0 
 )  
   
   
 (1.8 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 1.0 
    
   
   
 0.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated effective tax rate 
    
   
 28.7 
 %  
   
   
 30.7 
 %  
   
   
 30.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  On January 2, 2013, the President of the United States of America
signed legislation that retroactively extended the research and development (“R&D”) tax credit for two years, from January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2013.  
 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, there has been no provision for U.S. deferred income taxes for the undistributed
earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, which total approximately $854.8 million and $665.5 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, because the Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in operations
outside the United States. Upon distribution of those earnings to the United States, the Company would be subject to U.S. income taxes and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. Determination of the amount of the
unrecognized deferred income tax liability on these undistributed earnings is not practicable.    At
December 31, 2013, the Company had tax benefits of $6.6 million related to net operating loss carryforwards, which will be available to offset future income taxes payable, subject to certain annual or other limitations based on foreign and U.S.
tax laws. This amount includes net operating loss carryforwards of $0.4 million for federal income tax purposes with no valuation allowance, $3.5 million for state income tax purposes with a valuation allowance of $0.1 million and
$2.7 million for foreign income tax purposes with a valuation allowance of $1.1 million. These net operating loss carryforwards, if not used, will expire between 2014 and 2033. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had no U.S. foreign
tax credit carryforwards.    The Company maintains a valuation allowance to reduce certain deferred tax assets
to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. This allowance primarily relates to the deferred tax assets established for foreign and certain state net operating loss carryforwards. In 2013, the Company recorded an increase of
$0.9 million in the valuation allowance primarily related to foreign net operating losses that are not expected to be utilized.    At December 31, 2013, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $55.2 million, of which $50.9 million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. At December 31,
2012, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $36.2 million, of which $33.6 million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate.    At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company reported $8.6 million and $8.2 million, respectively, related to interest and penalty exposure as accrued income tax expense in the consolidated
balance sheet. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized a net expense of $0.4 million, $1.0 million and $1.1 million, respectively, for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the consolidated statement
of income as a component of income tax expense.    The most significant tax jurisdiction for the Company is the
United States. The Company files income tax returns in various state and foreign tax jurisdictions, in some cases for multiple legal entities per jurisdiction. Generally, the Company has open tax years subject to tax audit on average of between
three and six years in these jurisdictions. At December 31, 2013, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) has been and is continuing to examine the Company’s U.S. income tax returns for the years 2010 and 2011. The IRS
previously completed the examination of the Company’s U.S. income tax returns for the years 2008 and 2009. The Company has not materially extended any other statutes of limitation for any significant location and has reviewed and accrued for,
where necessary, tax liabilities for open periods including state and foreign jurisdictions that remain subject to examination. There have been no penalties asserted or imposed by the IRS related to substantial understatement of income, gross
valuation misstatement or failure to disclose a listed or reportable transaction.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  During 2013, the Company added $29.7 million of tax, interest and
penalties for identified uncertain tax positions and reversed $10.3 million of tax and interest related to statute expirations and settlement of prior uncertain positions. During 2012, the Company added $11.5 million of tax, interest and
penalties related to identified uncertain tax positions and reversed $2.9 million of tax and interest related to statute expirations and settlement of prior uncertain positions.  
 The following is a reconciliation of the liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 36.2 
    
   
 $ 
 28.5 
    
   
 $ 
 22.8 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions related to the current year 
    
   
 11.7 
    
   
   
 4.3 
    
   
   
 1.4 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 15.1 
    
   
   
 6.0 
    
   
   
 6.5 
    
 
   Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 (1.8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.8 
 )  
   
   
 (2.0 
 )  
 
   Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities 
    
   
 (2.5 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Reductions due to statute expirations 
    
   
 (3.5 
 )  
   
   
 (1.8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 55.2 
    
   
 $ 
 36.2 
    
   
 $ 
 28.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In 2013, the additions above primarily reflect the increase in tax liabilities for
uncertain tax positions related to certain foreign activities, while the reductions above primarily relate to statue expirations and tax paid. At December 31, 2013, tax, interest and penalties of $46.4 million were classified as a
noncurrent liability and $17.4 million were classified as a current liability, of which approximately $12.2 million was previously classified as a noncurrent liability. The net increase in uncertain tax positions for the year ended
December 31, 2013 resulted in an increase to income tax expense of $12.1 million. At December 31, 2013, the Company classified $17.4 million of tax, interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a current liability as it
is reasonably possible that certain tax audits and tax rulings will be effectively settled within the next 12 months.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 9. 
   Debt  
  Long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   U.S. dollar 6.59% senior notes due September 2015 
    
 $ 
 90,000 
    
   
 $ 
 90,000 
    
 
   U.S. dollar 6.69% senior notes due December 2015 
    
   
 35,000 
    
   
   
 35,000 
    
 
   U.S. dollar 6.20% senior notes due December 2017 
    
   
 270,000 
    
   
   
 270,000 
    
 
   U.S. dollar 6.35% senior notes due July 2018 
    
   
 80,000 
    
   
   
 80,000 
    
 
   U.S. dollar 7.08% senior notes due September 2018 
    
   
 160,000 
    
   
   
 160,000 
    
 
   U.S. dollar 7.18% senior notes due December 2018 
    
   
 65,000 
    
   
   
 65,000 
    
 
   U.S. dollar 6.30% senior notes due December 2019 
    
   
 100,000 
    
   
   
 100,000 
    
 
   British pound 5.99% senior note due November 2016 
    
   
 66,303 
    
   
   
 64,988 
    
 
   British pound 4.68% senior note due September 2020 
    
   
 132,592 
    
   
   
 129,976 
    
 
   Euro 3.94% senior note due August 2015 
    
   
 68,880 
    
   
   
 65,972 
    
 
   Swiss franc 2.44% senior note due December 2021 
    
   
 61,754 
    
   
   
 60,096 
    
 
   Revolving credit loan 
    
   
 268,329 
    
   
   
 312,903 
    
 
   Other, principally foreign 
    
   
 17,207 
    
   
   
 19,840 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 1,415,065 
    
   
   
 1,453,775 
    
 
   Less: Current portion 
    
   
 (273,315 
 )  
   
   
 (320,654 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,141,750 
    
   
 $ 
 1,133,121 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Maturities of long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2013 were as follows:
$195.7 million in 2015; $68.2 million in 2016; $272.0 million in 2017; $311.5 million in 2018; $100.0 million in 2019; and $194.4 million in 2020 and thereafter.  
 In December 2007, the Company issued $270 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.20% private placement senior
notes due December 2017 and $100 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.30% private placement senior notes due December 2019. In July 2008, the Company issued $80 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.35% private placement
senior notes due July 2018. In September 2008, the Company issued $90 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.59% private placement senior notes due September 2015 and $160 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.08% private
placement senior notes due September 2018. In December 2008, the Company issued $35 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.69% private placement senior notes due December 2015 and $65 million in aggregate principal amount of
7.18% private placement senior notes due December 2018.    In September 2005, the Company issued a
50 million Euro ($68.9 million at December 31, 2013) 3.94% senior note due August 2015. In November 2004, the Company issued a 40 million British pound ($66.3 million at December 31, 2013) 5.99% senior note due November
2016. In September 2010, the Company issued an 80 million British pound ($132.6 million at December 31, 2013) 4.68% senior note due September 2020. In December 2011, the Company issued a 55 million Swiss franc
($61.8 million at December 31, 2013) 2.44% senior note due December 2021.    The Company has a
revolving credit facility with a total borrowing capacity of $700 million, which excludes an accordion feature that permits the Company to request up to an additional $200 million in revolving
 
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
credit commitments at any time during the life of the revolving credit agreement under certain conditions. The revolving credit facility was amended in December 2013 and now expires in December
2018. The revolving credit facility places certain restrictions on allowable additional indebtedness. At December 31, 2013, the Company had available borrowing capacity of $587.0 million under its revolving credit facility, including the
$200 million accordion feature.    Interest rates on outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility
are at the applicable benchmark rate plus a negotiated spread or at the U.S. prime rate. At December 31, 2013 and 2012 the Company had $216.6 million (including a $51.7 million eligible foreign subsidiary borrowing) and
$312.9 million (including a $21.9 million eligible foreign subsidiary borrowing), respectively, of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. The weighted average interest rate on the revolving credit facility for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was 1.70% and 1.50%, respectively. The Company had outstanding letters of credit totaling $47.7 million and $37.0 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 The private placements, the senior notes and the revolving credit facility are subject to certain customary covenants,
including financial covenants that, among other things, require the Company to maintain certain  debt-to-EBITDA  and interest coverage ratios. The Company was in
compliance with all provisions of the debt arrangements at December 31, 2013.    Foreign subsidiaries of
the Company had available credit facilities with local foreign lenders of $55.2 million at December 31, 2013. Foreign subsidiaries had debt outstanding at December 31, 2013 totaling $17.2 million, including $12.2 million
reported in long-term debt.    The weighted average interest rate on total debt outstanding at December 31,
2013 and 2012 was 5.5% and 5.4%, respectively.      

 
 
 10. 
   Share-Based Compensation  
  Under the terms of the Company’s stockholder-approved share-based plans, incentive and
non-qualified stock options and restricted stock have been, and may be, issued to the Company’s officers, management-level employees and members of its Board of Directors. Employee and non-employee director stock options generally vest at a
rate of 25% per year, beginning one year from the date of the grant, and restricted stock generally has a  four-year  cliff vesting. Stock options generally have a maximum contractual term of
seven years. At December 31, 2013, 18.2 million shares of Company common stock were reserved for issuance under the Company’s share-based plans, including 6.4 million shares for stock options outstanding.  
 The Company issues previously unissued shares when stock options are exercised and shares are issued from treasury stock
upon the award of restricted stock.    The Company measures and records compensation expense related to all
stock awards by recognizing the grant date fair value of the awards over their requisite service periods in the financial statements. For grants under any of the Company’s plans that are subject to graded vesting over a service period, the
Company recognizes expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of
grant using a  Black-Scholes-Merton  option pricing model. The following weighted average assumptions were used in the  Black-Scholes-Merton  model to estimate the fair values of stock options granted during the years indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 28.1 
 %  
   
   
 28.4 
 %  
   
   
 26.4 
 %  
 
   Expected term (years) 
    
   
 5.0 
    
   
   
 5.1 
    
   
   
 5.0 
    
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.75 
 %  
   
   
 0.84 
 %  
   
   
 1.96 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 0.57 
 %  
   
   
 0.47 
 %  
   
   
 0.54 
 %  
 
   Black-Scholes-Merton fair value per stock option granted 
    
 $ 
 10.17 
    
   
 $ 
 8.54 
    
   
 $ 
 7.56 
    
   Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s stock.
The Company used historical exercise data to estimate the stock options’ expected term, which represents the period of time that the stock options granted are expected to be outstanding. Management anticipates that the future stock option
holding periods will be similar to the historical stock option holding periods. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the stock option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the time of grant. Compensation
expense recognized for all share-based awards is net of estimated forfeitures. The Company’s estimated forfeiture rates are based on its historical experience.  
 Total share-based compensation expense was as follows for the years ended December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Stock option expense 
    
 $ 
 10,776 
    
   
 $ 
 9,437 
    
   
 $ 
 8,027 
    
 
   Restricted stock expense 
    
   
 10,815 
    
   
   
 9,947 
    
   
   
 14,120 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total pre-tax expense 
    
   
 21,591 
    
   
   
 19,384 
    
   
   
 22,147 
    
 
   Related tax benefit 
    
   
 (6,964 
 )  
   
   
 (6,518 
 )  
   
   
 (7,083 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Reduction of net income 
    
 $ 
 14,627 
    
   
 $ 
 12,866 
    
   
 $ 
 15,064 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Pre-tax share-based compensation expense is included in the consolidated statement of
income in either Cost of sales, excluding depreciation or Selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on where the recipient’s cash compensation is reported.  
 The following is a summary of the Company’s stock option activity and related information for the year ended
December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   
   
   
   
    
 (Years) 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Outstanding at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 6,840 
    
   
 $ 
 22.39 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 1,270 
    
   
   
 41.75 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,533 
 )  
   
   
 17.48 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (182 
 )  
   
   
 32.50 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Expired 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 29.68 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at the end of the year 
    
   
 6,394 
    
   
 $ 
 27.13 
    
    
   
 4.0 
    
    
 $ 
 163.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at the end of the year 
    
   
 3,514 
    
   
 $ 
 20.77 
    
    
   
 2.9 
    
    
 $ 
 112.1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2013,
2012 and 2011 was $41.6 million, $45.5 million and $28.2 million, respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested during 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $8.2 million, $8.9 million and $7.5 million, respectively.
   The following is a summary of the Company’s nonvested stock option activity and related information for
the year ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Weighted Average Grant 
Date Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Nonvested stock options outstanding at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 3,275 
    
   
 $ 
 6.62 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 1,270 
    
   
   
 10.17 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1,483 
 )  
   
   
 5.52 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (182 
 )  
   
   
 7.52 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested stock options outstanding at the end of the year 
    
   
 2,880 
    
   
 $ 
 8.65 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   As of December 31, 2013, there was approximately $15.0 million of expected
future  pre-tax  compensation expense related to the 2.9 million nonvested stock options outstanding, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of less than two years.
   The fair value of restricted shares under the Company’s restricted stock arrangement is determined by
the product of the number of shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company’s common stock. Upon the grant of restricted stock, the fair value of the restricted shares (unearned compensation) at the date of grant is charged as a
reduction of capital in excess of par value in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet and is amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is the same as the calculated derived service period as determined on
the grant date.    Restricted stock grants are subject to accelerated vesting due to certain events, including
doubling of the grant price of the Company’s common stock as of the close of business during any five consecutive trading days. On January 25, 2013, 488,235 shares of restricted stock, which were granted on April 29, 2010, and
26,298 shares of restricted stock, which were granted on July 29, 2010, vested under this accelerated vesting provision. The pre-tax charge to income due to the accelerated vesting of these shares was $2.7 million ($1.9 million net
after-tax charge) for the year ended December 31, 2013.    The following is a summary of the Company’s
nonvested restricted stock activity and related information for the year ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Weighted Average Grant 
Date Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Nonvested restricted stock outstanding at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 1,252 
    
   
 $ 
 26.71 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 401 
    
   
   
 42.42 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (577 
 )  
   
   
 20.88 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (89 
 )  
   
   
 31.41 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested restricted stock outstanding at the end of the year 
    
   
 987 
    
   
 $ 
 36.12 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The total fair value of the restricted stock that vested was
$12.1 million, $11.1 million and $18.6 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The weighted average fair value of restricted stock granted per share during 2013 and 2012 was $42.42 and $33.80, respectively. As of
December 31, 2013, there was approximately $23.5 million of expected future  pre-tax  compensation expense related to the 1.0 million nonvested restricted shares outstanding, which is expected to
be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately two years.    Under a Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan (“SERP”) in 2013, the Company reserved 23,215 shares of common stock. Reductions for retirements and terminations were 50,417 shares in 2013. The total number of shares of common stock reserved under the SERP was
582,648 as of December 31, 2013. Charges to expense under the SERP are not significant in amount and are considered pension expense with the offsetting credit reflected in capital in excess of par value.  
   

 
 
 11. 
   Retirement Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits  
  Retirement and Pension Plans    The Company sponsors several retirement and pension plans covering eligible salaried and hourly employees. The plans generally provide benefits based on participants’ years of service and/or
compensation. The following is a brief description of the Company’s retirement and pension plans.    The
Company maintains contributory and noncontributory defined benefit pension plans. Benefits for eligible salaried and hourly employees under all defined benefit plans are funded through trusts established in conjunction with the plans. The
Company’s funding policy with respect to its defined benefit plans is to contribute amounts that provide for benefits based on actuarial calculations and the applicable requirements of U.S. federal and local foreign laws. The Company estimates
that it will make both required and discretionary cash contributions of approximately $4 million to $7 million to its worldwide defined benefit pension plans in 2014.  
 The Company uses a measurement date of December 31 (its fiscal year end) for its U.S. and foreign defined benefit
pension plans.    The Company sponsors a 401(k) retirement and savings plan for eligible U.S. employees.
Participants in the retirement and savings plan may contribute a specified portion of their compensation on a  pre-tax  basis, which vary by location. The Company matches employee contributions ranging from 20%
to 100%, up to a maximum percentage ranging from 1% to 8% of eligible compensation or up to a maximum of $1,200 per participant in some locations.    The Company’s retirement and savings plan has a defined contribution retirement feature principally to cover U.S. salaried employees joining the Company after December 31, 1996. Under the
retirement feature, the Company makes contributions for eligible employees based on a pre-established percentage of the covered employee’s salary subject to  pre-established  vesting. Employees of certain
of the Company’s foreign operations participate in various local defined contribution plans.    The Company
has nonqualified unfunded retirement plans for its Directors and certain retired employees. It also provides supplemental retirement benefits, through contractual arrangements and/or a SERP covering certain current and former executives of the
Company. These supplemental benefits are designed to compensate the executive for retirement benefits that would have been provided under the Company’s primary retirement plan,  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
except for statutory limitations on compensation that must be taken into account under those plans. The projected benefit obligations of the SERP and the contracts will primarily be funded by a
grant of shares of the Company’s common stock upon retirement or termination of the executive. The Company is providing for these obligations by charges to earnings over the applicable periods.  
 The following tables set forth the changes in net projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for the
funded and unfunded defined benefit plans for the years ended December 31:    U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plans:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 473,891 
    
   
 $ 
 418,932 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 3,918 
    
   
   
 3,383 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 18,889 
    
   
   
 20,718 
    
 
   Actuarial (gains) losses 
    
   
 (41,305 
 )  
   
   
 56,410 
    
 
   Gross benefits paid 
    
   
 (26,718 
 )  
   
   
 (25,687 
 )  
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 135 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net projected benefit obligation at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 428,675 
    
   
 $ 
 473,891 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 476,465 
    
   
 $ 
 441,715 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 68,049 
    
   
   
 60,065 
    
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 592 
    
   
   
 372 
    
 
   Gross benefits paid 
    
   
 (26,718 
 )  
   
   
 (25,687 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 518,388 
    
   
 $ 
 476,465 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Foreign Defined Benefit Pension Plans:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 170,180 
    
   
 $ 
 128,410 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 2,405 
    
   
   
 1,818 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 7,112 
    
   
   
 6,902 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13,947 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 4,823 
    
   
   
 6,495 
    
 
   Employee contributions 
    
   
 344 
    
   
   
 384 
    
 
   Actuarial losses 
    
   
 6,304 
    
   
   
 19,353 
    
 
   Gross benefits paid 
    
   
 (6,002 
 )  
   
   
 (5,049 
 )  
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 12 
    
   
   
 (2,080 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net projected benefit obligation at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 185,178 
    
   
 $ 
 170,180 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 143,398 
    
   
 $ 
 125,105 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 18,341 
    
   
   
 13,148 
    
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 5,264 
    
   
   
 3,920 
    
 
   Employee contributions 
    
   
 344 
    
   
   
 384 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 4,075 
    
   
   
 5,890 
    
 
   Gross benefits paid 
    
   
 (6,002 
 )  
   
   
 (5,049 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 165,420 
    
   
 $ 
 143,398 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accumulated benefit obligation consisted of the following at December 31:
   U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plans:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Funded plans 
    
 $ 
 412,797 
    
    
 $ 
 455,112 
    
 
   Unfunded plans 
    
   
 5,274 
    
    
   
 6,087 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 418,071 
    
    
 $ 
 461,199 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Foreign Defined Benefit Pension Plans:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Funded plans 
    
 $ 
 142,623 
    
    
 $ 
 132,274 
    
 
   Unfunded plans 
    
   
 28,759 
    
    
   
 26,041 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 171,382 
    
    
 $ 
 158,315 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at
December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   


 
   U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plans: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 4.10 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase (where applicable) 
    
   
 3.75 
 %  
   
   
 3.75 
 %  
 
   Foreign Defined Benefit Pension Plans: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.38 
 %  
   
   
 4.44 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase (where applicable) 
    
   
 2.92 
 %  
   
   
 2.89 
 %  
   The following is a summary of the fair value of plan assets for U.S. plans at
December 31, 2013 and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   Asset Class 
   
 Total 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Cash and temporary investments 
   
 $ 
 3,589 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 3,589 
    
   
 $ 
 3,587 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 3,587 
    
 
   Equity securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   AMETEK common stock 
   
   
 29,016 
    
   
   
 29,016 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 26,645 
    
   
   
 26,645 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   U.S. Small cap common stocks 
   
   
 33,229 
    
   
   
 33,229 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 29,124 
    
   
   
 29,124 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   U.S. Large cap common stocks 
   
   
 99,211 
    
   
   
 65,737 
    
   
   
 33,474 
    
   
   
 81,215 
    
   
   
 53,856 
    
   
   
 27,359 
    
 
   Diversified common stocks — Global 
   
   
 94,901 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 94,901 
    
   
   
 82,810 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 82,810 
    
 
   Fixed-income securities and other: 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Corporate 
   
   
 22,732 
    
   
   
 8,230 
    
   
   
 14,502 
    
   
   
 24,040 
    
   
   
 8,751 
    
   
   
 15,289 
    
 
   U.S. Government 
   
   
 2,984 
    
   
   
 2,058 
    
   
   
 926 
    
   
   
 2,521 
    
   
   
 1,545 
    
   
   
 976 
    
 
   Global asset allocation(1) 
   
   
 186,350 
    
   
   
 112,965 
    
   
   
 73,385 
    
   
   
 152,026 
    
   
   
 88,749 
    
   
   
 63,277 
    
 
   Inflation related funds 
   
   
 34,213 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 34,213 
    
   
   
 53,954 
    
   
   
 12,084 
    
   
   
 41,870 
    
 
   Alternative investments: 
   
 
 
 
 
   Inflation related pooled investment fund(2) 
   
   
 12,163 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 20,543 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total investments 
   
 $ 
 518,388 
    
   
 $ 
 251,235 
    
   
 $ 
 254,990 
    
   
 $ 
 476,465 
    
   
 $ 
 220,754 
    
   
 $ 
 235,168 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   This asset class was invested in diversified companies in all geographical regions.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes $1.1 million retained by investment fund related to redemption in 2013, which is expected to be paid in 2014.  
 U.S. equity securities and global equity securities categorized as level 1 are traded on national and international
exchanges and are valued at their closing prices on the last trading day of the year. For U.S. equity securities and global equity securities not traded on an active exchange, or if the closing price is not available, the trustee obtains indicative
quotes from a pricing vendor, broker or investment manager. These securities are categorized as level 2 if the custodian obtains corroborated quotes from a pricing vendor.  
 Additionally, some U.S. equity securities and global equity securities are public investment vehicles valued using the
Net Asset Value (“NAV”) provided by the fund manager. The NAV is the total value of the fund divided by the number of shares outstanding. U.S. equity securities and global equity securities are categorized as level 1 if traded at
their NAV on a nationally recognized securities exchange or categorized as level 2 if the NAV is corroborated by observable market data.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Fixed income securities categorized as level 1 are traded on
national and international exchanges and are valued at their closing prices on the last trading day of the year and categorized as level 2 if valued by the trustee using pricing models that use verifiable observable market data, bids provided
by brokers or dealers or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics.    Alternative investments
categorized as level 3 are valued based on unobservable inputs and cannot be corroborated using verifiable observable market data. Investments in level 3 funds are redeemable, however, cash reimbursement may be delayed or a portion held back
until asset finalization.    The following is a summary of the changes in the fair value of the U.S. plans’
level 3 investments (fair value using significant unobservable inputs):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Alternative Investments 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 18,732 
    
 
   Actual return on assets: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains relating to instruments still held at the end of the year 
    
   
 1,811 
    
 
   Realized gains (losses) relating to assets sold during the year 
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 20,543 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Actual return on assets: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized (losses) relating to instruments still held at the end of the year 
    
   
 (206 
 )  
 
   Realized gains relating to assets sold during the year 
    
   
 840 
    
 
   Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 
    
   
 (9,014 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 12,163 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The expected long-term rate of return on these plan assets was 7.75% in 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Equity securities included 550,837 shares of AMETEK, Inc. common stock with a market value of $29.0 million (5.6% of total plan investment assets) at December 31, 2013 and 706,950 shares of AMETEK, Inc. common stock
with a market value of $26.6 million (5.6% of total plan investment assets) at December 31, 2012.  
 The objectives of the AMETEK, Inc. U.S. defined benefit plans’ investment strategy are to maximize the plans’
funded status and minimize Company contributions and plan expense. Because the goal is to optimize returns over the long term, an investment policy that favors equity holdings has been established. Since there may be periods of time where both
equity and fixed-income markets provide poor returns, an allocation to alternative assets may be made to improve the overall portfolio’s diversification and return potential. The Company periodically reviews its asset allocation, taking into
consideration plan liabilities, plan benefit payment streams and the investment strategy of the pension plans. The actual asset allocation is monitored frequently relative to the established targets and ranges and is rebalanced when necessary. The
target allocations for the U.S. defined benefits plans are approximately 45% equity securities, 15% fixed-income securities and 40% other securities and/or cash.  
 The equity portfolio is diversified by market capitalization and style. The equity portfolio also includes international
components.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The objective of the fixed-income portion of the pension assets is to
provide interest rate sensitivity for a portion of the assets and to provide diversification. The  fixed-income  portfolio is diversified within certain quality and maturity guidelines in an attempt to minimize
the adverse effects of interest rate fluctuations.    Other than for investments in alternative assets, certain
investments are prohibited. Prohibited investments include venture capital, private placements, unregistered or restricted stock, margin trading, commodities, short selling and rights and warrants. Foreign currency futures, options and forward
contracts may be used to manage foreign currency exposure.    The following is a summary of the fair value of
plan assets for foreign defined benefit pension plans at December 31, 2013 and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   Asset Class 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 5,028 
    
    
 $ 
 5,028 
    
    
 $ 
 5,733 
    
    
 $ 
 5,733 
    
 
   U.S. Mutual equity funds 
    
   
 14,408 
    
    
   
 14,408 
    
    
   
 11,738 
    
    
   
 11,738 
    
 
   Foreign mutual equity funds 
    
   
 103,132 
    
    
   
 103,132 
    
    
   
 83,437 
    
    
   
 83,437 
    
 
   Real estate 
    
   
 3,502 
    
    
   
 3,502 
    
    
   
 2,841 
    
    
   
 2,841 
    
 
   Mutual bond funds — Global 
    
   
 25,379 
    
    
   
 25,379 
    
    
   
 24,537 
    
    
   
 24,537 
    
 
   Life insurance 
    
   
 13,971 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 15,112 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total investments 
    
 $ 
 165,420 
    
    
 $ 
 151,449 
    
    
 $ 
 143,398 
    
    
 $ 
 128,286 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Equity funds, real estate funds and fixed income funds that are valued by the vendor
using observable market inputs are considered level 2 investments. Life insurance assets are considered level 3 investments as their values are determined by the sponsor using unobservable market data.  
 The following is a summary of the changes in the fair value of the foreign plans’ level 3 investments (fair
value determined using significant unobservable inputs):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Life Insurance 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 15,855 
    
 
   Actual return on assets: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized (losses) relating to instruments still held at the end of the year 
    
   
 (743 
 )  
 
   Realized gains (losses) relating to assets sold during the year 
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 15,112 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Actual return on assets: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized (losses) relating to instruments still held at the end of the year 
    
   
 (1,141 
 )  
 
   Realized gains (losses) relating to assets sold during the year 
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 13,971 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The objective of AMETEK, Inc.’s foreign defined benefit plans’
investment strategy is to maximize the long-term rate of return on plan investments, subject to a reasonable level of risk. Liability studies are also performed on a regular basis to provide guidance in setting investment goals with an objective to
balance risks against the current and future needs of the plans. The trustees consider the risk associated with the different asset classes, relative to the plans’ liabilities and how this can be affected by diversification, and the relative
returns available on equities, fixed-income investments, real estate and cash. Also, the likely volatility of those returns and the cash flow requirements of the plans are considered. It is expected that equities will outperform fixed-income
investments over the long term. However, the trustees recognize the fact that fixed-income investments may better match the liabilities for pensioners. Because of the relatively young active employee group covered by the plans and the immature
nature of the plans, the trustees have chosen to adopt an asset allocation strategy more heavily weighted toward equity investments. This asset allocation strategy will be reviewed, from time to time, in view of changes in market conditions and in
the plans’ liability profile. The actual and target allocations for the foreign defined benefit plans are approximately 70% equity securities, 15% fixed-income securities and 15% other securities, insurance or cash.  
 The assumption for the expected return on plan assets was developed based on a review of historical investment returns
for the investment categories for the defined benefit pension assets. This review also considered current capital market conditions and projected future investment returns. The estimates of future capital market returns by asset class are lower than
the actual long-term historical returns. The current low interest rate environment influences this outlook. Therefore, the assumed rate of return for U.S. plans is 7.75% and 6.93% for foreign plans in 2014.  
 The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with a
projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets and pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets were as follows at December 31:    U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plans:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Projected
Benefit Obligation Exceeds Fair Value of Assets 
   
    
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
Exceeds Fair Value of Assets 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 5,274 
    
    
 $ 
 21,390 
    
    
 $ 
 5,274 
    
    
 $ 
 21,390 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 14,134 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 14,134 
    
   Foreign Defined Benefit Pension Plans:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Projected Benefit Obligation
Exceeds Fair Value of Assets 
   
    
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
Exceeds Fair Value of Assets 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 101,166 
    
    
 $ 
 93,457 
    
    
 $ 
 33,386 
    
    
 $ 
 84,156 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 65,948 
    
    
   
 56,908 
    
    
   
 3,872 
    
    
   
 54,325 
    
 
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The following table provides the amounts recognized in the consolidated
balance sheet at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Funded status asset (liability): 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
 $ 
 683,808 
    
    
 $ 
 619,863 
    
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
    
   
 (613,853 
 )  
    
   
 (644,071 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Funded status at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 69,955 
    
    
 $ 
 (24,208 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet consisted of: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Noncurrent asset for pension benefits (other assets) 
    
 $ 
 110,447 
    
    
 $ 
 19,596 
    
 
   Current liabilities for pension benefits 
    
   
 (2,114 
 )  
    
   
 (1,925 
 )  
 
   Noncurrent liability for pension benefits 
    
   
 (38,378 
 )  
    
   
 (41,879 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net amount recognized at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 69,955 
    
    
 $ 
 (24,208 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table provides the amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of taxes, at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net amounts recognized: 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 65,610 
    
   
 $ 
 121,330 
    
 
   Prior service costs 
    
   
 (1,551 
 )  
   
   
 (1,501 
 )  
 
   Transition asset 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total recognized 
    
 $ 
 64,068 
    
   
 $ 
 119,838 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table provides the components of net periodic pension benefit expense
(income) for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Defined benefit plans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 6,323 
    
    
 $ 
 5,201 
    
    
 $ 
 4,362 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 26,000 
    
    
   
 27,620 
    
    
   
 28,515 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (45,008 
 )  
    
   
 (42,758 
 )  
    
   
 (45,049 
 )  
 
   Amortization of: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
   
 13,484 
    
    
   
 12,161 
    
    
   
 4,727 
    
 
   Prior service costs 
    
   
 (35 
 )  
    
   
 60 
    
    
   
 75 
    
 
   Transition asset 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 (22 
 )  
    
   
 (22 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total net periodic benefit expense (income) 
    
   
 763 
    
    
   
 2,262 
    
    
   
 (7,392 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other plans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Defined contribution plans 
    
   
 18,195 
    
    
   
 17,754 
    
    
   
 14,571 
    
 
   Foreign plans and other 
    
   
 5,151 
    
    
   
 4,936 
    
    
   
 5,586 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other plans 
    
   
 23,346 
    
    
   
 22,690 
    
    
   
 20,157 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total net pension expense 
    
 $ 
 24,109 
    
    
 $ 
 24,952 
    
    
 $ 
 12,765 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  The total net periodic benefit expense (income) is included in Cost of
sales in the consolidated statement of income. The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic pension benefit expense in 2014 for the net actuarial losses and prior service costs is expected
to be $4.2 million.    The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine the above net
periodic pension benefit expense for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   
   
     2011     
   


 
   U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plans: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.10 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.60 
 %  
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 7.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.00 
 %  
   
   
 8.00 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase (where applicable) 
    
   
 3.75 
 %  
   
   
 3.75 
 %  
   
   
 3.75 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Defined Benefit Pension Plans: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.44 
 %  
   
   
 5.22 
 %  
   
   
 5.71 
 %  
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 6.91 
 %  
   
   
 6.96 
 %  
   
   
 6.96 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase (where applicable) 
    
   
 2.89 
 %  
   
   
 2.97 
 %  
   
   
 2.97 
 %  
   Estimated Future Benefit Payments  
 The estimated future benefit payments for U.S. and foreign plans are as follows: 2014
 - $33.7 million;   2015 - $33.7 million;   2016 - $34.5 million;   2017 - $35.7 million;   2018 - $36.2 million;  2019 to  2023 - $196.7 million.  Future benefit
payments primarily represent amounts to be paid from pension trust assets. Amounts included that are to be paid from the Company’s assets are not significant in any individual year.    Postretirement Plans and Postemployment Benefits    The
Company provides limited postretirement benefits other than pensions for certain retirees and a small number of former employees. Benefits under these arrangements are not funded and are not significant.  
 The Company also provides limited postemployment benefits for certain former or inactive employees after employment but
before retirement. Those benefits are not significant in amount.    The Company has a deferred compensation
plan, which allows employees whose compensation exceeds the statutory IRS limit for retirement benefits to defer a portion of earned bonus compensation. The plan permits deferred amounts to be deemed invested in either, or a combination of,
(a) an interest-bearing account, benefits from which are payable out of the general assets of the Company, or (b) the equivalent of a fund which invests in shares of the Company’s common stock on behalf of the employee. The amount
deferred under the plan, including income earned, was $19.7 million and $20.6 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Administrative expense for the deferred compensation plan is borne by the Company and is not
significant.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 12. 
   Guarantees  
  The Company does not provide significant guarantees on a routine basis. The Company primarily issues
guarantees,  stand-by  letters of credit and surety bonds in the ordinary course of its business to provide financial or performance assurance to third parties on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries to
support or enhance the subsidiary’s stand-alone creditworthiness. The amounts subject to certain of these agreements vary depending on the covered contracts actually outstanding at any particular point in time. At December 31, 2013, the
maximum amount of future payment obligations relative to these various guarantees was $87.2 million and the outstanding liability under certain of those guarantees was $3.5 million.    Indemnifications    In conjunction with certain acquisition
and divestiture transactions, the Company may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible future unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events (e.g., breaches of contract obligations or retention
of previously existing environmental, tax or employee liabilities) whose terms range in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, the obligation for such indemnifications is recorded as a liability. Because the amount of
these types of indemnifications generally is not specifically stated, the overall maximum amount of the obligation under such indemnifications cannot be reasonably estimated. Further, the Company indemnifies its directors and officers for claims
against them in connection with their positions with the Company. Historically, any such costs incurred to settle claims related to these indemnifications have been minimal for the Company. The Company believes that future payments, if any, under
all existing indemnification agreements would not have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.    Product Warranties    The Company provides limited
warranties in connection with the sale of its products. The warranty periods for products sold vary widely among the Company’s operations, but for the most part do not exceed one year. The Company calculates its warranty expense provision based
on past warranty experience and adjustments are made periodically to reflect actual warranty expenses.  
 Changes in the accrued product warranty obligation were as follows at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Balance at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 27,792 
    
    
 $ 
 22,466 
    
    
 $ 
 18,347 
    
 
   Accruals for warranties issued during the year 
    
   
 8,588 
    
    
   
 10,089 
    
    
   
 13,247 
    
 
   Settlements made during the year 
    
   
 (10,484 
 )  
    
   
 (10,602 
 )  
    
   
 (10,175 
 )  
 
   Warranty accruals related to acquired businesses and other during the year 
    
   
 2,140 
    
    
   
 5,839 
    
    
   
 1,047 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 28,036 
    
    
 $ 
 27,792 
    
    
 $ 
 22,466 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Certain settlements of warranties made during the period were for specific nonrecurring
warranty obligations. Product warranty obligations are reported as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 13. 
   Contingencies  
  Asbestos Litigation    The Company (including its subsidiaries) has been named as a defendant, along with many other companies, in a number of asbestos-related lawsuits. Many of these lawsuits either relate to businesses which
were acquired by the Company and do not involve products which were manufactured or sold by the Company or relate to previously owned businesses of the Company which are under new ownership. In connection with many of these lawsuits, the sellers or
new owners of such businesses, as the case may be, have agreed to indemnify the Company against these claims (the “Indemnified Claims”). The Indemnified Claims have been tendered to, and are being defended by, such sellers and new owners.
These sellers and new owners have met their obligations, in all respects, and the Company does not have any reason to believe such parties would fail to fulfill their obligations in the future; however, one of these companies filed for bankruptcy
liquidation in 2007. To date, no judgments have been rendered against the Company as a result of any asbestos-related lawsuit. The Company believes it has strong defenses to the claims being asserted and intends to continue to vigorously defend
itself in these matters.    Environmental Matters  
 Certain historic processes in the manufacture of products have resulted in environmentally hazardous waste by-products as
defined by federal and state laws and regulations. At December 31, 2013, the Company is named a Potentially Responsible Party (“PRP”) at 15 non-AMETEK-owned former waste disposal or treatment sites (the “non-owned” sites).
The Company is identified as a “de minimis” party in 13 of these sites based on the low volume of waste attributed to the Company relative to the amounts attributed to other named PRPs. In nine of these sites, the Company has reached a
tentative agreement on the cost of the de minimis settlement to satisfy its obligation and is awaiting executed agreements. The tentatively agreed-to settlement amounts are fully reserved. In the other four sites, the Company is continuing to
investigate the accuracy of the alleged volume attributed to the Company as estimated by the parties primarily responsible for remedial activity at the sites to establish an appropriate settlement amount. At the two remaining sites where the Company
is a non-de minimis PRP, the Company is participating in the investigation and/or related required remediation as part of a PRP Group or investigating the PRP claim and reserves have been established sufficient to satisfy the Company’s expected
obligations. The Company historically has resolved these issues within established reserve levels and reasonably expects this result will continue. In addition to these non-owned sites, the Company has an ongoing practice of providing reserves for
probable remediation activities at certain of its current or previously owned manufacturing locations (the “owned” sites). For claims and proceedings against the Company with respect to other environmental matters, reserves are established
once the Company has determined that a loss is probable and estimable. This estimate is refined as the Company moves through the various stages of investigation, risk assessment, feasibility study and corrective action processes. In certain
instances, the Company has developed a range of estimates for such costs and has recorded a liability based on the low end of the range. It is reasonably possible that the actual cost of remediation of the individual sites could vary from the
current estimates and the amounts accrued in the consolidated financial statements; however, the amounts of such variances are not expected to result in a material change to the consolidated financial statements. In estimating the Company’s
liability for remediation, the Company also considers the likely proportionate share of the anticipated remediation expense and the ability of the other PRPs to fulfill their obligations.  
 Total environmental reserves at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $21.9 million and $23.6 million,
respectively, for both non-owned and owned sites. In 2013, the Company recorded $1.6 million in reserves. Additionally, the Company spent $3.3 million on environmental matters in 2013. The Company’s reserves for
 
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
environmental liabilities at December 31, 2013 and 2012 include reserves of $13.3 million and $14.7 million, respectively, for an owned site acquired in connection with the 2005
acquisition of HCC Industries (“HCC”). The Company is the designated performing party for the performance of remedial activities for one of several operating units making up a Superfund site in the San Gabriel Valley of California.
The Company has obtained indemnifications and other financial assurances from the former owners of HCC related to the costs of the required remedial activities. At December 31, 2013, the Company had $11.3 million in receivables related to
HCC for probable recoveries from third-party escrow funds and other committed third-party funds to support the required remediation. Also, the Company is indemnified by HCC’s former owners for approximately $19.0 million of additional
costs.    The Company has agreements with other former owners of certain of its acquired businesses, as well as
new owners of previously owned businesses. Under certain of the agreements, the former or new owners retained, or assumed and agreed to indemnify the Company against, certain environmental and other liabilities under certain circumstances. The
Company and some of these other parties also carry insurance coverage for some environmental matters. To date, these parties have met their obligations in all material respects.  
 The Company believes it has established reserves which are sufficient to perform all known responsibilities under
existing claims and consent orders. The Company has no reason to believe that other third parties would fail to perform their obligations in the future. In the opinion of management, based upon presently available information and past experience
related to such matters, an adequate provision for probable costs has been made and the ultimate cost resulting from these actions is not expected to materially affect the consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows of the
Company.      

 
 
 14. 
   Leases and Other Commitments  
  Minimum aggregate rental commitments under noncancellable leases in effect at December 31, 2013
(principally for production and administrative facilities and equipment) amounted to $155.9 million, consisting of payments of $32.9 million in 2014, $25.8 million in 2015, $19.6 million in 2016, $13.5 million in 2017,
$10.5 million in 2018 and $53.6 million thereafter. The leases expire over a range of years from 2014 to 2082, with renewal or purchase options, subject to various terms and conditions, contained in most of the leases. Rental expense was
$39.5 million in 2013, $28.0 million in 2012 and $26.4 million in 2011.    As of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had $335.0 million and $325.6 million, respectively, in purchase obligations outstanding, which primarily consisted of contractual commitments to purchase certain inventories at fixed prices.
     

 
 
 15. 
   Reportable Segments and Geographic Areas Information  
  Descriptive Information about Reportable Segments  
 The Company has two reportable segments, EIG and EMG. The Company identifies its operating segments for segment reporting
purposes primarily on the basis of product type, production processes, distribution methods and management organizations.    EIG produces instrumentation for various electronic applications used in transportation industries, including aircraft cockpit instruments and displays, airborne electronics systems that monitor and
record flight and engine data, and pressure, temperature, flow and liquid-level sensors for commercial airlines and aircraft and jet engine manufacturers. EIG also produces analytical instrumentation for the medical, laboratory and research markets,
as  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
well as instruments for food service equipment, measurement and monitoring instrumentation for various process industries and instruments and complete instrument panels for heavy trucks, and
heavy construction and agricultural vehicles. EIG also manufactures ultra precise measurement instrumentation, as well as thermoplastic compounds for automotive, appliance and telecommunications applications.  
 EMG produces brushless air-moving motors for aerospace, mass transit, medical equipment, computer and business machine
applications. EMG also produces high-purity metal powders and alloys in powder, strip and wire form for electronic components, aircraft and automotive products, as well as heat exchangers and thermal management subsystems. EMG also supplies
hermetically sealed (moisture-proof) connectors, terminals and headers. These electromechanical devices are used in aerospace, defense, medical and other industrial applications. Additionally, EMG produces air-moving electric motors and motor-blower
systems for manufacturers of floorcare appliances and outdoor power equipment.    Measurement of Segment Results  
 Segment operating income represents net sales less all direct costs and expenses (including certain administrative and
other expenses) applicable to each segment, but does not include interest expense. Net sales by segment are reported after elimination of intra- and intersegment sales and profits, which are insignificant in amount. Reported segment assets include
allocations directly related to the segment’s operations. Corporate assets consist primarily of investments, prepaid pensions, insurance deposits and deferred taxes.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Reportable Segment Financial Information  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Net sales(1): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 2,034,594 
    
   
 $ 
 1,872,557 
    
   
 $ 
 1,647,195 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 1,559,542 
    
   
   
 1,461,656 
    
   
   
 1,342,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated net sales 
    
 $ 
 3,594,136 
    
   
 $ 
 3,334,213 
    
   
 $ 
 2,989,914 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income and income before income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Segment operating income(2): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 552,110 
    
   
 $ 
 497,116 
    
   
 $ 
 420,197 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 309,402 
    
   
   
 292,205 
    
   
   
 262,710 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total segment operating income 
    
   
 861,512 
    
   
   
 789,321 
    
   
   
 682,907 
    
 
   Corporate administrative and other expenses 
    
   
 (46,433 
 )  
   
   
 (43,449 
 )  
   
   
 (46,966 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating income 
    
   
 815,079 
    
   
   
 745,872 
    
   
   
 635,941 
    
 
   Interest and other expenses, net 
    
   
 (90,284 
 )  
   
   
 (83,397 
 )  
   
   
 (79,299 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 724,795 
    
   
 $ 
 662,475 
    
   
 $ 
 556,642 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 3,166,917 
    
   
 $ 
 2,616,609 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 2,419,059 
    
   
   
 2,405,673 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total segment assets 
    
   
 5,585,976 
    
   
   
 5,022,282 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 291,926 
    
   
   
 167,774 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated assets 
    
 $ 
 5,877,902 
    
   
 $ 
 5,190,056 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Additions to property, plant and equipment(3): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 37,597 
    
   
 $ 
 39,400 
    
   
 $ 
 27,196 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 35,025 
    
   
   
 67,935 
    
   
   
 30,977 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total segment additions to property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 72,622 
    
   
   
 107,335 
    
   
   
 58,173 
    
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 3,021 
    
   
   
 1,840 
    
   
   
 2,419 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated additions to property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 75,643 
    
   
 $ 
 109,175 
    
   
 $ 
 60,592 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electronic Instruments 
    
 $ 
 57,808 
    
   
 $ 
 50,473 
    
   
 $ 
 39,749 
    
 
   Electromechanical 
    
   
 59,988 
    
   
   
 54,406 
    
   
   
 46,143 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total segment depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 117,796 
    
   
   
 104,879 
    
   
   
 85,892 
    
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 861 
    
   
   
 592 
    
   
   
 640 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 118,657 
    
   
 $ 
 105,471 
    
   
 $ 
 86,532 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   After elimination of intra- and intersegment sales, which are not significant in amount.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   Segment operating income represents net sales less all direct costs and expenses (including certain administrative and other expenses) applicable to
each segment, but does not include interest expense.      
 
 
 (3) 
   Includes $12.3 million in 2013, $51.7 million in 2012 and $9.8 million in 2011 from acquired businesses.
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  Geographic Areas  
 Information about the Company’s operations in different geographic areas for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011 is shown below. Net sales were attributed to geographic areas based on the location of the customer. Accordingly, U.S. export sales are reported in international sales.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Net sales: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 1,609,661 
    
    
 $ 
 1,626,577 
    
    
 $ 
 1,488,773 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   International(1): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 201,543 
    
    
   
 189,704 
    
    
   
 174,714 
    
 
   European Union countries 
    
   
 627,116 
    
    
   
 526,193 
    
    
   
 456,035 
    
 
   Asia 
    
   
 679,490 
    
    
   
 620,456 
    
    
   
 546,542 
    
 
   Other foreign countries 
    
   
 476,326 
    
    
   
 371,283 
    
    
   
 323,850 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total international 
    
   
 1,984,475 
    
    
   
 1,707,636 
    
    
   
 1,501,141 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total consolidated 
    
 $ 
 3,594,136 
    
    
 $ 
 3,334,213 
    
    
 $ 
 2,989,914 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets from continuing operations (excluding intangible assets): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 200,795 
    
    
 $ 
 203,438 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   International(2): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 53,744 
    
    
   
 50,830 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   European Union countries 
    
   
 87,210 
    
    
   
 83,488 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Asia 
    
   
 16,378 
    
    
   
 19,060 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Other foreign countries 
    
   
 44,663 
    
    
   
 26,667 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total international 
    
   
 201,995 
    
    
   
 180,045 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total consolidated 
    
 $ 
 402,790 
    
    
 $ 
 383,483 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
         
 
 
 (1) 
   Includes U.S. export sales of $1,037.0 million in 2013, $862.6 million in 2012 and $774.9 million in 2011.
     
 
 
 (2) 
   Represents long-lived assets of foreign-based operations only.  
   

 
 
 16. 
   Additional Consolidated Income Statement and Cash Flow Information  
  Included in other income are interest and other investment income of $1.0 million,
$1.6 million and $0.8 million for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Income taxes paid in 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $173.4 million, $171.2 million and $130.1 million, respectively. Cash paid for interest was
$72.7 million, $75.0 million and $68.2 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.      

 
 
 17. 
   Stockholders’ Equity  
  In 2012, the Company repurchased approximately 141,000 shares of common stock for
$4.6 million in cash under its share repurchase authorization. At December 31, 2012, $100.9 million was available under the Board  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  AMETEK, Inc.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)  
   
  
authorization for future share repurchases. In 2013, the Company repurchased approximately 206,000 shares of common stock for $8.5 million in cash under its share repurchase
authorization. At December 31, 2013, $92.4 million was available under the Board authorization for future share repurchases.    At December 31, 2013, the Company held 13.0 million shares in its treasury at a cost of $215.9 million, compared with 13.1 million shares at a cost of $211.4 million at
December 31, 2012. The number of shares outstanding at December 31, 2013 was 245.0 million shares, compared with 243.4 million shares at December 31, 2012.  
 The Company has a Shareholder Rights Plan, under which the Company’s Board of Directors declared a dividend of one
Right for each share of Company common stock owned at the close of business on June 2, 2007, and has authorized the issuance of one Right for each share of common stock of the Company issued between the Record Date and the Distribution Date.
The Plan provides, under certain conditions involving acquisition of the Company’s common stock, that holders of Rights, except for the acquiring entity, would be entitled (i) to purchase shares of preferred stock at a specified exercise
price, or (ii) to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, or the acquiring company, having a value of twice the Rights exercise price. The Rights under the Plan expire in June 2017.  
   

 
 
 18. 
   Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 First Quarter 
   
    
 Second Quarter 
   
    
 Third Quarter 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Total Year 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 882,853 
    
    
 $ 
 878,809 
    
    
 $ 
 890,006 
    
    
 $ 
 942,468 
    
    
 $ 
 3,594,136 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 197,235 
    
    
 $ 
 202,613 
    
    
 $ 
 204,686 
    
    
 $ 
 210,545 
    
    
 $ 
 815,079 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 125,146 
    
    
 $ 
 128,321 
    
    
 $ 
 127,864 
    
    
 $ 
 135,668 
    
    
 $ 
 516,999 
    
 
   Basic earnings per share* 
    
 $ 
 0.51 
    
    
 $ 
 0.53 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
    
 $ 
 0.55 
    
    
 $ 
 2.12 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share* 
    
 $ 
 0.51 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
    
 $ 
 0.55 
    
    
 $ 
 2.10 
    
 
   Dividends paid per share* 
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.24 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 827,152 
    
    
 $ 
 825,898 
    
    
 $ 
 839,373 
    
    
 $ 
 841,790 
    
    
 $ 
 3,334,213 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 182,776 
    
    
 $ 
 184,978 
    
    
 $ 
 188,164 
    
    
 $ 
 189,954 
    
    
 $ 
 745,872 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 110,150 
    
    
 $ 
 113,687 
    
    
 $ 
 115,397 
    
    
 $ 
 119,898 
    
    
 $ 
 459,132 
    
 
   Basic earnings per share* 
    
 $ 
 0.46 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.48 
    
    
 $ 
 0.49 
    
    
 $ 
 1.90 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share* 
    
 $ 
 0.45 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.49 
    
    
 $ 
 1.88 
    
 
   Dividends paid per share* 
    
 $ 
 0.04 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.22 
    
         
 
 
 * 
   The sum of quarterly earnings per share may not equal total year earnings per share due to rounding of earnings per share amounts, and differences
in weighted average shares and equivalent shares outstanding for each of the periods presented.  

      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
 None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures    Disclosure
Controls and Procedures    The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is
designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed, is accumulated and communicated to management in a timely manner. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the
Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our system of disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act
 Rule 13a-15(b)  as of December 31, 2013. Based on that evaluation, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls
and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level.    Such evaluation did not identify any change
in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2013 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
   Internal Control over Financial Reporting    Management’s report on the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.  The report of the independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is included in Part II, Item 8 of this
Annual Report on  Form 10-K.       
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information    None.    PART III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance      
 
 
   
 a) 
   Directors of the Registrant.    Information with respect to Directors of the Company is set forth under the heading “Election of Directors” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
   
 b) 
   Executive Officers of the Registrant.    Information with respect to executive officers of the Company is set forth under the heading “Executive Officers” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 c) 
   Section 16(a) Compliance.    Information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is set forth under the heading “Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
   
 d) 
   Identification of the Audit Committee.    Information concerning the audit committee of the Company is set forth under the heading “Committees of the Board” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
   
 e) 
   Audit Committee Financial Expert.    Information concerning the audit committee financial expert of the Company is set forth under the heading “Committees of the Board” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
   
 f) 
   Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee.  
 Information concerning any material changes to the way in which security holders may recommend nominees to the
Company’s Board of Directors is set forth under the heading “Corporate Governance” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 
 
   
 g) 
   Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers.  
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer, which may be found on the Company’s website at  www.ametek.com . Any amendments to the Code of Ethics or any grant of a waiver from the provisions of the Code of Ethics requiring disclosure under applicable Securities
and Exchange Commission rules will be disclosed on the Company’s website.      
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation    Information regarding executive compensation, including the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” the “Report of the Compensation Committee,” “Compensation Tables” and
“Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control” is set forth under the heading “Executive Compensation” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein
by reference.      
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing under “Stock
Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors” and “Beneficial Ownership of Principal Stockholders” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.
     
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
 Information appearing under “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Independence” in
the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services    Information appearing under “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
is incorporated herein by reference.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules    Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules    (1)
Financial Statements:    Financial statements are shown in the Index to Financial Statements included in
Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.   
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules:  
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is
included in the financial statements or the notes thereto.    (3) Exhibits:  
 Exhibits are shown in the index included in Part II, Item 15(3) of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.   
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 AMETEK, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    F RANK  S.
H ERMANCE         
 
 
   
 Frank S. Hermance, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   Date: February 26, 2014  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    F RANK  S.
H ERMANCE           Frank S. Hermance 
    
   Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    R OBERT  R. M ANDOS ,
J R .           Robert R. Mandos, Jr. 
    
   Executive Vice President —   Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    W ILLIAM  J.
B URKE           William J. Burke 
    
   Senior Vice President —   Comptroller & Treasurer   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    R UBY  R.
C HANDY           Ruby R. Chandy 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    A NTHONY  J.
C ONTI           Anthony J. Conti 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    C HARLES  D.
K LEIN           Charles D. Klein 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    S TEVEN  W.
K OHLHAGEN           Steven W. Kohlhagen 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    J AMES  R.
M ALONE           James R. Malone 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    E LIZABETH  R.
V ARET           Elizabeth R. Varet 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    D ENNIS  K.
W ILLIAMS           Dennis K. Williams 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Index to Exhibits  
 Item 15(3)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
 Number 
    
   Description 
    
   Incorporated Herein by Reference to 


 
   3.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMETEK, Inc., dated May 8, 2013. 
    
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated May 9, 2013, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
   3.2 
    
 By-Laws  of AMETEK, Inc. as amended to and including April 29, 2010. 
    
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q, dated March 31, 2010, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
   4.1 
    
 Rights Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2007, between AMETEK, Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 
    
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated June 5, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
   4.2 
    
 AMETEK, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, dated as of April 24, 2007 (the “2007 Plan”).* 
    
 Exhibit 4 to Form S-8 dated May 10, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
   4.3 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the 2007 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 4.3 to 2012 Form 10-K, SEC File  No. 1-12981. 
 
   4.4 
    
 AMETEK, Inc. 2011 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, dated as of May 3, 2011 (the “2011 Plan”).* 
    
 Exhibit 4 to Form S-8 dated May 6, 2011, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
   4.5 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the 2011 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 4.5 to 2012 Form 10-K, SEC File  No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.1 
    
 Amended and restated AMETEK, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated as of October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.2 
    
 Amended and restated AMETEK, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan dated October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.3 
    
 Amended and restated AMETEK, Inc. Supplemental Senior Executive Death Benefit Plan, dated as of July 25, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q, dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.4 
    
 Amended and restated AMETEK, Inc. 2004 Executive Death Benefit Plan dated as of July 25, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.5 
    
 Amended and restated AMETEK, Inc. Death Benefit Program for Directors dated as of October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.6 
    
 Form of amended and restated Termination and Change of Control Agreement between AMETEK, Inc. and a named executive, dated October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.7 
    
 Amended and restated Termination and Change of Control Agreement between AMETEK, Inc. and a named executive, dated October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 The AMETEK Retirement and Savings Plan, as amended and restated to January 1, 2002 (the “Savings Plan”).* 
    
 Exhibit 10.4 to 2003 Form 10-K, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
 Number 
    
   Description 
    
   Incorporated Herein by Reference to 


 
 10.9 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Savings Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.5 to 2003 Form 10-K, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
 10.10 
    
 Form of Severance Benefit Agreement between the Company and certain executives of the Company.* 
    
 Exhibit (10) (ww) to 1989 Form 10-K, SEC File No. 1-168. 
 
 10.11 
    
 Form of Supplemental Retirement Benefit Agreement between the Company and certain executives of the Company, dated as of May 21, 1991.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.61 to 1991 Form  10-K,  SEC File No. 1-168. 
 
 10.12 
    
 Amended and restated AMETEK, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan dated as of October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.13 
    
 1999 Stock Incentive Plan of AMETEK, Inc. (the “1999 Plan”).* 
    
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 dated June 11, 1999, SEC File No. 333-80449. 
 
  10.14 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 dated June 11, 1999, SEC File No. 333-80449. 
 
  10.15 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2000, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.16 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2002, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.17 
    
 Amendment No. 4 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2002, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.18 
    
 Amendment No. 5 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.19 
    
 Amendment No. 6 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2004, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.20 
    
 Amendment No. 7 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2006, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.21 
    
 Amendment No. 8 to the 1999 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.21 to 2012 Form 10-K, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.22 
    
 2002 Stock Incentive Plan of AMETEK, Inc., as amended and restated as of April 25, 2007 (the “2002 Plan”).* 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.23 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the 2002 Plan.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.23 to 2012 Form 10-K, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.24 
    
 Form of amended and restated Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and certain executives of the Company, dated October 24, 2007.* 
    
 Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.25 
    
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 22, 2011 among AMETEK, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Bank of America, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association,
SunTrust Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as  Co-Syndication  Agents (the “Credit Agreement”). 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 27, 2011, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
 Number 
   
   Description 
    
   Incorporated Herein by Reference to 


 
  10.26 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement. 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2013, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.27** 
   
 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement. 
    
 
 
  10.28 
   
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2007. 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 5, 2007, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  10.29 
   
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2008. 
    
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 19, 2008, SEC File No. 1-12981. 
 
  12** 
   
 Statement regarding computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges. 
    
 
 
  21** 
   
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
    
 
 
  23** 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
    
 
 
  31.1** 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
 
  31.2** 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
 
  32.1** 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
 
  32.2** 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
 
 101.INS** 
   
 XBRL Instance Document. 
    
 
 
 101.SCH** 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
    
 
 
 101.CAL** 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
    
 
 
 101.DEF** 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
    
 
 
 101.LAB** 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
    
 
 
 101.PRE** 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
    
 
         
 
 
 * 
   Management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  
   
 
 
 ** 
   Filed with electronic submission.  
      86  


 
 
 
