
 10-K
 1
 d852730d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549      
     Form 10-K
         
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014  
  Or      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from
                     to
                     
 Commission File Number 1-11239      
     HCA Holdings,
Inc.    (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  
       
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 27-3865930 
 
   (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
   One Park Plaza   Nashville, Tennessee 
   
 37203 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (615) 344-9551  
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
 Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K
(§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or
any amendment to this Form 10-K.   x     Indicate by
check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and
“smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer 
   
   x 
    
   Accelerated filer 
   
   ¨ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-accelerated filer 
   
   ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
   Smaller reporting company 
   
   ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 As of January 31, 2015, there were 420,576,500 outstanding shares of the Registrant’s common stock. As of
June 30, 2014, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by nonaffiliates was approximately $18.502 billion. For purposes of the foregoing calculation only, Hercules Holding II, LLC and the Registrant’s directors and executive
officers have been deemed to be affiliates.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy materials for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated
by reference into Part III hereof.          
   

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page Reference 
   


 
 
 
 
 
   Part I 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
    
 Business 
    
   
 3 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1A. 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 36 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1B. 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 51 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 2. 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 51 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 3. 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 52 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 4. 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 54 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Part II 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
    
   
 55 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 6. 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 57 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 7. 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
    
   
 59 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 7A. 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
   
 83 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 8. 
    
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 83 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9. 
    
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
    
   
 83 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9A. 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 83 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9B. 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 85 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Part III 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 85 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 11. 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 85 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 12. 
    
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
    
   
 85 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 86 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 14. 
    
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 86 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Part IV 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 87 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Signatures 
    
   
 99 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I    Item 1.     Business     General    HCA Holdings, Inc. is one of the leading health
care services companies in the United States. At December 31, 2014, we operated 166 hospitals, comprised of 162 general, acute care hospitals; three psychiatric hospitals; and one rehabilitation hospital. In addition, we operated 113
freestanding surgery centers. Our facilities are located in 20 states and England.    The terms
“Company,” “HCA,” “we,” “our” or “us,” as used herein and unless otherwise stated or indicated by context, refer to HCA Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates. The term “affiliates” means direct
and indirect subsidiaries of HCA Holdings, Inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners. The terms “facilities” or “hospitals” refer to entities owned and operated by affiliates of HCA, and the
term “employees” refers to employees of affiliates of HCA.    Our primary objective is to provide a
comprehensive array of quality health care services in the most cost-effective manner possible. Our general, acute care hospitals typically provide a full range of services to accommodate such medical specialties as internal medicine, general
surgery, cardiology, oncology, neurosurgery, orthopedics and obstetrics, as well as diagnostic and emergency services. Outpatient and ancillary health care services are provided by our general, acute care hospitals, freestanding surgery centers,
freestanding emergency care facilities, diagnostic centers and rehabilitation facilities. Our psychiatric hospitals provide a full range of mental health care services through inpatient, partial hospitalization and outpatient settings.  
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol “HCA”). The Company was incorporated in
Nevada in January 1990 and reincorporated in Delaware in September 1993. Our principal executive offices are located at One Park Plaza, Nashville, Tennessee 37203, and our telephone number is (615) 344-9551.  
 Available Information    We file certain reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on
Form 8-K. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. We are an electronic filer, and the SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file electronically. Our website
address is www.hcahealthcare.com. Please note that our website address is provided as an inactive textual reference only. We make available free of charge, through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or
furnished to the SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is specifically referenced elsewhere in this report.  
 Our Code of Conduct is available free of charge upon request to our Corporate Secretary, HCA Holdings, Inc., One Park
Plaza, Nashville, Tennessee 37203.    Business Strategy  
 We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our
business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   grow our presence in existing markets;  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   achieve industry-leading performance in clinical and satisfaction measures;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   recruit and employ physicians to meet the need for high quality health services;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   continue to leverage our scale and market positions to enhance profitability; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   selectively pursue a disciplined development strategy.    Health Care Facilities    We currently own, manage or operate
hospitals, freestanding surgery centers, diagnostic and imaging centers, radiation and oncology therapy centers, comprehensive rehabilitation and physical therapy centers and various other facilities.  
 At December 31, 2014, we owned and operated 162 general, acute care hospitals with 42,860 licensed beds. Most of our
general, acute care hospitals provide medical and surgical services, including inpatient care, intensive care, cardiac care, diagnostic services and emergency services. The general, acute care hospitals also provide outpatient services such as
outpatient surgery, laboratory, radiology, respiratory therapy, cardiology and physical therapy. Each hospital has an organized medical staff and a local board of trustees or governing board, made up of members of the local community.  
 Our hospitals do not typically engage in extensive medical research and education programs. However, some of our
hospitals are affiliated with medical schools and may participate in the clinical rotation of medical interns and residents and other education programs.    At December 31, 2014, we operated three psychiatric hospitals with 396 licensed beds. Our psychiatric hospitals provide therapeutic programs including child, adolescent and adult psychiatric care,
adult and adolescent alcohol and drug abuse treatment and counseling.    We also operate outpatient health care
facilities, which include freestanding ambulatory surgery centers (“ASCs”), freestanding emergency care facilities, diagnostic and imaging centers, comprehensive outpatient rehabilitation and physical therapy centers, outpatient radiation
and oncology therapy centers and various other facilities. These outpatient services are an integral component of our strategy to develop comprehensive health care networks in select communities. Most of our ASCs are operated through partnerships or
limited liability companies, with majority ownership of each partnership or limited liability company typically held by a general partner or member that is an affiliate of HCA.  
 Certain of our affiliates provide a variety of management services to our health care facilities, including patient
safety programs, ethics and compliance programs, national supply contracts, equipment purchasing and leasing contracts, accounting, financial and clinical systems, governmental reimbursement assistance, construction planning and coordination,
information technology systems and solutions, legal counsel, human resources services and internal audit services.    Sources
of Revenue    Hospital revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the medical and ancillary services
ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or payment rates for such services. Charges and reimbursement rates for inpatient services vary significantly depending on the type of payer, the
type of service (e.g., medical/surgical, intensive care or psychiatric) and the geographic location of the hospital. Inpatient occupancy levels fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are beyond our control.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We receive payments for patient services from the federal government under
the Medicare program, state governments under their respective Medicaid or similar programs, managed care plans (includes plans offered through the health insurance exchanges, beginning in 2014), private insurers and directly from patients. Our
revenues from third-party payers and the uninsured for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 Ratio 
   
   
 2013 
   
    
 Ratio 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 Ratio 
   


 
   Medicare 
    
 $ 
 8,354 
    
    
   
 22.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 7,951 
    
    
   
 23.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 8,292 
    
    
   
 25.1 
 %  
 
   Managed Medicare 
    
   
 3,614 
    
    
   
 9.8 
    
   
   
 3,279 
    
    
   
 9.6 
    
   
   
 2,954 
    
    
   
 8.9 
    
 
   Medicaid 
    
   
 1,848 
    
    
   
 5.0 
    
   
   
 1,480 
    
    
   
 4.3 
    
   
   
 1,464 
    
    
   
 4.4 
    
 
   Managed Medicaid 
    
   
 1,923 
    
    
   
 5.2 
    
   
   
 1,570 
    
    
   
 4.6 
    
   
   
 1,504 
    
    
   
 4.6 
    
 
   Managed care and other insurers 
    
   
 20,066 
    
    
   
 54.4 
    
   
   
 18,654 
    
    
   
 54.6 
    
   
   
 17,998 
    
    
   
 54.5 
    
 
   International (managed care and other insurers) 
    
   
 1,311 
    
    
   
 3.6 
    
   
   
 1,175 
    
    
   
 3.4 
    
   
   
 1,060 
    
    
   
 3.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 37,116 
    
    
   
 100.6 
    
   
   
 34,109 
    
    
   
 99.8 
    
   
   
 33,272 
    
    
   
 100.7 
    
 
   Uninsured 
    
   
 1,494 
    
    
   
 4.0 
    
   
   
 2,677 
    
    
   
 7.8 
    
   
   
 2,580 
    
    
   
 7.8 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,477 
    
    
   
 4.0 
    
   
   
 1,254 
    
    
   
 3.7 
    
   
   
 931 
    
    
   
 2.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 40,087 
    
    
   
 108.6 
    
   
   
 38,040 
    
    
   
 111.3 
    
   
   
 36,783 
    
    
   
 111.3 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 (3,169 
 )  
    
   
 (8.6 
 )  
   
   
 (3,858 
 )  
    
   
 (11.3 
 )  
   
   
 (3,770 
 )  
    
   
 (11.3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 36,918 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 34,182 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 33,013 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance
benefits to persons age 65 and over, some disabled persons, persons with end-stage renal disease and persons with Lou Gehrig’s Disease. Medicaid is a federal-state program, administered by the states, which provides hospital and medical
benefits to qualifying individuals who are unable to afford health care. All of our general, acute care hospitals located in the United States are eligible to participate in Medicare and Medicaid programs. Amounts received under Medicare and
Medicaid programs are generally significantly less than established hospital gross charges for the services provided.    Our hospitals generally offer discounts from established charges to certain group purchasers of health care services, including private insurance companies, employers, health maintenance organizations
(“HMOs”), preferred provider organizations (“PPOs”) and other managed care plans, including plans offered through the American Health Benefit Exchanges (“Exchanges”). These discount programs generally limit our ability
to increase revenues in response to increasing costs. See Item 1, “Business — Competition.” Patients are generally not responsible for the total difference between established hospital gross charges and amounts reimbursed
for such services under Medicare, Medicaid, HMOs, PPOs and other managed care plans, but are responsible to the extent of any exclusions, deductibles or coinsurance features of their coverage. The amount of such exclusions, deductibles and
coinsurance continues to increase. Collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than from governmental or third-party payers. We provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for Medicaid or charity care under
our charity care policy. In implementing the uninsured discount policy, we attempt to qualify uninsured patients for Medicaid, other federal or state assistance or charity care under our charity care policy. If an uninsured patient does not qualify
for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied.    Medicare  
 In addition to the reimbursement reductions and adjustments discussed below, the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the
“BCA”) requires automatic spending reductions to reduce the federal deficit, including Medicare spending reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year, with a uniform percentage reduction across all Medicare programs. These automatic
spending reductions began on March 1, 2013, with CMS imposing a 2% reduction on Medicare claims beginning on April 1, 2013. These reductions have been extended through 2024.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Inpatient Acute Care  
 Under the Medicare program, we receive reimbursement under a prospective payment system (“PPS”) for general,
acute care hospital inpatient services. Under the hospital inpatient PPS, fixed payment amounts per inpatient discharge are established based on the patient’s assigned Medicare severity diagnosis-related group (“MS-DRG”). MS-DRGs
classify treatments for illnesses according to the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to furnish care for each principal diagnosis. MS-DRG weights represent the average resources for a given MS-DRG relative to the average resources
for all MS-DRGs. MS-DRG payments are adjusted for area wage differentials. Hospitals, other than those defined as “new,” receive PPS reimbursement for inpatient capital costs based on MS-DRG weights multiplied by a geographically adjusted
federal rate. When the cost to treat certain patients falls well outside the normal distribution, providers typically receive additional “outlier” payments.  
 MS-DRG rates are updated, and MS-DRG weights are recalibrated, using cost-relative weights each federal fiscal year
(which begins October 1). The index used to update the MS-DRG rates (the “market basket”) gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals and entities outside the health care industry in purchasing goods and services.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “Health Reform Law”), provides for annual decreases to the market basket, including the following
reductions for each of the following federal fiscal years: 0.2% in 2015 and 2016 and 0.75% in 2017, 2018 and 2019. For each federal fiscal year, the Health Reform Law provides for the annual market basket update to be further reduced by a
productivity adjustment based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics (“BLS”) 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. At the time of enactment, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
(“CMS”) estimated that the combined market basket and productivity adjustments would reduce Medicare payments under the inpatient PPS by $112.6 billion from 2010 to 2019. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 requires a negative
documentation and coding adjustment for four years beginning in federal fiscal year 2014. It is estimated that this documentation and coding adjustment will reduce Medicare inpatient PPS payments by $10.5 billion. A decrease in payment rates or an
increase in rates that is below the increase in our costs may adversely affect our results of operations.    For
federal fiscal year 2014, CMS increased the MS-DRG rate by 0.7%. This increase reflected a 2.5% market basket increase, the 0.3% reduction required by the Health Reform Law, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment, a negative 0.8% prospective
documentation and coding adjustment and a negative 0.2% adjustment to offset projected spending increases associated with new admission and medical review criteria for inpatient services commonly known as the “two midnight rule.” Under the
rule, Medicare beneficiaries are only to be admitted as inpatients when there is a reasonable expectation that the hospital care is medically necessary and will be required across two midnights, absent unusual circumstances. Compliance with the two
midnight rule was required for admissions beginning October 1, 2013 and will become subject to Recovery Audit Contractor (“RAC”) audits for admissions on or after April 1, 2015. For federal fiscal year 2015, CMS issued a final
rule that results in a net increase of 1.4%. This increase reflects a 2.9% market basket increase, the 0.2% reduction required by the Health Reform Law, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment, and a negative 0.8% prospective documentation and
coding adjustment.    CMS has implemented or is implementing a number of programs and requirements intended to
transform Medicare from a passive payer to an active purchaser of quality goods and services. For example, hospitals receive a 2% reduction to their market basket updates if they fail to submit data for patient care quality indicators to the
Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”). Beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, hospitals that do not participate will lose an additional one-quarter of the percentage increase in their payment updates. All of our
hospitals paid under the Medicare inpatient PPS are participating in the quality initiative by submitting the requested quality data. While we will endeavor to comply with all data submission requirements as additional requirements continue to be
added, our submissions may not be deemed timely or sufficient to entitle all of our hospitals to the full market basket adjustment.    Further, Medicare does not allow an inpatient hospital discharge to be assigned to a higher paying MS-DRG if a selected hospital acquired condition (“HAC”) was not present on admission, and it
is the only condition  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
resulting in the assignment of the higher paying MS-DRG. In this situation, the case is paid as though the secondary diagnosis was not present. There are currently 11 categories of conditions on
the list of HACs. In addition, CMS has established three National Coverage Determinations that prohibit Medicare reimbursement for erroneous surgical procedures performed on an inpatient or outpatient basis. The Health Reform Law provides for
reduced payments based on a hospital’s HAC rates. Beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, the 25% of hospitals with the worst risk-adjusted HAC rates in the designated performance period will receive a 1% reduction in their inpatient PPS
Medicare payments.    The Health Reform Law also provides for reduced payments to hospitals based on readmission
rates. Each federal fiscal year, inpatient payments are reduced if a hospital experiences “excess” readmissions within the 30-day time period from the date of discharge for conditions designated by CMS. For federal fiscal year 2015, these
conditions are heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, total hip arthroplasty and total knee arthroplasty. Hospitals with what CMS defines as excess readmissions for these conditions receive reduced payments
for all inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmission standard. The amount by which payments are reduced is determined by comparing the hospital’s performance for each condition using
three years of discharge data to a risk-adjusted national average, subject to a cap established by CMS. The reduction in payments to hospitals with excess readmissions was capped at 2% for federal fiscal year 2014, but increases to 3% for federal
fiscal year 2015 and thereafter. Each hospital’s performance is publicly reported by CMS.    The Health
Reform Law additionally establishes a hospital value-based purchasing program to further link payments to quality and efficiency. For each federal fiscal year, CMS will reduce the inpatient PPS payment amount for all discharges by the following:
1.5% for 2015; 1.75% for 2016; and 2% for 2017 and subsequent years. The total amount collected from these reductions is pooled and used to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet certain quality performance standards established by CMS. CMS
scores each hospital based on achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement ranges (relative to the hospital’s own past performance) for each applicable performance standard. Because the Health Reform Law provides that the pool will
be fully distributed, hospitals that meet or exceed the quality performance standards receive greater reimbursement under the value-based purchasing program than they would have otherwise. Hospitals that do not achieve the necessary quality
performance receive reduced Medicare inpatient hospital payments. Hospitals are scored on a number of individual measures that are categorized into four domains: Patient Experience of Care, Process of Care, Outcomes and Efficiency. CMS estimates
that it will distribute $1.4 billion in federal fiscal year 2015 to hospitals under the value-based purchasing program.    Historically, the Medicare program has set aside 5.10% of Medicare inpatient payments to pay for outlier cases. For federal fiscal year 2014, CMS established an outlier threshold of $21,748, and for
federal fiscal year 2015, CMS increased the outlier threshold to $24,758. We do not anticipate that the increase to the outlier threshold for federal fiscal year 2015 will have a material impact on our results of operations.  
 Outpatient    CMS reimburses hospital outpatient services (and certain Medicare Part B services furnished to hospital inpatients who have no Part A coverage) on a PPS basis. CMS uses fee schedules to pay for
physical, occupational and speech therapies, durable medical equipment, clinical diagnostic laboratory services, nonimplantable orthotics and prosthetics, freestanding surgery center services and services provided by independent diagnostic testing
facilities.    Hospital outpatient services paid under PPS are classified into groups called ambulatory payment
classifications (“APCs”). Services for each APC are similar clinically and in terms of the resources they require. A payment rate is established for each APC. Depending on the services provided, a hospital may be paid for more than one APC
for a patient visit. The APC payment rates are updated for each calendar year. The Health Reform Law provides for reductions to the market basket update, including the following reductions for each of the following calendar years: 0.2% in 2015 and
2016 and 0.75% in 2017, 2018 and 2019. For each calendar year,  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the Health Reform Law provides for the annual market basket update to be further reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide
productivity. At the time of enactment, CMS estimated that the combined market basket and productivity adjustments would reduce Medicare payments under the outpatient PPS by $26.3 billion from 2010 to 2019. For calendar year 2014, CMS increased
APC payment rates by 1.7%, which represented the full market basket update of 2.5%, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment and the negative 0.3% adjustment required by the Health Reform Law. For calendar year 2015, CMS has issued a final rule that
increases the APC payment rate by 2.2%, which includes the full market basket update of 2.9%, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment and the negative 0.2% adjustment required by the Health Reform Law. CMS requires hospitals to submit quality data
relating to outpatient care to avoid receiving a 2% reduction to the market basket update under the outpatient PPS.  
 Rehabilitation    CMS reimburses inpatient rehabilitation facilities (“IRFs”) on a PPS basis. Under the IRF PPS, patients are classified into case mix groups based upon impairment, age, comorbidities (additional
diseases or disorders from which the patient suffers) and functional capability. IRFs are paid a predetermined amount per discharge that reflects the patient’s case mix group and is adjusted for area wage levels, low-income patients, rural
areas and high-cost outliers. The Health Reform Law also provides for reductions to the market basket update, including the following reductions for each of the following federal fiscal years: 0.2% in 2015 and 2016 and 0.75% in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
For each federal fiscal year, the Health Reform Law provides for the annual market basket update to be further reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. At the
time of enactment, CMS estimated that the combined market basket and productivity adjustments would reduce Medicare payments under the IRF PPS by $5.7 billion from 2010 to 2019. For federal fiscal year 2014, CMS updated inpatient rehabilitation
rates by 1.8%, which reflected a 2.6% market basket increase, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment and a 0.3% reduction required by the Health Reform Law. For federal fiscal year 2015, CMS has issued a final rule updating inpatient rehabilitation
rates by 2.2%, which reflects a 2.9% market basket increase, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment and a 0.2% reduction required by the Health Reform Law. In addition, IRFs are required to report quality measures to CMS or they will receive a 2%
reduction to the market basket update.    In order to qualify for classification as an IRF, at least 60% of a
facility’s inpatients during the most recent 12-month CMS-defined review period must have required intensive rehabilitation services for one or more of 13 specified conditions. IRFs must also meet additional coverage criteria, including
patient selection and care requirements relating to pre-admission screenings, post-admission evaluations, ongoing coordination of care and involvement of rehabilitation physicians. A facility that fails to meet the 60% threshold, or other criteria
to be classified as an IRF, will be paid under the acute care hospital inpatient or outpatient PPS, which generally provide for lower payment amounts. As of December 31, 2014, we had one rehabilitation hospital and 50 hospital rehabilitation
units.    Psychiatric    Inpatient hospital services furnished in psychiatric hospitals and psychiatric units of general, acute care hospitals and critical access hospitals are reimbursed under a prospective payment system (the
“IPF PPS”), which is based upon a per diem payment, with adjustments to account for certain patient and facility characteristics. The IPF PPS contains an “outlier” policy for extraordinarily costly cases and an adjustment to a
facility’s base payment if it maintains a full-service emergency department. CMS has established the IPF PPS payment rate in a manner intended to be budget neutral. The rehabilitation, psychiatric and long-term care market basket update is used
to update the IPF PPS. The Health Reform Law also provides for reductions to the market basket update, including the following reductions for the following federal fiscal years: 0.3% in 2015, 0.2% in 2016 and 2017 and 0.75% in 2018, 2019 and 2020.
For each payment year, the Health Reform Law provides for the annual market basket update to be further reduced by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. At the time of
enactment, CMS estimated that the  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
combined market basket and productivity adjustments would reduce Medicare payments under the IPF PPS by $4.3 billion from 2010 to 2019. For federal fiscal year 2014, CMS increased inpatient
psychiatric payment rates by 2%, including a market basket increase of 2.6%, reduced by a 0.5% productivity adjustment and a reduction of 0.1% as required by the Health Reform Law. For federal fiscal year 2015, CMS has increased inpatient
psychiatric payment rates by 2.1%, including a market basket increase of 2.9%, reduced by a 0.5% productivity adjustment and 0.3% as required by the Health Reform Law. Inpatient psychiatric facilities are required to report quality measures to CMS
or will receive a 2% reduction to the market basket update. As of December 31, 2014, we had three psychiatric hospitals and 49 hospital psychiatric units.    Ambulatory Surgery Centers    CMS reimburses ASCs
using a predetermined fee schedule. Reimbursements for ASC overhead costs are limited to no more than the overhead costs paid to hospital outpatient departments under the Medicare hospital outpatient PPS for the same procedure. If CMS determines
that a procedure is commonly performed in a physician’s office, the ASC reimbursement for that procedure is limited to the reimbursement allowable under the Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule, with limited exceptions. All surgical
procedures, other than those that pose a significant safety risk or generally require an overnight stay, are payable as ASC procedures. From time to time, CMS considers expanding the services that may be performed in ASCs, which may result in more
Medicare procedures that historically have been performed in hospitals being moved to ASCs, reducing surgical volume in our hospitals. Also, more Medicare procedures that historically have been performed in ASCs may be moved to physicians’
offices. Commercial third-party payers may adopt similar policies. For each federal fiscal year, the Health Reform Law provides for an annual reduction to the ASC payment system by a productivity adjustment based on the BLS 10-year moving average of
changes in specified economy-wide productivity. For calendar year 2015, CMS has issued a final rule that provides for a 1.4% annual update to ASC payments, which includes the consumer price index update of 1.9% and a negative 0.5% productivity
adjustment. In addition, CMS has also established a quality reporting program for ASCs under which ASCs that fail to report on specified quality measures will receive a 2% reduction in reimbursement.  
 Physician Services    Physician services are reimbursed under the physician fee schedule (“PFS”) system, under which CMS has assigned a national relative value unit (“RVU”) to most medical procedures and
services that reflects the various resources required by a physician to provide the services relative to all other services. Each RVU is calculated based on a combination of work required in terms of time and intensity of effort for the service,
practice expense (overhead) attributable to the service and malpractice insurance expense attributable to the service. These three elements are each modified by a geographic adjustment factor to account for local practice costs and are then
aggregated. The aggregated amount is multiplied by a conversion factor that accounts for inflation and targeted growth in Medicare expenditures (as calculated by the sustainable growth rate (“SGR”)) to arrive at the payment amount for each
service. While RVUs for various services may change in a given year, any alterations are required by statute to be virtually budget neutral, such that total payments made under the PFS may not differ by more than $20 million from what payments
would have been if adjustments were not made.    The PFS rates are adjusted each year, and reductions in both
current and future payments are anticipated. The SGR formula, if implemented as mandated by statute, would result in significant reductions to payments under the PFS. Since 2003, the U.S. Congress has passed multiple legislative acts delaying
application of the SGR to the PFS. Barring further delay or repeal of the SGR, payments under the PFS are scheduled to be cut by approximately 24% effective April 1, 2015.  
 Other    Under PPS, the payment rates are adjusted for the area differences in wage levels by a factor (“wage index”) reflecting the relative wage level in the geographic area compared to the national
average wage level and taking into account occupational mix. The redistributive impact of wage index changes, while slightly negative in the  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
aggregate, is not anticipated to have a material financial impact for 2015. Based on the Health Reform Law’s mandate, HHS submitted recommendations on reform to the Medicare wage index
system, but Congress has not yet acted on the proposed reforms.    Medicare reimburses hospitals for a portion
of bad debts resulting from deductible and coinsurance amounts that are uncollectable from Medicare beneficiaries. The Middle Class Tax Relief and Jobs Creation Act of 2012 (the “Jobs Creation Act”) reduced the percentage of bad debt
amounts that Medicare reimburses from 70% to 65%. These reductions were intended to offset, in part, the impact of the legislative delay of the SGR reductions in physician compensation under the PFS. The U.S. Congress has not permanently addressed
the SGR reductions, and any further delays or revisions to the SGR may be offset by additional reductions in Medicare payments to other types of providers.    As required by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (“MMA”), CMS has implemented contractor reform whereby CMS competitively bids the Medicare fiscal
intermediary and Medicare carrier functions to 15 Medicare Administrative Contractors (“MACs”), which are geographically assigned and service both Part A and Part B providers within a given jurisdiction. CMS awarded initial
contracts to all 15 MAC jurisdictions, but CMS is currently engaged in a consolidation strategy to move from 15 MAC jurisdictions to 10. While chain providers had the option of having all hospitals use one home office MAC, we chose to use the MACs
assigned to the geographic areas in which our hospitals are located. CMS periodically re-solicits bids, and the MAC servicing a geographic area can change as a result of the bid competition. MAC transition periods can impact claims processing
functions and the resulting cash flow.    Under the RAC program, CMS contracts with RACs on a contingency basis
to conduct post-payment reviews to detect and correct improper payments in the fee-for-service Medicare program. CMS has implemented the RAC program on a permanent, nationwide basis as required by statute. The compensation for the RACs is based on
their review of claims submitted to Medicare for billing compliance, including correct coding and medical necessity, and the amount of overpayments and underpayments they identify.  
 Historically, RACs have conducted their reviews on a post-payment basis. However, CMS has also established the Recovery
Audit Prepayment Review (“RAPR”) demonstration, which allows RACs to perform prepayment reviews. Under the RAPR demonstration, RACs conduct prepayment reviews on certain types of claims that historically result in high rates of improper
payments, beginning with claims for short stay inpatient hospital services. These reviews focus on seven states (Florida, California, Michigan, Texas, New York, Louisiana and Illinois) with high populations of fraud and error-prone providers and
four states (Pennsylvania, Ohio, North Carolina, and Missouri) with high claims volumes of short inpatient hospital stays. The RAPR demonstration began in September 2012 and runs for a three year period.  
 We have established policies and procedures to respond to the RAC requests and payment denials. Payment recoveries
resulting from RAC reviews and denials are appealable through administrative and judicial processes, and we pursue reversal of adverse determinations at appropriate appeal levels. We are incurring additional costs related to responding to RAC
requests and denials, including costs associated with responding to requests for records and pursuing the reversal of payment denials and losses associated with overpayments that are not reversed upon appeal. Amounts that have not been reversed upon
appeal have not been significant, but the number and amount of claims subject to RAC review has been steadily increasing, and we expect this trend to continue. Further, HHS has suspended the assignment of new Medicare appeals to Administrative Law
Judges for at least two years beginning July 16, 2013, so that HHS may work through a backlog of appeals. Thus, we will experience a significant delay in appealing any RAC payment denials that occur during the suspension period. HHS recently
gave hospitals the option to settle disputed inpatient status claims, offering to pay 68% of the net allowable amount in exchange for a hospital’s withdrawal of all medical claims appealed. We accepted the settlement offer and executed an
administrative agreement with HHS. Depending upon the growth of RAC programs and our success in appealing claims in future periods, our cash flows and results of operations could be negatively impacted.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Managed Medicare  
 Under the Managed Medicare program, the federal government contracts with private health plans to provide members with
Medicare Part A, Part B and Part D benefits. Managed Medicare plans can be structured as HMOs, PPOs or private fee-for-service plans. The Medicare program allows beneficiaries to choose enrollment in certain managed Medicare plans.
MMA increased reimbursement to managed Medicare plans and expanded Medicare beneficiaries’ health care options. The Health Reform Law reduces, on a gradual basis through 2017, premium payments to managed Medicare plans such that CMS’
managed care per capita premium payments are, on average, equal to traditional Medicare. In addition, the Health Reform Law requires managed Medicare plans to keep annual administrative costs lower than 15% of annual premium revenue. The Health
Reform Law also implements fee payment adjustments based on service benchmarks and quality ratings. The Congressional Budget Office (“CBO”) has estimated that, as a result of these changes, payments to plans will be reduced by
$138 billion between 2010 and 2019, while CMS has estimated the reduction to be $145 billion. In addition, the Health Reform Law expands the RAC program to include managed Medicare plans. In light of the current economic environment and
the Health Reform Law, managed Medicare plans may experience reduced premium payments from CMS, which may lead to increased beneficiary premiums or limits on benefits which, in turn, may cause decreased enrollment in such plans.  
 Medicaid    Medicaid programs are funded jointly by the federal government and the states and are administered by states under approved plans. Most state Medicaid program payments are made under a PPS or are based on
negotiated payment levels with individual hospitals. Medicaid reimbursement is often less than a hospital’s cost of services. The Health Reform Law requires states to expand Medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up
to 133% of the federal poverty level (“FPL”) and to apply a “5% income disregard” to the eligibility standard, so that eligibility is effectively extended to those with incomes up to 138% of the FPL. However, states may opt out
of the expansion without losing existing federal Medicaid funding. A number of states, including Texas and Florida, have opted out of the Medicaid expansion, but these states could choose to implement the expansion at a later date. It is unclear how
many states will ultimately implement the Medicaid expansion provisions of the law.    Because most states must
operate with balanced budgets and because the Medicaid program is often the state’s largest program, states can be expected to adopt or consider adopting legislation designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures. The current economic
environment has increased the budgetary pressures on most states, and these budgetary pressures have resulted and likely will continue to result in decreased spending, or decreased spending growth, for Medicaid programs in many states.  
 Certain states in which we operate have adopted broad-based provider taxes to fund the non-federal share of Medicaid
programs. Many states have also adopted, or are considering, legislation designed to reduce coverage, enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care programs and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states’ Medicaid
systems. However, the Health Reform Law requires states to at least maintain Medicaid eligibility standards established prior to the enactment of the law for children until October 1, 2019.  
 Federal funds under the Medicaid program may not be used to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat
certain provider-preventable conditions. Each state Medicaid program must deny payments to providers for the treatment of health care-acquired conditions designated by CMS as well as other provider-preventable conditions that may be designated by
the state.    Congress has expanded the federal government’s involvement in fighting fraud, waste and abuse
in the Medicaid program through the Medicaid Integrity Program. CMS employs private contractors, referred to as Medicaid Integrity Contractors (“MICs”), to perform post-payment audits of Medicaid claims and identify
 
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
overpayments. In addition to MICs, several other contractors and state Medicaid agencies have increased their review activities. The Health Reform Law increases federal funding for the MIC
program and expands the RAC program’s scope to include Medicaid claims by requiring all states to enter into contracts with RACs to audit payments to Medicaid providers.  
 Managed Medicaid    Managed Medicaid programs enable states to contract with one or more entities for patient enrollment, care management and claims adjudication. The states usually do not relinquish program responsibilities
for financing, eligibility criteria and core benefit plan design. We generally contract directly with one of the designated entities, usually a managed care organization. The provisions of these programs are state-specific.  
 Enrollment in managed Medicaid plans has increased in recent years, as state governments seek to control the cost of
Medicaid programs. However, general economic conditions in the states in which we operate may require reductions in premium payments to these plans and may reduce enrollment in these plans.  
 Accountable Care Organizations and Bundled Payment Initiatives  
 Pursuant to the Health Reform Law, HHS established a Medicare Shared Savings Program (“MSSP”) that seeks to
promote accountability and coordination of care through the creation of Accountable Care Organizations (“ACOs”). The program allows certain providers and suppliers (including hospitals, physicians and other designated professionals) to
voluntarily form ACOs and work together along with other ACO participants to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. The program is intended to produce savings as a
result of improved quality and operational efficiency. ACOs that achieve quality performance standards established by HHS are eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the Medicare program. HHS has significant discretion to determine
key elements of the program. As authorized by the Health Reform Law, certain waivers are available from fraud and abuse laws for ACOs. CMS has approved over 300 ACOs to participate in the MSSP.  
 The Health Reform Law created the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation with responsibility for establishing
demonstration projects and other initiatives in order to identify, develop, test and encourage the adoption of new methods of delivering and paying for health care that create savings under the Medicare and Medicaid programs while improving quality
of care. One initiative implemented by the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation is a voluntary bundled payment initiative known as the Bundled Payment for Care Improvement (“BPCI”) initiative. The BPCI initiative is comprised
of four broadly defined models of care and links payments to participating providers for services provided during an episode of care. As required by the Health Reform Law, HHS established a separate five-year, voluntary, national pilot program on
payment bundling for Medicare services. Under the program, organizations enter into payment arrangements that include financial and performance accountability for episodes of care, and these models are intended to lead to higher quality, more
coordinated care at a lower cost to the Medicare program. Participating providers agree to receive one payment for services provided to Medicare patients for certain medical conditions or episodes of care. The Health Reform Law also provides for a
bundled payment demonstration project for Medicaid services, but CMS has not yet implemented this project. HHS may select up to eight states to participate, and these state programs may target particular categories of beneficiaries, selected
diagnoses or geographic regions of the state. The selected state programs will provide one payment for both hospital and physician services provided to Medicaid patients for certain episodes of inpatient care.  
 Disproportionate Share Hospital Payments  
 In addition to making payments for services provided directly to beneficiaries, Medicare makes additional payments to
hospitals that treat a disproportionately large number of low-income patients (Medicaid and Medicare patients eligible to receive Supplemental Security Income). Disproportionate Share Hospital (“DSH”) payments are determined annually based
on certain statistical information required by HHS and are calculated as a percentage addition to MS-DRG payments.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Under the Health Reform Law, Medicare DSH payments are reduced to 25% of the
amount they otherwise would have been absent the law. The remaining 75% of the amount that would otherwise be paid under Medicare DSH is effectively pooled, and this pool is reduced further each year by a formula that reflects reductions in the
national level of uninsured who are under 65 years of age. Thus, the greater the level of coverage for the previously uninsured nationally, the more the Medicare DSH payment pool will be reduced. Each DSH hospital is then to be paid, out of the
reduced DSH payment pool, an amount allocated based upon its estimated cost of providing uncompensated care.  
 Hospitals that provide care to a disproportionately high number of low-income patients may receive Medicaid DSH payments.
The federal government distributes federal Medicaid DSH funds to each state based on a statutory formula. The states then distribute the DSH funding among qualifying hospitals. States have broad discretion to define which hospitals qualify for
Medicaid DSH payments and the amount of such payments. The Health Reform Law, as modified by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, provides for reductions to the Medicaid DSH hospital program in federal fiscal years 2016 through 2020 by the following
amounts: 2016 ($1.2 billion); 2017 ($1.8 billion); 2018 ($5 billion); 2019 ($5.6 billion); and 2020 ($4 billion). The Jobs Creation Act, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 provide
for additional Medicaid DSH reductions in federal fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023 estimated at $4.1 billion, $4.2 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively. CMS has issued a final rule establishing the methodology for allocating the cuts among the
states based on the volume of Medicaid inpatients and levels of uncompensated care in each state. States largely retain the ability to manage the reduced allotments and to allocate these cuts among providers within the state.  
 TRICARE    TRICARE is the Department of Defense’s health care program for members of the armed forces. For inpatient services, TRICARE reimburses hospitals based on a DRG system modeled on the Medicare
inpatient PPS. For outpatient services, TRICARE reimburses hospitals based on a PPS that is similar to that utilized for services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries.  
 Annual Cost Reports    All hospitals participating in the Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE programs, whether paid on a reasonable cost basis or under a PPS, are required to meet certain financial reporting requirements. Federal
and, where applicable, state regulations require the submission of annual cost reports covering the revenues, costs and expenses associated with the services provided by each hospital to Medicare beneficiaries and Medicaid recipients.  
 Annual cost reports required under the Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to routine audits, which may result in
adjustments to the amounts ultimately determined to be due to us under these reimbursement programs. These audits often require several years to reach the final determination of amounts due to or from us under these programs. Providers also have
rights of appeal, and it is common to contest issues raised in audits of cost reports.    Managed Care and
Other Discounted Plans    Most of our hospitals offer discounts from established charges to certain large
group purchasers of health care services, including managed care plans and private insurance companies. Admissions reimbursed by commercial managed care and other insurers were 30% of our total admissions for each of the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Managed care contracts are typically negotiated for terms between one and three years. While we generally received contracted annual average increases that were expected to yield 4% to 5% from
managed care payers during 2014, there can be no assurance that we will continue to receive increases in the future. It is not clear what impact, if any, the increased obligations on managed care payers and other health plans imposed by the Health
Reform Law will have on our ability to negotiate reimbursement increases or the impact of plans offered through the Exchanges on us.  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Uninsured and Self-Pay Patients  
 A high percentage of our uninsured patients are initially admitted through our emergency rooms. For the year ended
December 31, 2014, approximately 82% of our admissions of uninsured patients occurred through our emergency rooms. The Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (“EMTALA”) requires any hospital that participates in the Medicare
program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize that
condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility that can handle the condition. The obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual’s ability to pay for treatment. The
Health Reform Law requires health plans to reimburse hospitals for emergency services provided to enrollees without prior authorization and without regard to whether a participating provider contract is in place. Further, the Health Reform Law
contains provisions that seek to decrease the number of uninsured individuals, including requirements and incentives, most of which became effective on January 1, 2014, for individuals to obtain, and large employers to provide, insurance
coverage. These mandates are reducing the financial impact of screening for and stabilizing emergency medical conditions. However, many factors are unknown regarding the impact of the Health Reform Law, including how many previously uninsured
individuals will obtain and maintain coverage as a result of the law, the change, if any, in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services that are sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals, any changes to the payer mix
and any increases in plan structures that result in higher patient responsibility amounts.    Electronic Health Record
Incentives    The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (“ARRA”) provides for Medicare and
Medicaid incentive payments for eligible hospitals and for eligible professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified electronic health record (“EHR”) technology and provides for penalties for eligible hospitals and eligible
professionals that do not adopt and meaningfully use EHR technology. Through December 2014, approximately $26 billion in incentive payments have been made through the Medicare and Medicaid EHR incentive programs to eligible hospitals and eligible
professionals.    Under the Medicare incentive program, eligible hospitals that demonstrate meaningful use will
receive incentive payments for up to four fiscal years. The Medicare incentive payment amount is the product of three factors: (1) an initial amount comprised of a base amount of $2,000,000, plus $200 for each acute care inpatient discharge,
beginning with a hospital’s 1,150th discharge of the applicable year and ending with a hospital’s 23,000th discharge of the applicable year; (2) the “Medicare share,” which is the sum of Medicare Part A and Part C acute care
inpatient-bed-days divided by the product of the total acute care inpatient-bed-days and a charity care factor; and (3) a transition factor applicable to the payment year. In order to maximize their incentive payments, acute care hospitals must
have begun participating in the incentive program by federal fiscal year 2013. Beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, acute care hospitals that have failed to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology in an applicable prior reporting
period will receive reduced market basket updates under inpatient PPS.    Eligible professionals who demonstrate
meaningful use are entitled to incentive payments for up to five payment years in an amount equal to 75% of their estimated Medicare allowed charges for covered professional services furnished during the relevant calendar year, subject to an annual
limit. Eligible professionals must have begun participating in the incentive payment program by calendar year 2012 in order to maximize their incentive payments and must have participated by calendar year 2014 in order to receive any incentive
payments. Beginning in calendar year 2015, eligible professionals who have failed to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology in an applicable prior reporting period will face Medicare payment reductions.  
 The Medicaid EHR incentive program is voluntary for states to implement. For participating states, the Medicaid EHR
incentive program provides incentive payments for acute care hospitals and eligible professionals that meet certain volume percentages of Medicaid patients, as well as children’s hospitals. Providers may only
 
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
participate in a single state’s Medicaid EHR incentive program. Eligible professionals can only participate in either the Medicaid incentive program or the Medicare incentive program and can
change this election only one time. Eligible hospitals may participate in both the Medicare and Medicaid incentive programs.    To qualify for incentive payments under the Medicaid program, providers must either adopt, implement, upgrade or demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology during their first participation
year or successfully demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology in subsequent participation years. Payments may be received for up to six participation years. For hospitals, the aggregate Medicaid EHR incentive amount is the product of
two factors: (1) the overall EHR amount, which is comprised of a base amount of $2,000,000 plus a discharge-related amount, multiplied by the Medicare share (which is set at one by statute) multiplied by a transition factor, and (2) the
“Medicaid share,” which is the estimated Medicaid inpatient-bed days plus estimated Medicaid managed care inpatient bed-days, divided by the product of the estimated total inpatient bed-days and a charity care factor. Under the Medicaid
incentive program, eligible professionals may receive payments based on their EHR costs, up to a total amount of $63,750, or for pediatricians, $42,500. There is no penalty for hospitals or professionals under Medicaid for failing to meet EHR
meaningful use requirements.    Hospital Utilization  
 We believe the most important factors relating to the overall utilization of a hospital are the quality and market
position of the hospital and the number and quality of physicians and other health care professionals providing patient care within the facility. Generally, we believe the ability of a hospital to be a market leader is determined by its breadth of
services, level of technology, quality and condition of the facilities, emphasis on quality of care and convenience for patients and physicians. Other factors that impact utilization include the growth in local population, local economic conditions
and market penetration of managed care programs.    The following table sets forth certain operating statistics
for our health care facilities. Health care facility operations are subject to certain seasonal fluctuations, including decreases in patient utilization during holiday periods and increases in the cold weather months. The data set forth in this
table includes only those facilities that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   


 
   Number of hospitals at end of period(a) 
    
   
 166 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
   
 162 
    
   
   
 163 
    
   
   
 156 
    
 
   Number of freestanding outpatient surgery centers at end of period(b) 
    
   
 113 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
   
 108 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Number of licensed beds at end of period(c) 
    
   
 43,356 
    
   
   
 42,896 
    
   
   
 41,804 
    
   
   
 41,594 
    
   
   
 38,827 
    
 
   Weighted average licensed beds(d) 
    
   
 43,132 
    
   
   
 42,133 
    
   
   
 41,795 
    
   
   
 39,735 
    
   
   
 38,655 
    
 
   Admissions(e) 
    
   
 1,795,300 
    
   
   
 1,744,100 
    
   
   
 1,740,700 
    
   
   
 1,620,400 
    
   
   
 1,554,400 
    
 
   Equivalent admissions(f) 
    
   
 2,958,700 
    
   
   
 2,844,700 
    
   
   
 2,832,100 
    
   
   
 2,595,900 
    
   
   
 2,468,400 
    
 
   Average length of stay (days)(g) 
    
   
 4.8 
    
   
   
 4.8 
    
   
   
 4.7 
    
   
   
 4.8 
    
   
   
 4.8 
    
 
   Average daily census(h) 
    
   
 23,835 
    
   
   
 22,853 
    
   
   
 22,521 
    
   
   
 21,123 
    
   
   
 20,523 
    
 
   Occupancy rate(i) 
    
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
 
   Emergency room visits(j) 
    
   
 7,450,700 
    
   
   
 6,968,100 
    
   
   
 6,912,000 
    
   
   
 6,143,500 
    
   
   
 5,706,200 
    
 
   Outpatient surgeries(k) 
    
   
 891,600 
    
   
   
 881,900 
    
   
   
 873,600 
    
   
   
 799,200 
    
   
   
 783,600 
    
 
   Inpatient surgeries(l) 
    
   
 518,900 
    
   
   
 508,800 
    
   
   
 506,500 
    
   
   
 484,500 
    
   
   
 487,100 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes eight facilities in 2010 that were not consolidated (accounted for using the equity method) for financial reporting purposes.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes one facility in 2012 and 2011 and nine facilities in 2010 that were not consolidated (accounted for using the equity method) for financial
reporting purposes.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Licensed beds are those beds for which a facility has been granted approval to operate from the applicable state licensing agency.
 
 
 
 (d) 
   Represents the average number of licensed beds, weighted based on periods owned.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (e) 
   Represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient
volume.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Equivalent admissions are used by management and certain investors as a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume. Equivalent
admissions are computed by multiplying admissions (inpatient volume) by the sum of gross inpatient revenue and gross outpatient revenue and then dividing the resulting amount by gross inpatient revenue. The equivalent admissions computation
“equates” outpatient revenue to the volume measure (admissions) used to measure inpatient volume, resulting in a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Represents the average number of days admitted patients stay in our hospitals.  
 
 
 (h) 
   Represents the average number of patients in our hospital beds each day.  
 
 
 (i) 
   Represents the percentage of hospital licensed beds occupied by patients. Both average daily census and occupancy rate provide measures of the
utilization of inpatient rooms.  
 
 
 (j) 
   Represents the number of patients treated in our emergency rooms.  
 
 
 (k) 
   Represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who were not admitted to our hospitals. Pain management and endoscopy procedures are not
included in outpatient surgeries.  
 
 
 (l) 
   Represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who have been admitted to our hospitals. Pain management and endoscopy procedures are not
included in inpatient surgeries.    Competition  
 Generally, other hospitals in the communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals.
Additionally, in recent years the number of freestanding specialty hospitals, surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers and diagnostic and imaging centers in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased significantly. As
a result, most of our hospitals operate in a highly competitive environment. In some cases, competing hospitals are more established than our hospitals. Some competing facilities are physician-owned or are owned by tax-supported government agencies
and many others are owned by not-for-profit entities that may be supported by endowments, charitable contributions and/or tax revenues and are exempt from sales, property and income taxes. Such exemptions and support are not available to our
hospitals and may provide the tax-supported or not-for-profit entities an advantage in funding capital expenditures. In certain localities there are large teaching hospitals that provide highly specialized facilities, equipment and services that may
not be available at most of our hospitals. We also face competition from specialty hospitals and from both our own and unaffiliated freestanding ASCs for market share in certain high margin services.  
 Psychiatric hospitals frequently attract patients from areas outside their immediate locale and, therefore, our
psychiatric hospitals compete with both local and regional hospitals, including the psychiatric units of general, acute care hospitals.    Our strategies are designed to ensure our hospitals are competitive. We believe our hospitals compete within local communities on the basis of many factors, including the quality of care, ability to
attract and retain quality physicians, skilled clinical personnel and other health care professionals, location, breadth of services, technology offered, quality and condition of the facilities and prices charged. Hospitals must make public a list
of their standard charges for items and services or their policies for providing a list of such charges in response to an inquiry. We have increased our focus on operating outpatient services with improved accessibility and more convenient service
for patients, and increased predictability and efficiency for physicians.    Two of the most significant factors
to the competitive position of a hospital are the number and quality of physicians affiliated with or employed by the hospital. Although physicians may at any time terminate their relationship with a hospital we operate, our hospitals seek to retain
physicians with varied specialties on the hospitals’ medical staffs and to attract other qualified physicians. We believe physicians refer patients to a hospital on the basis of the quality and scope of services it renders to patients and
physicians, the quality of physicians on the medical staff, the location of the hospital and the quality of the hospital’s facilities, equipment  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
and employees. Accordingly, we strive to maintain and provide quality facilities, equipment, employees and services for physicians and patients. Our hospitals face competition from competitors
that are implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and participating in ACOs or other clinical integration models.  
 Another major factor in the competitive position of our hospitals is our ability to negotiate service contracts with
purchasers of group health care services. Managed care plans attempt to direct and control the use of hospital services and obtain discounts from hospitals’ established gross charges. In addition, employers and traditional health insurers
continue to attempt to contain costs through negotiations with hospitals for managed care programs and discounts from established gross charges. Generally, hospitals compete for service contracts with group health care services purchasers on the
basis of price, market reputation, geographic location, quality and range of services, quality of the medical staff and convenience. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew our managed care contracts and enter
into new managed care contracts on favorable terms. Other health care providers may impact our ability to enter into managed care contracts or negotiate increases in our reimbursement and other favorable terms and conditions. For example, some of
our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care companies to contract with us. The trend toward consolidation among non-government payers tends to increase their
bargaining power over fee structures. In addition, various provisions of the Health Reform Law, including the Exchanges and limitations on rescissions of coverage and pre-existing condition exclusions, may lead to non-government payers increasingly
demanding reduced fees or being unwilling to negotiate reimbursement increases. Most of the plans offered through the Exchanges provide for narrow networks that restrict the number of participating providers or tiered networks that impose
significantly higher cost sharing obligations on patients that obtain services from providers in a disfavored tier. The importance of obtaining contracts with managed care organizations varies from community to community, depending on the market
strength of such organizations.    State certificate of need (“CON”) laws, which place limitations on
a health care facility’s ability to expand services and facilities, make capital expenditures and otherwise make changes in operations, may also have the effect of restricting competition. We currently operate health care facilities in a number
of states with CON laws or that require other types of approvals for the establishment or expansion of certain facility types or services. Before issuing a CON or other approval, these states consider the need for additional or expanded health care
facilities or services. In those states that do not require state approval or that set relatively high levels of expenditures before they become reviewable by state authorities, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital
spending is more prevalent. See Item 1, “Business — Regulation and Other Factors.”  
 We and the health care industry as a whole face the challenge of continuing to provide quality patient care while dealing
with rising costs and strong competition for patients. Changes in medical technology, existing and future legislation, regulations and interpretations and managed care contracting for provider services by private and government payers remain ongoing
challenges.    Admissions, average lengths of stay and reimbursement amounts continue to be negatively affected
by payer-required pre-admission authorization, utilization review and payer pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients. The Health Reform Law expanded the use of prepayment review by
Medicare contractors by eliminating statutory restrictions on their use. Increased competition, admission constraints and payer pressures are expected to continue. To meet these challenges, we intend to expand and update our facilities or acquire or
construct new facilities where appropriate, to enhance the provision of a comprehensive array of outpatient services, offer market competitive pricing to private payer groups, upgrade facilities and equipment and offer new or expanded programs and
services.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Regulation and Other Factors  
 Licensure, Certification and Accreditation  
 Health care facility construction and operation are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations relating to
the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, maintenance of adequate records, fire prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and environmental protection laws. Facilities are subject to
periodic inspection by governmental and other authorities to assure continued compliance with the various standards necessary for licensing and accreditation. We believe our health care facilities are properly licensed under applicable state laws.
Each of our acute care hospitals located in the United States is eligible to participate in Medicare and Medicaid programs and is accredited by The Joint Commission. If any facility were to lose its Medicare or Medicaid certification, the facility
would be unable to receive reimbursement from federal health care programs. If any facility were to lose accreditation, the facility would be subject to state surveys, potentially be subject to increased scrutiny by CMS and likely lose payment from
non-government payers. Management believes our facilities are in substantial compliance with current applicable federal, state, local and independent review body regulations and standards. The requirements for licensure, certification and
accreditation are subject to change and, in order to remain qualified, it may become necessary for us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel and services. The requirements for licensure, certification and accreditation also include
notification or approval in the event of the transfer or change of ownership or certain other changes. Failure to provide required notifications or obtain necessary approvals in these circumstances can result in the inability to complete an
acquisition or change of ownership, loss of licensure, lapses in reimbursement or other penalties.  
 Certificates of Need    In some states where we operate hospitals and other health care facilities, the construction or expansion of health care facilities, the acquisition of existing facilities, the transfer or change of
ownership and the addition of new beds or services may be subject to review by and prior approval of, or notifications to, state regulatory agencies under a CON program. Such laws generally require the reviewing state agency to determine the public
need for additional or expanded health care facilities and services. Failure to provide required notifications or obtain necessary state approvals can result in the inability to expand facilities, complete an acquisition or change ownership or other
penalties.    State Rate Review  
 Some states have adopted legislation mandating rate or budget review for hospitals or have adopted taxes on hospital
revenues, assessments or licensure fees to fund indigent health care within the state. In the aggregate, indigent tax provisions have not materially, adversely affected our results of operations. Although we do not currently operate facilities in
states that mandate rate or budget reviews, we cannot predict whether we will operate in such states in the future, or whether the states in which we currently operate may adopt legislation mandating such reviews.  
 Federal Health Care Program Regulations  
 Participation in any federal health care program, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, is heavily regulated by
statute and regulation. If a hospital fails to substantially comply with the numerous conditions of participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or performs certain prohibited acts, the hospital’s participation in the federal health care
programs may be terminated, or civil and/or criminal penalties may be imposed.    Anti-kickback Statute
   A section of the Social Security Act known as the “Anti-kickback Statute” prohibits
providers and others from directly or indirectly soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration with the intent of generating referrals or orders for services or items covered by a federal health care program. Courts have interpreted
this  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
statute broadly and held that there is a violation of the Anti-kickback Statute if just one purpose of the remuneration is to generate referrals, even if there are other lawful purposes.
Furthermore, the Health Reform Law provides that knowledge of the law or the intent to violate the law is not required. Violations of the Anti-kickback Statute may be punished by a criminal fine of up to $25,000 for each violation or imprisonment,
civil money penalties of up to $50,000 per violation and damages of up to three times the total amount of the remuneration and/or exclusion from participation in federal health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, submission
of a claim for services or items generated in violation of the Anti-kickback Statute may be subject to additional penalties under the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”) as a false or fraudulent claim.  
 The HHS Office of Inspector General (“OIG”), among other regulatory agencies, is responsible for identifying
and eliminating fraud, abuse and waste. The OIG carries out this mission through a nationwide program of audits, investigations and inspections. The OIG provides guidance to the industry through various methods including advisory opinions and
“Special Fraud Alerts.” These Special Fraud Alerts do not have the force of law, but identify features of arrangements or transactions that the government believes may cause the arrangements or transactions to violate the Anti-kickback
Statute or other federal health care laws. The OIG has identified several incentive arrangements that constitute suspect practices, including: (a) payment of any incentive by a hospital each time a physician refers a patient to the hospital,
(b) the use of free or significantly discounted office space or equipment in facilities usually located close to the hospital, (c) provision of free or significantly discounted billing, nursing or other staff services, (d) free
training for a physician’s office staff in areas such as management techniques and laboratory techniques, (e) guarantees which provide, if the physician’s income fails to reach a predetermined level, the hospital will pay any portion
of the remainder, (f) low-interest or interest-free loans, or loans which may be forgiven if a physician refers patients to the hospital, (g) payment of the costs of a physician’s travel and expenses for conferences, (h) coverage
on the hospital’s group health insurance plans at an inappropriately low cost to the physician, (i) payment for services (which may include consultations at the hospital) which require few, if any, substantive duties by the physician,
(j) purchasing goods or services from physicians at prices in excess of their fair market value, (k) rental of space in physician offices, at other than fair market value terms, by persons or entities to which physicians refer, and
(l) physician-owned entities (frequently referred to as physician-owned distributorships or PODs) that derive revenue from selling, or arranging for the sale of, implantable medical devices ordered by their physician-owners for use on
procedures that physician-owners perform on their own patients at hospitals or ASCs. The OIG has encouraged persons having information about hospitals who offer the above types of incentives to physicians to report such information to the OIG.
   The OIG also issues “Special Advisory Bulletins” as a means of providing guidance to health care
providers. These bulletins, along with the Special Fraud Alerts, have focused on certain arrangements that could be subject to heightened scrutiny by government enforcement authorities, including: (a) contractual joint venture arrangements and
other joint venture arrangements between those in a position to refer business, such as physicians, and those providing items or services for which Medicare or Medicaid pays, and (b) certain “gainsharing” arrangements, i.e., the
practice of giving physicians a share of any reduction in a hospital’s costs for patient care attributable in part to the physician’s efforts.    In addition to issuing Special Fraud Alerts and Special Advisory Bulletins, the OIG issues compliance program guidance for certain types of health care providers. The OIG guidance identifies a number of
risk areas under federal fraud and abuse statutes and regulations. These areas of risk include compensation arrangements with physicians, recruitment arrangements with physicians and joint venture relationships with physicians.  
 As authorized by Congress, the OIG has published safe harbor regulations that outline categories of activities deemed
protected from prosecution under the Anti-kickback Statute. Currently, there are statutory exceptions and safe harbors for various activities, including the following: certain investment interests, space rental, equipment rental, practitioner
recruitment, personnel services and management contracts, sale of practice, referral services, warranties, discounts, employees, group purchasing organizations, waiver of beneficiary  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
coinsurance and deductible amounts, managed care arrangements, obstetrical malpractice insurance subsidies, investments in group practices, freestanding surgery centers, ambulance replenishing,
and referral agreements for specialty services.    The fact that conduct or a business arrangement does not fall
within a safe harbor or is identified in a Special Fraud Alert, Special Advisory Bulletin or other guidance does not necessarily render the conduct or business arrangement illegal under the Anti-kickback Statute. However, such conduct and business
arrangements may lead to increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities.    We have a variety of
financial relationships with physicians and others who either refer or influence the referral of patients to our hospitals, other health care facilities and employed physicians, including employment contracts, leases, medical director agreements and
professional service agreements. We also have similar relationships with physicians and facilities to which patients are referred from our facilities and other providers. In addition, we provide financial incentives, including minimum revenue
guarantees, to recruit physicians into the communities served by our hospitals. While we endeavor to comply with the applicable safe harbors, certain of our current arrangements, including joint ventures and financial relationships with physicians
and other referral sources and persons and entities to which we refer patients, do not qualify for safe harbor protection.    Although we believe our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients have been structured to comply with current law and available interpretations, there can be no
assurance regulatory authorities enforcing these laws will determine these financial arrangements comply with the Anti-kickback Statute or other applicable laws. An adverse determination could subject us to liabilities under the Social Security Act
and other laws, including criminal penalties, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs.    Stark Law    The Social Security Act also includes a
provision commonly known as the “Stark Law.” The Stark Law prohibits physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship, if these
entities provide certain “designated health services” reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid unless an exception applies. The Stark Law also prohibits entities that provide designated health services reimbursable by Medicare and Medicaid
from billing the Medicare and Medicaid programs for any items or services that result from a prohibited referral and requires the entities to refund amounts received for items or services provided pursuant to the prohibited referral on a timely
basis. “Designated health services” include inpatient and outpatient hospital services, clinical laboratory services and radiology services. Sanctions for violating the Stark Law include denial of payment, civil monetary penalties of up to
$15,000 per claim submitted and exclusion from the federal health care programs. Failure to refund amounts received as a result of a prohibited referral on a timely basis may constitute a false or fraudulent claim and may result in civil penalties
and additional penalties under the FCA. The statute also provides for a penalty of up to $100,000 for a circumvention scheme. There are exceptions to the self-referral prohibition for many of the customary financial arrangements between physicians
and providers, including employment contracts, leases and recruitment agreements. Unlike safe harbors under the Anti-kickback Statute with which compliance is voluntary, a financial relationship must comply with every requirement of a Stark Law
exception or the arrangement is in violation of the Stark Law. Although there is an exception for a physician’s ownership interest in an entire hospital, the Health Reform Law prohibits physician-owned hospitals established after
December 31, 2010 from billing for Medicare or Medicaid patients referred by their physician owners. As a result, the law effectively prevents the formation of new physician-owned hospitals that participate in Medicare or Medicaid. While the
Health Reform Law grandfathers existing physician-owned hospitals, it does not allow these hospitals to increase the percentage of physician ownership and significantly restricts their ability to expand services.  
 Through a series of rulemakings, CMS has issued final regulations implementing the Stark Law. While these regulations
were intended to clarify the requirements of the exceptions to the Stark Law, it is unclear how the government will interpret many of these exceptions for enforcement purposes. Further, we do not always
 
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of the Stark Law and its implementing regulations. We attempt to structure our relationships to meet an exception to the
Stark Law, but the regulations implementing the exceptions are detailed and complex, and we cannot assure that every relationship complies fully with the Stark Law.    Similar State Laws    Many states in which we operate
also have laws similar to the Anti-kickback Statute that prohibit payments to physicians for patient referrals and laws similar to the Stark Law that prohibit certain self-referrals. The scope of these state laws is broad because they can often
apply regardless of the source of payment for care, and little precedent exists for their interpretation or enforcement. These statutes typically provide for criminal and civil penalties, as well as loss of licensure.  
 Other Fraud and Abuse Provisions    The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) broadened the scope of certain fraud and abuse laws by adding several criminal provisions for health care fraud offenses
that apply to all health benefit programs. The Social Security Act also imposes criminal and civil penalties for making false claims and statements to Medicare and Medicaid. False claims include, but are not limited to, billing for services not
rendered or for misrepresenting actual services rendered in order to obtain higher reimbursement, billing for unnecessary goods and services and cost report fraud. Federal enforcement officials have the ability to exclude from Medicare and Medicaid
any investors, officers and managing employees associated with business entities that have committed health care fraud, even if the officer or managing employee had no knowledge of the fraud. Criminal and civil penalties may be imposed for a number
of other prohibited activities, including failure to return known overpayments, certain gainsharing arrangements, billing Medicare amounts that are substantially in excess of a provider’s usual charges, offering remuneration to influence a
Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary’s selection of a health care provider, contracting with an individual or entity known to be excluded from a federal health care program, making or accepting a payment to induce a physician to reduce or limit
services, and soliciting or receiving any remuneration in return for referring an individual for an item or service payable by a federal health care program. Like the Anti-kickback Statute, these provisions are very broad. Civil penalties may be
imposed for the failure to report and return an overpayment within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by the date a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later. To avoid liability, providers must, among other things, carefully
and accurately code claims for reimbursement, promptly return overpayments and accurately prepare cost reports.  
 Some of these provisions, including the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law, require a lower burden of proof than other
fraud and abuse laws, including the Anti-kickback Statute. Civil monetary penalties that may be imposed under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law range from $10,000 to $50,000 per act, and in some cases may result in penalties of up to three
times the remuneration offered, paid, solicited or received. In addition, a violator may be subject to exclusion from federal and state health care programs. Federal and state governments increasingly use the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law,
especially where they believe they cannot meet the higher burden of proof requirements under the Anti-kickback Statute. Further, individuals can receive up to $1,000 for providing information on Medicare fraud and abuse that leads to the recovery of
at least $100 of Medicare funds under the Medicare Integrity Program.    The Federal False Claims Act and
Similar State Laws    We are subject to state and federal laws that govern the submission of claims for
reimbursement and prohibit the making of false claims or statements. One of the most prominent of these laws is the FCA, which may be enforced by the federal government directly or by a  qui tam  plaintiff, or whistleblower, on the
government’s behalf. The government may use the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government program fraud in areas such as coding errors, billing for services not provided and submitting false cost reports. In
 
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
addition, the FCA covers payments made in connection with the Exchanges created under the Health Reform Law, if those payments include any federal funds. When a private party brings a  qui tam
 action under the FCA, the defendant is not made aware of the lawsuit until the government commences its own investigation or makes a determination whether it will intervene. If a defendant is determined by a court of law to be liable under the
FCA, the defendant may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of between $5,500 and $11,000 for each separate false claim.  
 There are many potential bases for liability under the FCA, including knowingly and improperly avoiding repayment of an
overpayment received from the government and the knowing failure to report and return an overpayment in a timely manner. Liability often arises when an entity knowingly submits a false claim for reimbursement to the federal government. The FCA
defines the term “knowingly” broadly. Though simple negligence will not give rise to liability under the FCA, submitting a claim with reckless disregard to its truth or falsity constitutes a “knowing” submission under the FCA
and, therefore, may create liability. Submission of claims for services or items generated in violation of the Anti-kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim under the FCA. Whistleblowers and the federal government have taken the
position, and some courts have held, that providers who allegedly have violated other statutes, such as the Stark Law, have thereby submitted false claims under the FCA.  
 Every entity that receives at least $5 million annually in Medicaid payments must have written policies for all
employees, contractors or agents, providing detailed information about false claims, false statements and whistleblower protections under certain federal laws, including the FCA, and similar state laws. In addition, federal law provides an incentive
to states to enact false claims laws comparable to the FCA. A number of states in which we operate have adopted their own false claims provisions as well as their own whistleblower provisions under which a private party may file a civil lawsuit in
state court. We have adopted and distributed policies pertaining to the FCA and relevant state laws.    HIPAA
Administrative Simplification and Privacy and Security Requirements    The Administrative Simplification
Provisions of HIPAA and implementing regulations require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for certain health care claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. These provisions are intended to
encourage electronic commerce in the health care industry. As required by the Health Reform Law, HHS is in the process of adopting standards for additional electronic transactions and establishing operating rules to promote uniformity in the
implementation of each standardized electronic transaction. In addition, HIPAA requires that each provider use a National Provider Identifier. CMS has also published a final rule requiring the use of updated standard code sets for certain diagnoses
and procedures known as ICD-10 code sets. Implementing the ICD-10 code sets will require significant administrative changes. Use of the ICD-10 code sets is required beginning October 1, 2015.  
 The privacy and security regulations promulgated pursuant to HIPAA extensively regulate the use and disclosure of
individually identifiable health information, known as “protected health information,” and require covered entities, including health plans and most health care providers, to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to
protect the security of such information. Certain provisions of the security and privacy regulations apply to business associates (entities that handle protected health information on behalf of covered entities), and business associates are subject
to direct liability for violation of the regulations. In addition, a covered entity may be subject to penalties as a result of a business associate violating HIPAA, if the business associate is found to be an agent of the covered entity.  
 Covered entities must report breaches of unsecured protected health information to affected individuals without
unreasonable delay but not to exceed 60 days of discovery of the breach by a covered entity or its agents. Notification must also be made to HHS and, in certain situations involving large breaches, to the media. HHS is required to publish on
its website a list of all covered entities that report a breach involving more than 500 individuals. All non-permitted uses or disclosures of unsecured protected health information are presumed to be
 
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised. Various state laws and regulations may also require us
to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach involving individually identifiable information.  
 Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in criminal penalties and in civil penalties of up to
$50,000 per violation for a maximum of $1,500,000 in a calendar year for violations of the same requirement. HHS is required to perform compliance audits and has announced its intent to perform audits in 2015. In addition to enforcement by HHS,
state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunction or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. HHS may resolve HIPAA violations through informal means, such as allowing a
covered entity to implement a corrective action plan, but HHS has the discretion to move directly to impose monetary penalties and is required to impose penalties for violations resulting from willful neglect. We enforce a HIPAA compliance plan,
which we believe complies with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations and under which a HIPAA compliance group monitors our compliance. The HIPAA privacy regulations and security regulations have and will continue to impose significant costs on
our facilities in order to comply with these standards.    There are numerous other laws and legislative and
regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing privacy and security concerns. Our facilities remain subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued under HIPAA.
These laws vary and could impose additional penalties. For example, the Federal Trade Commission uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches.  
 EMTALA    All of our hospitals in the United States are subject to EMTALA. This federal law requires any hospital participating in the Medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of
every individual who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a
facility able to handle the condition. The obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an individual’s ability to pay for treatment. There are severe penalties under EMTALA if a hospital fails to screen
or appropriately stabilize or transfer an individual or if the hospital delays appropriate treatment in order to first inquire about the individual’s ability to pay. Penalties for violations of EMTALA include civil monetary penalties and
exclusion from participation in the Medicare program. In addition, an injured individual, the individual’s family or a medical facility that suffers a financial loss as a direct result of a hospital’s violation of the law can bring a civil
suit against the hospital.    The government broadly interprets EMTALA to cover situations in which individuals
do not actually present to a hospital’s emergency room, but present for emergency examination or treatment to the hospital’s campus, generally, or to a hospital-based clinic that treats emergency medical conditions or are transported in a
hospital-owned ambulance, subject to certain exceptions. At least one court has interpreted the law also to apply to a hospital that has been notified of a patient’s pending arrival in a non-hospital owned ambulance. EMTALA does not generally
apply to individuals admitted for inpatient services. The government has expressed its intent to investigate and enforce EMTALA violations actively. We believe our hospitals operate in substantial compliance with EMTALA.  
 Corporate Practice of Medicine/Fee Splitting  
 Some of the states in which we operate have laws prohibiting corporations and other entities from employing physicians,
practicing medicine for a profit and making certain direct and indirect payments to, or entering into fee-splitting arrangements with, health care providers designed to induce or encourage the referral of patients to, or the recommendation of,
particular providers for medical products and services. Possible sanctions for violation of these restrictions include loss of license and civil and criminal penalties. In addition,  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
agreements between the corporation and the physician may be considered void and unenforceable. These statutes vary from state to state, are often vague and have seldom been interpreted by the
courts or regulatory agencies.    Health Care Industry Investigations  
 Significant media and public attention has focused in recent years on the hospital industry. This media and public
attention, changes in government personnel and other factors have led to increased scrutiny of the health care industry. Except as may be disclosed in our SEC filings, we are not aware of any material investigations of the Company under federal or
state health care laws or regulations. It is possible that governmental entities could initiate investigations or litigation in the future at facilities we operate and that such matters could result in significant penalties, as well as adverse
publicity. It is also possible that our executives and managers could be included in governmental investigations or litigation or named as defendants in private litigation.  
 Our substantial Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental billings result in heightened scrutiny of our operations. We
continue to monitor all aspects of our business and have developed a comprehensive ethics and compliance program that is designed to meet or exceed applicable federal guidelines and industry standards. Because the law in this area is complex and
constantly evolving, governmental investigations or litigation may result in interpretations that are inconsistent with our or industry practices.    In public statements surrounding current investigations, governmental authorities have taken positions on a number of issues, including some for which little official interpretation previously has been
available, that appear to be inconsistent with practices that have been common within the industry and that previously have not been challenged in this manner. In some instances, government investigations that have in the past been conducted under
the civil provisions of federal law may now be conducted as criminal investigations.    Both federal and state
government agencies have increased their focus on and coordination of civil and criminal enforcement efforts in the health care area. The OIG and the Department of Justice (“DOJ”) have, from time to time, established national enforcement
initiatives, targeting all hospital providers that focus on specific billing practices or other suspected areas of abuse. The Health Reform Law includes additional federal funding of $350 million over 10 years to fight health care fraud,
waste and abuse, including $30 million in federal fiscal year 2015. In addition, governmental agencies and their agents, such as MACs, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, may conduct audits of our health care operations. Private payers may
conduct similar post-payment audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring.    In addition to
national enforcement initiatives, federal and state investigations have addressed a wide variety of routine health care operations such as: cost reporting and billing practices, including for Medicare outliers; financial arrangements with referral
sources; physician recruitment activities; physician joint ventures; and hospital charges and collection practices for self-pay patients. We engage in many of these routine health care operations and other activities that could be the subject of
governmental investigations or inquiries. For example, we have significant Medicare and Medicaid billings, numerous financial arrangements with physicians who are referral sources to our hospitals, and joint venture arrangements involving physician
investors. Certain of our individual facilities have received, and other facilities may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. Any additional investigations of the Company, our
executives or managers could result in significant liabilities or penalties to us, as well as adverse publicity.    Health
Care Reform    The Health Reform Law changes how health care services are covered, delivered and reimbursed
through expanded coverage of uninsured individuals, reduced growth in Medicare program spending, reductions in Medicare and Medicaid DSH payments, and the establishment of programs that tie reimbursement to quality and integration. In addition, the
law reforms certain aspects of health insurance, expands existing efforts to tie Medicare and Medicaid payments to performance and quality, and strengthens fraud and abuse enforcement.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expanded Coverage  
 Based on the CBO’s January 2015 projection, by 2025, the Health Reform Law will expand coverage to 27 million
additional individuals. This increased coverage will occur through a combination of public program expansion and private sector health insurance and other reforms.  
 Medicaid Expansion    The primary public program coverage expansion is occurring through changes in Medicaid, and to a lesser extent, expansion of the Children’s Health Insurance Program (“CHIP”). The most
significant changes expand the categories of individuals eligible for Medicaid coverage and permit individuals with relatively higher incomes to qualify. The Health Reform Law requires all state Medicaid programs to provide, and the federal
government to subsidize, Medicaid coverage to virtually all adults under 65 years old with incomes at or under 133% of the federal poverty level (“FPL”) and to apply a “5% income disregard” to the eligibility standard, so
that eligibility is effectively extended to those with incomes up to 138% of the FPL. However, states may opt out of the expansion without losing existing federal Medicaid funding. States that choose not to implement the Medicaid expansion are
foregoing funding established by the Health Reform Law to cover most of the expansion costs. A number of states, including Texas and Florida, have chosen not to participate in the expanded Medicaid program, but these states could choose to implement
the expansion at a later date. For states that do not participate, the maximum income level required for individuals and families to qualify for Medicaid varies widely from state to state. According to the CBO’s January 2015 projection, the new
eligibility requirements will expand Medicaid and CHIP coverage by an estimated 16 million persons nationwide by 2025.    As Medicaid is a joint federal and state program, the federal government provides states with “matching funds” in a defined percentage, known as the federal medical assistance percentage
(“FMAP”). Beginning in 2014, states began receiving an enhanced FMAP for the individuals enrolled in Medicaid pursuant to the Health Reform Law. The FMAP percentage is as follows: 100% for calendar years 2014 through 2016; 95% for 2017;
94% in 2018; 93% in 2019; and 90% in 2020 and thereafter. CMS has indicated that states that only partially expand their Medicaid programs will not receive an enhanced FMAP.  
 Pursuant to the Health Reform Law, the federal government subsidizes states that create non-Medicaid plans for residents
whose incomes are greater than 133% of the FPL but do not exceed 200% of the FPL. Approved state plans are eligible to receive federal funding. The amount of that funding per individual is equal to 95% of subsidies that would have been provided for
that individual had he or she enrolled in a health plan offered through one of the Exchanges, as discussed below.    Historically, states often have attempted to reduce Medicaid spending by limiting benefits and tightening Medicaid eligibility requirements. However, the Health Reform Law requires states to at least
maintain Medicaid eligibility standards established prior to the enactment of the law for children until October 1, 2019.    Private Sector Expansion    The expansion of health coverage
through the private sector as a result of the Health Reform Law occurs through new requirements applicable to health insurers, employers and individuals. Health insurers must keep their annual nonmedical costs lower than 15% of premium revenue for
the group market and lower than 20% in the small group and individual markets or rebate to enrollees the amount spent in excess of the percentage. In addition, health insurers are not permitted to deny coverage to children based upon a pre-existing
condition and must allow dependent care coverage for children up to 26 years old. Health insurers are prohibited from imposing annual coverage limits, dropping coverage, excluding persons based upon pre-existing conditions or denying coverage
for any individual who is willing to pay the premiums for such coverage.    Larger employers are subject to new
requirements and incentives to provide health insurance benefits to their full time employees. This requirement became effective January 1, 2015, except that for employers with 50 to 99 employees, this requirement has been delayed until
January 1, 2016. Employers subject to this requirement  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
that do not offer health insurance will be subject to a penalty if an employee obtains government-subsidized coverage through an Exchange. The employer penalties will range from $2,000 to $3,000
per employee, subject to certain thresholds and conditions.    The Health Reform Law uses various means to
induce individuals who do not have health insurance to obtain coverage. Individuals are required to maintain health insurance for a minimum defined set of benefits or pay a tax penalty. The penalty in most cases is the greater of $325 or 2% of
income in 2015, $695 or 2.5% of income in 2016, and indexed to a cost of living adjustment in subsequent years. The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), in consultation with HHS, is responsible for enforcing the tax penalty, although the
Health Reform Law limits the availability of certain IRS enforcement mechanisms. In addition, for individuals and families below 400% of the FPL, the cost of obtaining health insurance through the Exchanges is subsidized by the federal government.
Those with lower incomes are eligible to receive greater subsidies. It is anticipated that those at the lowest income levels will have the majority of their premiums subsidized by the federal government, in some cases in excess of 95% of the premium
amount. However, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear a case known as King v. Burwell during the 2015 session which may affect the federal subsidies. The case challenges the extension of premium subsidies to health insurance policies purchased through
federally-operated Exchanges, arguing that subsidies must be limited to state-operated Exchanges. If decided in favor of the plaintiffs, this case could make it more difficult for uninsured individuals in states that do not operate an Exchange to
purchase coverage and otherwise significantly affect implementation of the Health Reform Law in a manner that could result in less than projected numbers of newly insured individuals.  
 To facilitate the purchase of health insurance by individuals and small employers, the Health Reform Law mandated that
each state establish or participate in an Exchange or default to a federally-operated Exchange by January 1, 2014. Based on CBO estimates issued in January 2015, approximately 24 million individuals will obtain their health insurance
coverage through an Exchange by 2025. This amount will include individuals who were previously uninsured and individuals who have switched from their prior insurance coverage to a plan obtained through an Exchange. Health insurers participating in
an Exchange must offer a set of minimum benefits, as defined by HHS, and may offer more benefits. Health insurers must offer at least two, and may offer up to five, levels of plans that vary by the percentage of medical expenses that must be paid by
the enrollee. These levels are referred to as platinum, gold, silver, bronze and catastrophic plans, with gold and silver being the two mandatory levels of plans. Each level of plan must require the enrollee to share the following percentages of
medical expenses up to the deductible/copayment limit: platinum, 10%; gold, 20%; silver, 30%; bronze, 40%; and catastrophic, 100%. Health insurers may establish varying deductible/copayment levels, up to the statutory maximum. The health insurers
must cover 100% of the amount of medical expenses in excess of the deductible/copayment limit. For example, an individual making 100% to 200% of the FPL will have copayments and deductibles reduced to about one-third of the amount payable by those
with the same plan with incomes at or above 400% of the FPL.    Public Program Spending  
 The Health Reform Law provides for Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care program spending reductions between
2010 and 2019. In March 2010, CMS estimated Medicare fee-for-service reductions from 2010 to 2019 would be $233 billion and the Medicare and Medicaid DSH reductions would be an additional $64 billion. In July 2012, the CBO estimated that from 2013
to 2022, the Health Reform Law reductions would include $415 billion in Medicare fee-for-service market basket and productivity reimbursement reductions, the majority of which will come from hospitals. The CBO estimate included an additional $56
billion in reductions in Medicare and Medicaid DSH funding.    Payments for Hospitals and Ambulatory Surgery
Centers    Inpatient Market Basket and Productivity Adjustment . Under the Medicare
program, hospitals receive reimbursement under a PPS for general, acute care hospital inpatient services. CMS establishes fixed PPS payment amounts per inpatient discharge based on the patient’s assigned MS-DRG. These MS-DRG rates are
 
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
updated each federal fiscal year, which begins October 1, using a market basket index that takes into account inflation experienced by hospitals and other entities outside the health care
industry in purchasing goods and services.    The Health Reform Law provides for three types of annual
reductions in the market basket. The first is a general reduction of a specified percentage each federal fiscal year that began in 2010 and extends through 2019. The remaining reductions are as follows: 2015 (0.2%); 2016 (0.2%); 2017 (0.75%); 2018
(0.75%); and 2019 (0.75%).    The second type of reduction to the market basket is a “productivity
adjustment” that was implemented by HHS beginning in federal fiscal year 2012. The amount of that reduction is the projected nationwide productivity gains over the preceding 10 years. To determine the projection, HHS uses the BLS 10-year
moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. For federal fiscal year 2015, CMS has announced a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment to the market basket. In 2010, CMS estimated that the combined market basket and productivity
adjustments would reduce Medicare payments under the inpatient PPS by $112.6 billion from 2010 to 2019.    The
third type of reduction is in connection with the value-based purchasing program discussed in more detail below. For each federal fiscal year, CMS will reduce the inpatient PPS payment amount for all discharges by the following: 1.5% for 2015; 1.75%
for 2016; and 2% for 2017 and subsequent years. For each federal fiscal year, the total amount collected from these reductions will be pooled and used to fund payments to hospitals that satisfy certain quality metrics. While some or all of these
reductions may be recovered if a hospital satisfies these quality metrics, the recovery amounts may be delayed.  
 If the aggregate of the three market basket reductions described above is more than the annual market basket adjustments
made to account for inflation, there will be a reduction in the MS-DRG rates paid to hospitals.  
 Quality-Based Payment Adjustments and Reductions for Inpatient Services .  The Health Reform Law
establishes or expands three provisions to promote value-based purchasing and to link payments to quality and efficiency. First, HHS has implemented a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services that rewards hospitals that meet
certain quality performance standards established by HHS. The Health Reform Law provides HHS considerable discretion over the value-based purchasing program. Under this program, CMS will distribute an estimated $1.4 billion in federal fiscal year
2015 to hospitals based on their overall performance on a set of quality measures that have been linked to improved clinical processes of care and patient satisfaction. Hospitals are scored based on a weighted average of patient experience scores
using the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey and certain clinical measures. CMS scores each hospital based on achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement ranges (relative to the hospital’s own
past performance) for each applicable measure. Because the Health Reform Law provides that the pool will be fully distributed, hospitals that meet or exceed the quality performance standards set by HHS will receive greater reimbursement under the
value-based purchasing program than they would have otherwise. Hospitals that do not achieve the necessary quality performance will receive reduced Medicare inpatient hospital payments.  
 Second, inpatient payments are reduced each federal fiscal year if a hospital experiences “excess readmissions”
within the 30-day period from the date of discharge for conditions designated by CMS. Hospitals with what CMS defines as “excess readmissions” for these conditions will receive reduced payments for all inpatient discharges, not just
discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmission standard. The amount by which payments will be reduced if a hospital experiences excess readmissions is determined by comparison of the hospital’s readmission performance
to a risk-adjusted national average and is subject to a cap established by CMS. Each hospital’s performance is publicly reported by CMS.    Third, reimbursement will be reduced based on a facility’s HAC rates. A HAC is a condition that is acquired by a patient while admitted as an inpatient in a hospital, such as a surgical site
infection. Beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, the 25% of hospitals with the worst national risk-adjusted HAC rates in the previous year will  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
receive a 1% reduction in their total inpatient operating Medicare payments. In addition, the Health Reform Law prohibits the use of federal funds under the Medicaid program to reimburse
providers for medical services provided to treat HACs. States may add additional provider-preventable conditions to the list of HACs for which Medicaid reimbursement will not be allowed.  
 Outpatient Market Basket and Productivity Adjustment .  Hospital outpatient services paid under PPS are
classified into APCs. The APC payment rates are updated each calendar year based on the market basket. The first two market basket changes outlined above — the general reduction and the productivity adjustment — apply to
outpatient services as well as inpatient services, although these are applied on a calendar year basis. The percentage changes specified in the Health Reform Law summarized above as the general reduction for inpatients — e.g., 0.2% in 2015
— are the same for outpatients.    Medicare and Medicaid DSH Payments .  The Medicare
DSH program provides for additional payments to hospitals that treat a disproportionate share of low-income patients. Under the Health Reform Law, Medicare DSH payments are reduced to 25% of the amount they otherwise would have been absent the law.
The remaining 75% of the amount that would otherwise be paid under Medicare DSH is effectively pooled, and this pool will be reduced further each year by a formula that reflects reductions in the national level of uninsured who are under
65 years of age. In other words, the greater the level of coverage for the uninsured nationally, the more the Medicare DSH payment pool will be reduced. Each hospital is then paid, out of the reduced DSH payment pool, an amount allocated based
upon its level of uncompensated care, which was not the basis for DSH payments prior to implementation of the Health Reform Law.    Hospitals that provide care to a disproportionately high number of low-income patients may receive Medicaid DSH payments. The federal government distributes federal Medicaid DSH funds to each state based
on a statutory formula. The states then distribute the DSH funding among qualifying hospitals. Although federal Medicaid law defines some level of hospitals that must receive Medicaid DSH funding, states have broad discretion to define additional
hospitals that also may qualify for Medicaid DSH payments and the amount of such payments. The Health Reform Law, as modified by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, provides for reductions to the Medicaid DSH hospital program in federal fiscal years
2016 through 2020 by the following amounts: 2016 ($1.2 billion); 2017 ($1.8 billion); 2018 ($5 billion); 2019 ($5.6 billion); and 2020 ($4 billion). The Jobs Creation Act, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 and the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 provide for additional Medicaid DSH reductions in federal fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023 estimated at $4.1 billion, $4.2 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively. CMS has issued a final rule establishing the methodology
for allocating the cuts among the states based on the volume of Medicaid inpatients and levels of uncompensated care in each state. States largely retain the ability to manage the reduced allotments and to allocate these cuts among providers within
the state.    ACOs .  Pursuant to the Health Reform Law, HHS established the MSSP, which seeks to
promote accountability and coordination of care through the creation of ACOs. The MSSP allows certain providers and suppliers (including hospitals, physicians and other designated professionals) to voluntarily form ACOs and work together along
with other ACO participants to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. The program is intended to produce savings as a result of improved quality and operational
efficiency. ACOs that achieve quality performance standards established by HHS will be eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the Medicare program. As authorized by the Health Reform Law, certain waivers are available from fraud and
abuse laws for ACOs. CMS has approved over 300 ACOs to participate in the MSSP.    Bundled Payment Pilot
Programs .  The Health Reform Law created the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation with responsibility for establishing demonstration projects and other initiatives in order to identify, develop, test and encourage the
adoption of new methods of delivering and paying for health care that create savings under the Medicare and Medicaid programs while improving quality of care. One initiative announced by the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation is a
voluntary bundled payment initiative known as the Bundled  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Payment for Care Improvement (“BPCI”) initiative. The BPCI initiative is comprised of four broadly defined models of care and links payments to participating providers for services
provided during an episode of care. In addition, HHS established a five-year, voluntary, national pilot program on payment bundling for Medicare services. Under the program, organizations may enter into payment arrangements that include financial
and performance accountability for episodes of care, and these models are intended to lead to higher quality, more coordinated care at a lower cost to the Medicare program. Participating providers agree to receive one payment for services provided
to Medicare patients for certain medical conditions or episodes of care. HHS has discretion to determine how the program will function, including what medical conditions will be included in the program and the amount of the payment for each
condition. The Health Reform Law also provides for a five-year bundled payment pilot program for Medicaid services, but CMS has not yet implemented this program. HHS may select up to eight states to participate based on the potential to lower costs
under the Medicaid program while improving care. State programs may target particular categories of beneficiaries, selected diagnoses or geographic regions of the state. The selected state programs will provide one payment for both hospital and
physician services provided to Medicaid patients for certain episodes of inpatient care. For both pilot programs, HHS will determine the relationship between the programs and restrictions in certain existing laws, including the Civil Monetary
Penalty Law, the Anti-kickback Statute, the Stark Law and the HIPAA privacy, security and transaction standard requirements. However, the Health Reform Law does not authorize HHS to waive other laws that may impact the ability of hospitals and other
eligible participants to participate in the pilot programs, such as antitrust laws.    Ambulatory Surgery
Centers .  The Health Reform Law reduces reimbursement for ASCs through a productivity adjustment to the consumer price index similar to the productivity adjustment for inpatient and outpatient hospital services. In addition, CMS has
established a quality reporting program for ASCs under which ASCs that fail to report on required quality measures will receive a 2% reduction in reimbursement.  
 Medicare Managed Care (Medicare Advantage or “MA”) .  Under the MA program, the federal
government contracts with private health plans to provide inpatient and outpatient benefits to beneficiaries who enroll in such plans. In 2014, approximately 15.7 million Medicare beneficiaries elected to enroll in MA plans. The Health Reform
Law requires MA plans to keep annual administrative costs lower than 15% of annual premium revenue. The Health Reform Law reduces, on a gradual basis through 2017, premium payments to the MA plans such that CMS’ managed care per capita premium
payments are, on average, equal to traditional Medicare. In addition, the Health Reform Law implements fee payment adjustments based on service benchmarks and quality ratings. As a result of these changes, payments to MA plans are estimated to be
reduced by $138 to $145 billion between 2010 and 2019. These reductions to MA plan premium payments paid by the federal government may cause some plans to raise beneficiary premiums or limit benefits, which in turn might cause some Medicare
beneficiaries to terminate their MA coverage and enroll in traditional Medicare.    Physician-Owned Hospital
Limitations    Over the last decade, we have faced competition from hospitals that have physician ownership.
The Health Reform Law prohibits newly created physician-owned hospitals from billing for Medicare patients referred by their physician owners. As a result, the law effectively prevents the formation of new physician-owned hospitals that participate
in Medicare and Medicaid after December 31, 2010. While the law grandfathers existing physician-owned hospitals, it does not allow these hospitals to increase the percentage of physician ownership and significantly restricts their ability to
expand services.    Program Integrity and Fraud and Abuse  
 The Health Reform Law makes several significant changes to health care fraud and abuse laws, provides additional
enforcement tools to the government, increases cooperation between agencies by establishing mechanisms for the sharing of information and enhances criminal and administrative penalties for non-compliance. For example, the Health Reform Law:
(1) provides $350 million in increased federal funding over  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
10 years to fight health care fraud, waste and abuse; (2) expands the scope of the RAC program to include MA plans and Medicaid; (3) authorizes HHS, in consultation with the OIG,
to suspend Medicare and Medicaid payments to a provider of services or a supplier “pending an investigation of a credible allegation of fraud;” (4) provides Medicare contractors with additional flexibility to conduct random prepayment
reviews; and (5) tightens up the rules for returning overpayments made by governmental health programs and expands FCA liability to include failure to timely repay identified overpayments.  
 Impact of Health Reform Law on the Company  
 The expansion of health insurance coverage under the Health Reform Law may result in an increase in the number of patients
using our facilities who have either private or public program coverage. In addition, the Health Reform Law provides for initiatives that create possible sources of additional revenue, such as ACOs. However, any positive effects of the Health Reform
Law could be offset, and the Company could be significantly impacted, by reductions to the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Substantial uncertainty remains regarding the net effect of the Health Reform Law on the Company because the resolution of a
number of material factors remains unclear, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how many states will ultimately implement the Medicaid expansion provisions and under what terms;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the potential for and impact of further delays in or complications related to implementation of the Health Reform Law (for example, there were
significant problems during the initial implementation of the Exchanges that negatively impacted the ability of individuals to purchase health insurance);  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility of enactment of additional federal or state health care reforms and possible changes to the Health Reform Law;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to participate in health insurance plans offered through the Exchanges and the terms of our participation as well as treatment of out of
network claims;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how many previously uninsured individuals will obtain coverage as a result of the Health Reform Law (based on the CBO’s January 2015 estimates, by
2025, the Health Reform Law will expand coverage to 27 million additional individuals);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   what percentage of the newly insured patients will be covered under the Medicaid program and what percentage will be covered by private health
insurers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the extent to which states will enroll new Medicaid participants in managed care programs;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the pace at which insurance coverage expands, including the pace of different types of coverage expansion;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the change, if any, in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services that are sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rate paid to hospitals by private payers for newly covered individuals and individuals with existing coverage, including those covered through
health insurance plans offered through the Exchanges, some of whom may have been previously covered by employer-sponsored plans;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rate paid by state governments and private payers pursuant to contracts with the state under the Medicaid program for newly covered individuals;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of the value-based purchasing provisions of the Health Reform Law on our hospitals’ revenues and the effects of other quality programs;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the percentage of individuals in the Exchanges who select the restricted network plans, since health insurers offering those kinds of products have
traditionally sought to pay lower rates to hospitals;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the amount of overall revenues the Company will generate from Medicare and Medicaid business when the reductions are implemented (42.6% of our revenues
in 2014 were from Medicare and Medicaid);  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   the size of the Health Reform Law’s annual productivity adjustment to the market basket;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the amount of the Medicare DSH reductions and the allocation of the Medicaid DSH reductions to our hospitals;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how successful ACOs will be at coordinating care and reducing costs or whether they will decrease reimbursement;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the scope and nature of potential changes to Medicare reimbursement methods, such as an emphasis on bundling payments or coordination of care programs;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   whether the Company’s revenues from Medicaid supplemental programs developed through a federally approved waiver program (“Waiver
Program”), will be adversely affected because there may be reductions in available state and local government funding for the programs; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of court challenges, including the King v. Burwell challenge to the extension of premium subsidies to plans purchased through
federally-operated Exchanges, and efforts to repeal or revise the Health Reform Law.  
 General Economic and Demographic Factors  
 The health care industry is impacted by the overall United States economy. Budget deficits at federal, state and local
government entities have had a negative impact on spending for many health and human service programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and similar programs, which represent significant payer sources for our hospitals. The federal deficit, the growing
magnitude of Medicare expenditures and the aging of the United States population will continue to place pressure on federal health care programs. Other risks we face during periods of economic weakness and high unemployment include potential
declines in the population covered under managed care agreements, increased patient decisions to postpone or cancel elective and nonemergency health care procedures, increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations, increased adoption of
health plan structures that shift financial responsibility to patients and further difficulties in our collecting patient receivables for copayment and deductible amounts. The Health Reform Law seeks to decrease over time the number of uninsured
individuals, but it is difficult to predict the full impact of the Health Reform Law.    Compliance Program
   We maintain a comprehensive ethics and compliance program that is designed to meet or exceed applicable
federal guidelines and industry standards. The program is intended to monitor and raise awareness of various regulatory issues among employees and to emphasize the importance of complying with governmental laws and regulations. As part of the ethics
and compliance program, we provide annual ethics and compliance training to our employees and encourage all employees to report any violations to their supervisor, an ethics and compliance officer or a toll-free telephone ethics line. The Health
Reform Law requires providers to implement core elements of compliance program criteria to be established by HHS, on a timeline to be established by HHS, as a condition of enrollment in the Medicare or Medicaid programs, and we may have to modify
our compliance programs to comply with these new criteria.    Antitrust Laws  
 The federal government and most states have enacted antitrust laws that prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be
anti-competitive. These laws prohibit price fixing, market allocation, bid-rigging, concerted refusal to deal, market monopolization, price discrimination, tying arrangements, acquisitions of competitors and other practices that have, or may have,
an adverse effect on competition. Violations of federal or state antitrust laws can result in various sanctions, including criminal and civil penalties. Antitrust enforcement in the health care industry is currently a priority of the Federal Trade
Commission and the DOJ. We believe we are in compliance with such federal and state laws, but courts or regulatory authorities may reach a determination in the future that could adversely affect our operations.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Environmental Matters  
 We are subject to various federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating the discharge of materials into the
environment. We do not believe that we will be required to expend any material amounts in order to comply with these laws and regulations.    Insurance    As is typical in the health care industry, we
are subject to claims and legal actions by patients in the ordinary course of business. Subject, in most cases, to a $5 million per occurrence self-insured retention (effective January 1, 2015, the self-insured retention is increasing to
$15 million per occurrence), our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence. The insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a
retention level of $25 million per occurrence. We also maintain professional liability insurance with unrelated commercial carriers for losses in excess of amounts insured by our insurance subsidiary.  
 We purchase, from unrelated insurance companies, coverage for cyber security incidents, directors and officers liability
and property loss in amounts we believe are adequate. The cyber security and directors and officers liability coverage each include a $5 million corporate deductible. In addition, we will continue to purchase coverage for our directors and officers
on an ongoing basis. The property coverage includes varying deductibles depending on the cause of the property damage. These deductibles range from $500,000 per claim up to 5% of the affected property values for certain flood and wind and earthquake
related incidents.    Employees and Medical Staffs  
 At December 31, 2014, we had approximately 225,000 employees, including approximately 56,000 part-time
employees. References herein to “employees” refer to employees of our affiliates. We are subject to various state and federal laws that regulate wages, hours, benefits and other terms and conditions relating to employment. At
December 31, 2014, certain employees at 38 of our domestic hospitals are represented by various labor unions. While no elections are expected in 2015, it is possible additional hospitals may unionize in the future. We consider our employee
relations to be good and have not experienced work stoppages that have materially, adversely affected our business or results of operations. Our hospitals, like most hospitals, have experienced rising labor costs. In some markets, nurse and medical
support personnel availability has become a significant operating issue to health care providers. To address this challenge, we have implemented several initiatives to improve retention, recruiting, compensation programs and productivity.
   Our hospitals are staffed by licensed physicians, including both employed physicians and physicians who are
not employees of our hospitals. Some physicians provide services in our hospitals under contracts, which generally describe a term of service, provide and establish the duties and obligations of such physicians, require the maintenance of certain
performance criteria and fix compensation for such services. Any licensed physician may apply to be accepted to the medical staff of any of our hospitals, but the hospital’s medical staff and the appropriate governing board of the hospital, in
accordance with established credentialing criteria, must approve acceptance to the staff. Members of the medical staffs of our hospitals often also serve on the medical staffs of other hospitals and may terminate their affiliation with one of our
hospitals at any time.    We may be required to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain
nurses and other medical support personnel or to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. As a result, our labor costs could increase. We also depend on the available labor pool of semi-skilled and unskilled employees in each of the
markets in which we operate. Certain proposed changes in federal labor laws and the National Labor Relations Board’s (the “NLRB”) modification of its election procedures could increase the likelihood of employee unionization attempts.
To the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, our costs could increase materially. In addition, the states in which we operate could adopt mandatory nurse-staffing ratios
 
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
or could reduce mandatory nurse-staffing ratios already in place. State-mandated nurse-staffing ratios could significantly affect labor costs, and have an adverse impact on revenues if we are
required to limit patient admissions in order to meet the required ratios.    Executive Officers of the Registrant
   As of January 31, 2015, our executive officers were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
   Age 
   
    
   Position(s) 


 
   R. Milton Johnson 
    
   
 58 
    
    
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
   David G. Anderson 
    
   
 67 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Finance 
 
   Victor L. Campbell 
    
   
 68 
    
    
 Senior Vice President 
 
   Ravi S. Chari, M.D. 
    
   
 49 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Clinical Excellence 
 
   Michael S. Cuffe, M.D. 
    
   
 49 
    
    
 President — Physician Services Group 
 
   Jana J. Davis 
    
   
 56 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Corporate Affairs 
 
   Jane D. Englebright 
    
   
 56 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Chief Nursing Officer 
 
   Jon M. Foster 
    
   
 53 
    
    
 President — American Group 
 
   Charles J. Hall 
    
   
 61 
    
    
 President — National Group 
 
   Samuel N. Hazen 
    
   
 54 
    
    
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
   A. Bruce Moore, Jr. 
    
   
 54 
    
    
 President — Service Line and Operations Integration 
 
   Sandra L. Morgan 
    
   
 52 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Provider Relations 
 
   P. Martin Paslick 
    
   
 55 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer 
 
   Jonathan B. Perlin, M.D. 
    
   
 53 
    
    
 President — Clinical Services Group and Chief Medical Officer 
 
   William B. Rutherford 
    
   
 51 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
   Joseph A. Sowell, III 
    
   
 58 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Chief Development Officer 
 
   Joseph N. Steakley 
    
   
 60 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Internal Audit Services 
 
   John M. Steele 
    
   
 59 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Donald W. Stinnett 
    
   
 58 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Controller 
 
   Juan Vallarino 
    
   
 54 
    
    
 Senior Vice President — Employer and Payer Engagement 
 
   Robert A. Waterman 
    
   
 61 
    
    
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Labor Relations Officer 
 
   Alan R. Yuspeh 
    
   
 65 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer 
   R. Milton Johnson  was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer effective
December 31, 2014. Mr. Johnson served as President and Chief Executive Officer from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2014 and has been a director of the Company since December 2009. Mr. Johnson previously served the Company as President and Chief
Financial Officer from February 2011 through December 2013 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from July 2004 to February 2011. Prior to that time, he served as Senior Vice President and Controller from July 1999 until July 2004
and as Vice President and Controller of the Company from November 1998 to July 1999. From April 1995 to October 1998, Mr. Johnson served as Vice President — Tax of the Company. Prior to that time, Mr. Johnson served as Director of Tax for
Healthtrust, Inc. — The Hospital Company from September 1987 to April 1995.    David G. Anderson  has
served as Senior Vice President — Finance since July 1999 and also served as Treasurer of the Company from November 1996 to July 2014. Mr. Anderson also served as Vice President — Finance from September 1993 to
July 1999. From March 1993 until September 1993, Mr. Anderson served as Vice President — Finance and Treasurer of Galen Health Care, Inc. From July 1988 to March 1993, Mr. Anderson served as Vice President —
Finance and Treasurer of Humana Inc.    Victor L. Campbell  has served as Senior Vice President of
the Company since February 1994. He is responsible for government and investor relations. Prior to that time, Mr. Campbell served as HCA-Hospital Corporation of America’s Vice President for Investor, Corporate and Government Relations.
Mr. Campbell  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
joined HCA-Hospital Corporation of America in 1972. Mr. Campbell serves on the board of the Nashville Health Care Council, as a member of the American Hospital Association’s
President’s Forum, and on the board and executive committee of the Federation of American Hospitals.  
 Dr.  Ravi S. Chari   was appointed Senior Vice President — Clinical Excellence in January 2015.
Prior to that time, Dr. Chari served as Vice President — Clinical Excellence from September 2011 to January 2015 and Chief Medical Officer of HCA’s TriStar Division from October 2010 to September 2011. He served as Chief Medical Officer at
Centennial Medical Center from September 2008 to October 2010 and also served as interim Chief Operating Officer of the Sarah Cannon Cancer Centers for the TriStar Division from October 2009 to March 2010. Dr. Chari has also served as Clinical
Professor of Surgery at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine since November 2008 and previously served as Professor of Surgery from 2005 to 2008 and Associate Professor from 2001 to 2005.  
 Dr. Michael S. Cuffe  has served as President — Physician Services Group since October 2011. From October 2011
to January 2015, Dr. Cuffe also served as a Vice President of the Company. Prior to that time, Dr. Cuffe served Duke University Health System as Vice President for Ambulatory Services and Chief Medical Officer from March 2011 to October 2011 and
Vice President Medical Affairs from June 2005 to March 2011. He also served Duke University School of Medicine as Vice Dean for Medical Affairs from June 2008 to March 2011, Deputy Chair of the Department of Medicine from August 2009 to August 2010
and Associate Professor of Medicine from March 2005 to October 2011. Prior that time, Dr. Cuffe served in various leadership roles with the Duke Clinical Research Institute, Duke University Medical Center and Duke University School of Medicine.
   Jana J. Davis   was appointed Senior Vice President — Corporate Affairs of the Company in
December 2012. Prior to that time, she served as the Company’s Senior Vice President — Communications from February 2011 to December 2012 and Vice President of Communications from November 1997 to February 2011. Ms. Davis
joined HCA in 1997 from Burson-Marsteller, where she was a Managing Director and served as Corporate Practice Chair for Latin American operations. Ms. Davis also held a number of Public Affairs positions in the George H.W. Bush and Reagan
Administrations. Ms. Davis is an attorney and serves as chair of the Public Relations Committee for the Federation of American Hospitals.    Dr.  Jane D. Englebright   was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Nursing Officer in January 2015. Dr. Englebright previously served as Vice President and Chief Nursing Officer
from 2007 to January 2015. Dr. Englebright joined HCA in 1992 as a critical care nurse at Lewisville Medical Center in Texas and became Chief Nursing Officer of HCA’s San Antonio Community Hospital in 1996.   Dr. Englebright currently
serves as the At-Large Nursing Representative to The Joint Commission’s Board of Commissioners and chairs the Board of Governors of the National Patient Safety Foundation.  
 Jon M. Foster  was appointed President — American Group in January 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Foster served
as President — Southwest Group from February 2011 to January 2013 and as Division President for the Central and West Texas Division from January 2006 to February 2011. Mr. Foster joined HCA in March 2001 as President and CEO of
St. David’s HealthCare in Austin, Texas and served in that position until February 2011. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Foster served in various executive capacities within the Baptist Health System, Knoxville, Tennessee and The
Methodist Hospital System in Houston, Texas.    Charles J. Hall  was appointed President — National
Group in February 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Hall served as President — Eastern Group from October 2006 to February 2011. Mr. Hall had previously served the Company as President — North Florida Division from April 2003
until October 2006, as President of the East Florida Division from January 1999 until April 2003, as a Market President in the East Florida Division from January 1998 until December 1998, as President of the South Florida Division from February 1996
until December 1997, and as President of the Southwest Florida Division from October 1994 until February 1996, and in various other capacities since 1987.    Samuel N. Hazen  was appointed Chief Operating Officer in January 2015. Prior to that time, he served as President — Operations of the Company from February 2011 to January 2015.
Mr. Hazen served as President — Western Group from July 2001 to February 2011 and as Chief Financial Officer — Western Group of the  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Company from August 1995 to July 2001. Mr. Hazen served as Chief Financial Officer — North Texas Division of the Company from February 1994 to July 1995. Prior to that time,
Mr. Hazen served in various hospital and regional Chief Financial Officer positions with Humana Inc. and Galen Health Care, Inc.    A. Bruce Moore, Jr.  was appointed President — Service Line and Operations Integration in February 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Moore had served as President — Outpatient
Services Group since January 2006. Mr. Moore served as Senior Vice President and as Chief Operating Officer — Outpatient Services Group from July 2004 to January 2006 and as Senior Vice President — Operations Administration
from July 1999 until July 2004. Mr. Moore served as Vice President — Operations Administration of the Company from September 1997 to July 1999, as Vice President — Benefits from October 1996 to September 1997, and as
Vice President — Compensation from March 1995 until October 1996.    Sandra L. Morgan 
 was appointed Senior Vice President — Provider Relations in January 2015. Prior to that time, she served as Vice President — National Sales from April 2008 to January 2015. From 2000 to 2008, Ms. Morgan served in various capacities
with Pfizer Inc., including Vice President of Sales for the Customer Business Unit from 2005 to 2008.    P.
Martin Paslick  was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Company in June 2012. Prior to that time, he served as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Information Technology & Services from March
2010 to May 2012 and Vice President — Information Technology & Services Field Operations from September 2006 to February 2010. From January 1998 to September 2006, he served in various Vice President roles in the Company’s
Information Technology & Services department. Mr. Paslick joined the Company in 1985.  
 Dr. Jonathan B. Perlin  was appointed President — Clinical Services Group and Chief Medical Officer
in November 2007. Dr. Perlin had served as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President — Quality of the Company from August 2006 to November 2007. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Perlin served as Under Secretary for Health
in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs since April 2004. Dr. Perlin joined the Veterans Health Administration in November 1999 where he served in various capacities, including as Deputy Under Secretary for Health from July 2002 to
April 2004, and as Chief Quality and Performance Officer from November 1999 to September 2002. He also served as Senior Advisor to the Acting Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs from July 2014 to September 2014 and is the current
Chairman-elect for the American Hospital Association.    William B. Rutherford  has served as the
Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2014. Mr. Rutherford previously served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company’s Clinical and Physician Services Group from January 2011 to January 2014
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company’s Outpatient Services Group from November 2008 to January 2011. Prior to that time, Mr. Rutherford was employed by Summit Consulting Group of Tennessee from July 2007 to November 2008 and was
Chief Operating Officer of Psychiatric Solutions, Inc. from March 2006 to June 2007. Mr. Rutherford also previously served in various positions with the Company from 1986 to 2005, including Chief Financial Officer of what was then the
Company’s Eastern Group, Director of Internal Audit and Director of Operations Support.    Joseph A.
Sowell, III  was appointed as Senior Vice President and Chief Development Officer of the Company in December 2009. From 1987 to 1996 and again from 1999 to 2009, Mr. Sowell was a partner at the law firm of Waller Lansden
Dortch & Davis where he specialized in the areas of health care law, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, private equity financing, tax law and general corporate law. He also co-managed the firm’s corporate and commercial
transactions practice. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Sowell served as the head of development, and later as the Chief Operating Officer of Arcon Healthcare.    Joseph N. Steakley  has served as Senior Vice President — Internal Audit Services of the Company since July 1999. Mr. Steakley served as Vice President — Internal Audit
Services from November 1997 to July 1999. From October 1989 until October 1997, Mr. Steakley was a partner with Ernst & Young LLP.    John M. Steele  has served as Senior Vice President — Human Resources of the Company since November 2003. Mr. Steele served as Vice President — Compensation and
Recruitment of the Company from  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
November 1997 to October 2003. From March 1995 to November 1997, Mr. Steele served as Assistant Vice President — Recruitment.  
 Donald W. Stinnett  has served as Senior Vice President and Controller since December 2008. Mr. Stinnett
served as Chief Financial Officer — Eastern Group from October 2005 to December 2008 and Chief Financial Officer of the Far West Division from July 1999 to October 2005. Mr. Stinnett served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice
President of Finance of Franciscan Health System of the Ohio Valley from 1995 until 1999, and served in various capacities with Franciscan Health System of Cincinnati and Providence Hospital in Cincinnati prior to that time.  
 Juan Vallarino  was appointed Senior Vice President — Employer and Payer Engagement (former Senior Vice
President — Strategic Pricing and Analytics) in February 2011. From October 2006 to February 2011, Mr. Vallarino served as Vice President — Strategic Pricing and Analytics. Prior to that, Mr. Vallarino served as Vice
President of Managed Care for the Western Group of the Company from January 1998 to October 2006.    Robert
A. Waterman  has served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since November 1997 and Chief Labor Relations Officer since March 2009. Mr. Waterman served as a partner in the law firm of Latham & Watkins from
September 1993 to October 1997; he was Chair of the firm’s health care group during 1997.    Alan R.
Yuspeh  has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer of the Company since May 2007. From October 1997 to May 2007, Mr. Yuspeh served as Senior Vice President — Ethics, Compliance and Corporate
Responsibility of the Company. From September 1991 until October 1997, Mr. Yuspeh was a partner with the law firm of Howrey & Simon. As a part of his law practice, Mr. Yuspeh served from 1987 to 1997 as Coordinator of the Defense
Industry Initiative on Business Ethics and Conduct.  
 Item 1A.     Risk Factors   
 If any of the events discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial position, results of
operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially, adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial, may also constrain our business and operations.  
 Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit
our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations.  
 We are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2014, our total indebtedness was $29.645 billion. As of
December 31, 2014, we had availability of $1.944 billion under our senior secured revolving credit facility and $168 million under our asset-based revolving credit facility, after giving effect to letters of credit and borrowing base
limitations. Our high degree of leverage could have important consequences, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increasing our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
regulations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore
reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our unhedged borrowings are at variable rates of interest;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or causing us to make nonstrategic divestitures;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product or service line development, debt service
requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less
highly leveraged.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in
the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our outstanding notes. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could
intensify.    We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may not
be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms. If we are unable to do so, we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.  
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and
operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities
sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.    In addition,
we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us by dividend, debt repayment or
otherwise. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and
contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. We may find it necessary or prudent to refinance our outstanding indebtedness with longer-maturity debt at a higher interest rate. Our ability to refinance our
indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the current global economic and financial conditions. In addition, our ability to incur secured indebtedness (which would generally enable us to achieve better pricing than the
incurrence of unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of our assets, which depends, in turn, on the strength of our cash flows and results of operations, and on economic and market conditions and other factors.  
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to
refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us
to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. If our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or
operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions, or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.  
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.  
 Our senior secured credit facilities and, to a lesser extent, the indentures governing our outstanding notes contain
various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or make other restricted payments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make certain investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   sell or transfer assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Under our asset-based revolving credit facility, when (and for as long as)
the combined availability under our asset-based revolving credit facility and our senior secured revolving credit facility is less than a specified amount for a certain period of time or, if a payment or bankruptcy event of default has occurred and
is continuing, funds deposited into any of our depository accounts will be transferred on a daily basis into a blocked account with the administrative agent and applied to prepay loans under the asset-based revolving credit facility and to cash
collateralize letters of credit issued thereunder.    Under our senior secured credit facilities, we are
required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance we will continue to meet those ratios. A breach of any of these
covenants could result in a default under both the cash flow credit facility and the asset-based revolving credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the senior secured credit facilities, the lenders thereunder could elect to
declare all amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the senior secured
credit facilities could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness. We have pledged a significant portion of our assets under our senior secured credit facilities and that collateral is also pledged as collateral
under our first lien notes. If any of the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, there can be no assurance there will be sufficient assets to repay the senior secured credit facilities, the first
lien notes and our other indebtedness.    Our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals
and health care providers.    The health care business is highly competitive, and competition among
hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. Generally, other hospitals in the communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals. In addition, CMS publicizes on its Hospital
Compare website performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys hospitals submit in connection with their Medicare reimbursement. Federal law provides for the future expansion of the number of quality measures
that must be reported. Additional quality measures and future trends toward clinical transparency may have an unanticipated impact on our competitive position and patient volumes. Further, every hospital must establish and update annually a public
listing of the hospital’s standard charges for items and services. If any of our hospitals achieve poor results (or results that are lower than our competitors) on these quality measures or on patient satisfaction surveys or if our standard
charges are higher than our competitors, our patient volumes could decline.    In addition, the number of
freestanding specialty hospitals, surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers and diagnostic and imaging centers in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased significantly. As a result, most of our hospitals operate in a
highly competitive environment. Some of the facilities that compete with our hospitals are physician-owned or are owned by governmental agencies or not-for-profit corporations supported by endowments, charitable contributions and/or tax revenues and
can finance capital expenditures and operations on a tax-exempt basis. Our hospitals face competition from competitors that are implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and
participating in ACOs or other clinical integration models. Our hospitals compete with specialty hospitals and with both our own and unaffiliated freestanding surgery centers for market share in certain high margin services and for quality
physicians and personnel. If ambulatory surgery centers are better able to compete in this environment than our hospitals, our hospitals may experience a decline in patient volume, and we may experience a decrease in margin, even if those patients
use our ambulatory surgery centers. In states that do not require a CON or other type of approval for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities or services, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital
spending is more prevalent. Further, if our competitors are better able to attract patients, make capital expenditures and maintain modern and technologically upgraded facilities and equipment, recruit physicians, expand services or obtain favorable
managed care contracts at their facilities than our hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, we may experience an overall decline in patient volume. See Item 1, “Business — Competition.”  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A deterioration in the collectability of uninsured and patient due
accounts could adversely affect our results of operations.    The primary collection risks of our accounts
receivable relate to the uninsured patient accounts and patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (exclusions, deductibles and copayments)
remain outstanding. The provision for doubtful accounts relates primarily to amounts due directly from patients. Medicare reimburses hospitals for 65% of eligible Medicare bad debts. To be eligible for reimbursement, the amounts claimed must meet
certain criteria, including that the debt is related to unpaid deductible or coinsurance amounts and that the hospital first attempted to collect the fees from the Medicare beneficiary.  
 The amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s assessment of historical write-offs and
expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal and state governmental and private employer health care coverage, the rate of growth in uninsured patient admissions and other collection indicators. At December 31,
2014, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 91.4% of the $5.482 billion patient due accounts receivable balance. The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care increased from
$13.841 billion for 2012 to $15.565 billion for 2013 and to $15.943 billion for 2014.    Any
increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of uninsured accounts receivable will adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Our facilities may experience growth in bad debts, uninsured discounts and charity care as
a result of a number of factors, including conditions impacting the overall economy and high unemployment. The Health Reform Law contains provisions that seek to decrease, over time, the number of uninsured individuals through reforms, most of which
became effective January 1, 2014, but it is difficult to predict the full impact of the Health Reform Law. For example, a number of states have opted out of the Medicaid expansion. Further, the employer mandate, which requires firms with 50 or
more full-time employees to offer health insurance or pay fines, will not be fully implemented until January 1, 2016. Even after full implementation of the Health Reform Law, we may continue to experience bad debts and have to provide uninsured
discounts and charity care for individuals residing in states that choose not to implement the Medicaid expansion, for undocumented aliens who are not permitted to enroll in an Exchange or government health care programs and for certain others who
may not have insurance coverage. Further, implementation of the Health Reform Law could result in some patients terminating their current insurance plans in favor of lower cost Medicaid plans or other insurance coverage with lower reimbursement
levels. We may also be adversely affected by the growth in patient responsibility accounts as a result of increases in the adoption of plan structures that shift greater responsibility for care to individuals through greater exclusions and copayment
and deductible amounts.    Changes in government health care programs may adversely affect our revenues.
   A significant portion of our patient volume is derived from government health care programs, principally
Medicare and Medicaid. Specifically, we derived 42.6% of our revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs in 2014. Changes in government health care programs may reduce the reimbursement we receive and could adversely affect our business and
results of operations.    In recent years, legislative and regulatory changes have resulted in limitations on
and, in some cases, reductions in levels of payments to health care providers for certain services under the Medicare program. The Budget Control Act of 2011 (the “BCA”) requires automatic spending reductions of $1.2 trillion for federal
fiscal years 2013 through 2021, minus any deficit reductions enacted by Congress and debt service costs. However, the percentage reduction for Medicare may not be more than 2% for a fiscal year, with a uniform percentage reduction across all
Medicare programs. These reductions have been extended by Congress through 2024. We are unable to predict what other deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by Congress or whether Congress will attempt to suspend or restructure the automatic
budget cuts. These reductions are in addition to reductions mandated by the Health Reform Law, which provides for material reductions in the growth of Medicare program spending, including reductions in Medicare market basket updates and Medicare DSH
funding. Further, from  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
time to time, CMS revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse health care providers, including changes to the MS-DRG system and other payment systems, which may result in reduced Medicare
payments. For example, CMS has established what is referred to as the “two midnight rule,” which provides that Medicare beneficiaries are only to be admitted as inpatients when there is a reasonable expectation that the hospital care is
medically necessary and will be required across two midnights, absent unusual circumstances. Compliance with the rule became required for admissions beginning October 1, 2013 and will become subject to RAC audits for admissions on or after
April 1, 2015.    Because most states must operate with balanced budgets and because the Medicaid program
is often a state’s largest program, some states have enacted or may consider enacting legislation designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures. Further, many states have also adopted, or are considering, legislation designed to reduce
coverage, enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care programs and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states’ Medicaid systems. The economic downturn increased the budgetary pressures on many states, and these
budgetary pressures have resulted, and likely may continue to result, in decreased spending, or decreased spending growth, for Medicaid programs and the Children’s Health Insurance Program in many states. Some states that provide Medicaid
supplemental payments are reviewing these programs or have filed waiver requests with CMS to replace these programs, which could result in Medicaid supplemental payments being reduced or eliminated. CMS approved a five-year Medicaid waiver in
December 2011 that allows Texas to continue receiving supplemental Medicaid reimbursement while expanding its Medicaid managed care program. On October 1, 2014, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (“THHSC”) issued a notice
to hospitals participating in the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program. According to the notice, a review conducted by CMS identified certain local government/hospital affiliations it believes may be inconsistent with the waiver. In addition, CMS notified
THHSC that it would defer the federal portion of the Medicaid payments associated with the affiliations while it completes the review. CMS announced on January 7, 2015 that the payment deferral has been released, but the review is continuing.
We cannot predict whether the Texas private supplemental Medicaid Waiver Program will continue or guarantee that revenues recognized from the program will not decrease.  
 The Health Reform Law made changes to the Medicaid program and will likely cause additional changes in the future. For
example, the Health Reform Law provides for material reductions to Medicaid DSH funding. The Health Reform Law will result in increased state legislative and regulatory changes in order for states to comply with new federal mandates, such as the
requirement to establish or participate in Exchanges and to participate in grants and other incentive opportunities. A number of states have opted out of the Medicaid expansion provisions of the Health Reform Law, but these states could choose to
implement the expansion at a later date. It is unclear how many states will ultimately implement the Medicaid expansion provisions of the law.    In some cases, commercial third-party payers rely on all or portions of Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates. Changes to government health care programs that reduce payments under these
programs may negatively impact payments from commercial third-party payers.    Current or future health care
reform and deficit reduction efforts, changes in laws or regulations regarding government health care programs, other changes in the administration of government health care programs and changes to commercial third-party payers in response to health
care reform and other changes to government health care programs could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.    We are unable to predict the ultimate impact of the Health Reform Law, which represents a significant change to the health care industry.  
 The Health Reform Law changes how health care services are covered, delivered, and reimbursed through expanded coverage
of uninsured individuals, reduced growth in Medicare program spending, reductions in Medicare and Medicaid DSH payments and the establishment and expansion of programs that tie reimbursement to quality and integration. In addition, the law reforms
certain aspects of health insurance, contains provisions intended to strengthen fraud and abuse enforcement and establishes ACOs and bundled payment pilot programs.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
The expansion of health insurance coverage under the Health Reform Law may result in an increase in the number of patients using our facilities who have either private or public program coverage,
and our facilities may benefit from Health Reform Law initiatives that create possible sources of additional revenue. However, any positive effects of the Health Reform Law could be offset and the Company could be significantly impacted by
reductions to the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Substantial uncertainty remains regarding the net effect of the Health Reform Law on the Company because the resolution of a number of material factors remains unclear, including the following:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how many states will ultimately implement the Medicaid expansion provisions and under what terms;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the potential for and impact of further delays in or complications related to implementation of the Health Reform Law (for example, there were
significant problems during the initial implementation of the Exchanges that negatively impacted the ability of individuals to purchase health insurance);  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility of enactment of additional federal or state health care reforms and possible changes to the Health Reform Law;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to participate in health insurance plans offered through the Exchanges and the terms of our participation as well as treatment of out of
network claims;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how many previously uninsured individuals will obtain coverage as a result of the Health Reform Law (based on the CBO’s January 2015 estimates, by
2025, the Health Reform Law will expand coverage to 27 million additional individuals);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   what percentage of the newly insured patients will be covered under the Medicaid program and what percentage will be covered by private health
insurers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the extent to which states will enroll new Medicaid participants in managed care programs;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the pace at which insurance coverage expands, including the pace of different types of coverage expansion;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the change, if any, in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services that are sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rate paid to hospitals by private payers for newly covered individuals and individuals with existing coverage including those covered through
health insurance plans offered through the Exchanges, some of whom may have been previously covered by employer-sponsored plans;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rate paid by state governments and private payers pursuant to contracts with the state under the Medicaid program for newly covered individuals;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of the value-based purchasing provisions of the Health Reform Law on our hospitals’ revenues and the effects of other quality programs;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the percentage of individuals in the Exchanges who select restricted network plans, since health insurers offering those kinds of products have
traditionally sought to pay lower rates to hospitals;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the amount of overall revenues the Company will generate from Medicare and Medicaid business when the reductions are implemented (42.6% of our revenues
in 2014 were from Medicare and Medicaid);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the size of the Health Reform Law’s annual productivity adjustment to the market basket;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the amount of the Medicare DSH reductions and the allocation of the Medicaid DSH reductions to our hospitals;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   how successful ACOs will be at coordinating care and reducing costs or whether they will decrease reimbursement;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the scope and nature of potential changes to Medicare reimbursement methods, such as an emphasis on bundling payments or coordination of care programs;
 
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   whether the Company’s revenues from Medicaid supplemental programs developed through a federally approved waiver program (“Waiver
Program”), will be adversely affected because there may be reductions in available state and local government funding for the programs; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of court challenges, including the King v. Burwell challenge to the extension of premium subsidies to plans purchased through
federally-operated Exchanges, and efforts to repeal or revise the Health Reform Law.    If
we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with nongovernment payers, including managed care plans, our revenues may be reduced.    Our ability to obtain favorable contracts with nongovernment payers, including HMOs, PPOs and other managed care plans significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our facilities. Revenues
derived from these entities and other insurers (domestic only) accounted for 54.4%, 54.6% and 54.5% of our revenues for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Nongovernment payers, including managed care payers, continue to demand discounted fee
structures, and the trend toward consolidation among nongovernment payers tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures. As various provisions of the Health Reform Law are implemented, including the Exchanges, nongovernment payers
increasingly may demand reduced fees and utilize plan structures such as narrow networks and tiered networks that limit beneficiary provider choices or impose significantly higher cost sharing obligations when care is obtained from providers in a
disfavored tier. Other health care providers may impact our ability to enter into managed care contracts or negotiate increases in our reimbursement and other favorable terms and conditions. For example, some of our competitors may negotiate
exclusivity provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care companies to contract with us. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew our managed care contracts and enter into new
managed care contracts on terms favorable to us. It is not clear what impact, if any, the increased obligations on managed care payers and other payers imposed by the Health Reform Law will have on our ability to negotiate reimbursement increases
and participate in plan networks on favorable terms. If we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with managed care plans or experience reductions in payment increases or amounts received from nongovernment payers, our revenues may
be reduced.    Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians.
   The success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical
staffs of our hospitals, the admitting and utilization practices of those physicians, maintaining good relations with those physicians and controlling costs related to the employment of physicians. Although we employ some physicians, physicians are
often not employees of the hospitals at which they practice and, in many of the markets we serve, most physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. Such physicians may terminate their affiliation with our
hospitals at any time. If we are unable to provide adequate support personnel or technologically advanced equipment and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, they may be discouraged from referring patients
to our facilities, admissions may decrease and our operating performance may decline.    Our hospitals face
competition for staffing, which may increase labor costs and reduce profitability.    Our operations are
dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical support personnel, such as nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians, as well as our physicians. We compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining
qualified management and support personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our hospitals, including nurses and other nonphysician health care professionals. In some markets, the availability of nurses and other medical support
personnel has been a significant operating issue to health care providers. We may be required to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or to hire more expensive temporary or contract
personnel. As a result, our labor costs could increase. We also depend on the available labor pool of semi-skilled and unskilled employees in each of the markets in which we operate. Certain proposed changes in federal labor laws and the NLRB’s
modification of its election procedures could increase the likelihood of  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
employee unionization attempts. To the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially. When negotiating collective
bargaining agreements with unions, whether such agreements are renewals or first contracts, there is the possibility that strikes could occur during the negotiation process, and our continued operation during any strikes could increase our labor
costs. In addition, the states in which we operate could adopt mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or could reduce mandatory nurse staffing ratios already in place. State-mandated nurse-staffing ratios could significantly affect labor costs and have an
adverse impact on revenues if we are required to limit admissions in order to meet the required ratios. If our labor costs increase, we may not be able to raise rates to offset these increased costs. Because a significant percentage of our revenues
consists of fixed, prospective payments, our ability to pass along increased labor costs is constrained. Our failure to recruit and retain qualified management, nurses and other medical support personnel, or to control labor costs, could have a
material, adverse effect on our results of operations.    If we fail to comply with extensive laws and
government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations.    The health care industry is required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   billing and coding for services and properly handling overpayments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   appropriateness and classification of level of care provided, including proper classification of inpatient admissions, observation services and
outpatient care;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   relationships with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   necessity and adequacy of medical care;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   quality of medical equipment and services;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   qualifications of medical and support personnel;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   confidentiality, maintenance, data breach, identity theft and security issues associated with health-related and personal information and medical
records;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   screening, stabilization and transfer of individuals who have emergency medical conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   licensure, certification and enrollment with government programs;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   hospital rate or budget review;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   debt collection;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   preparing and filing of cost reports;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   operating policies and procedures;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   activities regarding competitors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   addition of facilities and services; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   environmental protection.    Among these laws are the federal Anti-kickback Statute, the federal Stark Law, the federal FCA and similar state laws. We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians and others who either
refer or influence the referral of patients to our hospitals, other health care facilities and employed physicians or who are the recipients of referrals, and these laws govern those relationships. The OIG has enacted safe harbor regulations that
outline practices deemed protected from prosecution under the Anti-kickback Statute. While we endeavor to comply with the applicable safe harbors, certain of our current arrangements, including joint ventures and financial relationships with
physicians and other referral sources and persons and entities to which we refer patients, do not qualify for safe harbor protection. Failure to qualify for a safe harbor does not mean the arrangement necessarily violates the Anti-kickback Statute
but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. However, we cannot offer assurance that practices outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the Anti- 
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
kickback Statute. Allegations of violations of the Anti-kickback Statute may be brought under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law, which requires a lower burden of proof than other fraud and
abuse laws, including the Anti-kickback Statute.    Our financial relationships with referring physicians and
their immediate family members must comply with the Stark Law by meeting an exception. We attempt to structure our relationships to meet an exception to the Stark Law, but the regulations implementing the exceptions are detailed and complex, and we
cannot provide assurance that every relationship complies fully with the Stark Law. Unlike the Anti-kickback Statute, failure to meet an exception under the Stark Law results in a violation of the Stark Law, even if such violation is technical in
nature.    Additionally, if we violate the Anti-kickback Statute or Stark Law, or if we improperly bill for our
services, we may be found to violate the FCA, either under a suit brought by the government or by a private person under a  qui tam , or “whistleblower,” suit. See Item 1, “Business — Regulation and Other Factors.”
   We also operate health care facilities in the United Kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships
with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act regulates U.S. companies in their
dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. In addition, the United Kingdom Bribery
Act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities that affect the United Kingdom.    If we fail to comply with
these or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to liabilities, including civil penalties, the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities, exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the Medicare,
Medicaid and other federal and state health care programs and criminal penalties.    We do not always have the
benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. In the future, different interpretations or enforcement of, or amendment to, these or other laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices
to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. A determination that we have violated these or other laws, or the
public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of these or other laws, could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, and our business reputation could
suffer significantly. In addition, other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level may be adopted that adversely affect our business.    We have been and could become the subject of governmental investigations, claims and litigation.    Health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various governmental agencies. Further, under the FCA, private parties have the right to bring  qui tam , or “whistleblower,”
suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. Certain of our individual facilities have
received, and other facilities may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. Depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered
systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.    Governmental agencies and their agents, such as the Medicare Administrative Contractors, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, as well as the OIG, CMS and state Medicaid programs, conduct audits of our
health care operations. Private payers may conduct similar post-payment audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring. Depending on the nature of the conduct found in such audits and whether the underlying conduct could be considered
systemic, the resolution of these audits could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CMS contracts with RACs on a contingency fee basis to conduct post-payment
reviews to detect and correct improper payments in the fee-for-service Medicare program. The Health Reform Law expands the RAC program’s scope to include managed Medicare plans and Medicaid claims. RAC denials are appealable; however, HHS has
imposed a suspension of assignment of new Medicare appeals to Administrative Law Judges for at least two years beginning July 16, 2013, which negatively impacts our ability to appeal RAC payment denials. HHS recently offered to pay hospitals
68% of the net allowable amount associated with inpatient status claims denials in exchange for the withdrawal of all medical claims appealed. We accepted the settlement offer and executed an administrative agreement with HHS.  
 In addition, CMS employs MICs to perform post-payment audits of Medicaid claims and identify overpayments. The Health
Reform Law increases federal funding for the MIC program. In addition to RACs and MICs, the state Medicaid agencies and other contractors have increased their review activities.  
 Should we be found out of compliance with any of these laws, regulations or programs, depending on the nature of the
findings, our business, our financial position and our results of operations could be negatively impacted.  
 Changes to physician utilization practices and treatment methodologies or governmental or managed care controls
designed to reduce inpatient services or surgical procedures may reduce our revenues.    Controls imposed by
Medicare, managed Medicare, Medicaid, managed Medicaid and commercial third-party payers designed to reduce admissions, intensity of services, surgical volumes and lengths of stay, in some instances referred to as “utilization review,”
have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. Utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by health plans. The Medicare program also issues national or local coverage
determinations that restrict the circumstances under which Medicare pays for certain services. Inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payer-required preadmission authorization,
coverage restrictions and utilization review and by payer pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients. Efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. For
example, the Health Reform Law expanded the use of prepayment review by Medicare contractors by eliminating statutory restrictions on their use. Additionally, trends in physician treatment protocols and managed care health plan design, such as plans
that shift increased costs and accountability for care to patients, could reduce our surgical volumes and admissions in favor of lower intensity and lower cost treatment methodologies. Changes in treatment regimens and medical technology advances
may reduce the demand for services we offer and decrease the reimbursement that we receive. Significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed, cost controls, and changes to physician utilization practices, treatment methodologies, reimbursement
rates and fees could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.    Our overall business results may suffer during periods of general economic weakness.    Budget deficits at federal, state and local government entities have had a negative impact on spending, and may continue to negatively impact spending, for health and human service programs, including
Medicare, Medicaid and similar programs, which represent significant payer sources for our hospitals. Other risks we face during periods of economic weakness and high unemployment include potential declines in the population covered under managed
care agreements, patient decisions to postpone or cancel elective and nonemergency health care procedures (including delaying surgical procedures), potential increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations and further difficulties in
collecting patient copayment and deductible receivables.    The industry trend toward value-based purchasing
may negatively impact our revenues.    There is a trend in the health care industry toward value-based
purchasing of health care services. These value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. Governmental programs including Medicare currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full
reimbursement updates. In addition, Medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events (also called “never events”). The Health Reform Law also prohibits the use of federal funds under the Medicaid program
to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat HACs. Beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, the 25% of hospitals with the worst risk-adjusted HAC rates in the designated performance period will receive a 1% reduction in their
inpatient PPS Medicare payments.    Hospitals with excess readmission rates for conditions designated by HHS
will receive a reduction in their inpatient PPS operating Medicare payments for all Medicare inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmission standard. The reduction in payments to hospitals with
excess readmissions is capped at 3% for federal fiscal year 2015 and subsequent years.    As required by the
Health Reform Law, HHS has implemented a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services that reduces inpatient hospital payments for all discharges by 1.5% in federal fiscal year 2015. This percentage increases by 0.25% each fiscal
year up to 2% in federal fiscal year 2017 and subsequent years. HHS pools the amount collected from these reductions to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards established by HHS. HHS estimates
that it will distribute $1.4 billion to hospitals in federal fiscal year 2015 based on their achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement (relative to the hospital’s own past performance). Hospitals that meet or exceed the quality
performance standards will receive greater reimbursement under the value-based purchasing program than they would have otherwise.    Many large commercial payers currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payers do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. Further, we have
implemented a policy pursuant to which we do not bill patients or third-party payers for fees or expenses incurred due to certain preventable adverse events.    We expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts.
We are unable at this time to predict our future reductions and payments under these programs or how this trend will affect our results of operations, but it could negatively impact our revenues.  
 Our operations could be impaired by a failure of our information systems.  
 The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. In addition to our shared services
initiatives, our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   accounting and financial reporting;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   billing and collecting accounts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   coding and compliance;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   clinical systems;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   medical records and document storage;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   inventory management;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources,
including telecommunications or network failures, human acts and natural disasters. We have taken precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information systems. Nevertheless, we may experience system failures.
The occurrence of any system failure could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, all of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position
and results of operations and harm our business reputation.    A cyber security incident could result in a
loss of confidential data, give rise to remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under HIPAA, consumer protection laws, or other common law theories, subject us to litigation and federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our
reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business.    We collect and store on our networks sensitive
information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our patients and employees. In addition, we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and utilize electronic
health records and to become meaningful users of health information technology. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of this data through technology, processes, and our people. We utilize current security technologies, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite
these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against information systems create risk of cyber security incidents. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to cyber security
incidents that bypass our security measures, result in loss of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws or disrupt our information systems or business. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and
enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our information systems from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant
additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cyber security vulnerabilities. The occurrence of any of these events could result in (i) business interruptions and delays; (ii) the
loss, misappropriation, corruption or unauthorized access of data; (iii) litigation and potential liability under privacy, security and consumer protection laws or other applicable laws; and (iv) federal and state governmental inquiries, any of
which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation.    If we fail to effectively and timely implement electronic health record systems and transition to the ICD-10 coding system, our operations could be adversely affected.  
 As required by ARRA, the Secretary of HHS has developed and implemented an incentive payment program for eligible
hospitals and health care professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified EHR technology. HHS uses the Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System (“PECOS”) to verify Medicare enrollment prior to making EHR incentive program
payments. During 2014, we received Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments for being a meaningful user of certified EHR technology and recorded incentive income of $125 million for the year.  
 We have incurred and will continue to incur both capital costs and operating expenses in order to implement and maintain
our certified EHR technology and meet meaningful use requirements. These expenses are ongoing and are projected to continue over all stages of implementation of meaningful use. The timing of expenses will not correlate with the receipt of the
incentive payments and the recognition of incentive income. During 2014, we incurred $112 million of operating expenses to implement our certified EHR technology and to meet meaningful use. If our eligible hospitals and eligible employed
professionals are unable to meet the requirements for participation in the incentive payment program, including having an enrollment record in PECOS, we will not be eligible to receive incentive payments that could offset some of the costs of
implementing certified EHR  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
technology. Further, eligible hospitals and eligible professionals that have failed to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology in an applicable prior reporting period will be
subject to reduced payments from Medicare, beginning in federal fiscal year 2015 for eligible hospitals and calendar year 2015 for eligible professionals. Failure to implement and continue to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology
could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.    Health plans and
providers, including our hospitals, are required to transition to the new ICD-10 coding system, which greatly expands the number and detail of billing codes used for inpatient claims. Use of the ICD-10 system is required beginning October 1,
2015. Transition to the new ICD-10 system requires significant investment in training of staff and physicians involved in the coding and billing process as well as investment in coding technology and software. In addition to these upfront costs of
transition to ICD-10, it is possible that our hospitals could experience disruption or delays in payment due to technical or coding errors or other implementation issues involving our systems or the systems and implementation efforts of health plans
and their business partners. Further, the transition to the more detailed ICD-10 coding system could result in decreased reimbursement if the use of ICD-10 codes results in conditions being reclassified to MS-DRGs or commercial payer payment
groupings with lower levels of reimbursement than assigned under the previous system.    The emergence and
effects related to a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the Ebola virus, could adversely affect our operations.    If a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the Ebola virus, or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected.
Such a crisis could diminish the public trust in health care facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases. If any of our facilities were
involved, or perceived as being involved, in treating patients from such an infectious disease, patients might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities. Further, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak might adversely affect
our operations by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, by disrupting or delaying production and delivery of materials and products in the supply chain or by causing staffing shortages in our facilities. We have disaster plans in
place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations.  
 State efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to operate
and expand our operations.    Some states, particularly in the eastern part of the country, require health
care providers to obtain prior approval, often known as a CON, for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities, to make certain capital expenditures or to make changes in services or bed capacity. In giving approval, these
states consider the need for additional or expanded health care facilities or services. We currently operate health care facilities in a number of states with CON laws or that require other types of approvals for the establishment or expansion of
certain facility types or services. The failure to obtain any requested CON or other required approval could impair our ability to operate or expand operations. Any such failure could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to attract patients and
physicians to our facilities and grow our revenues, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.    We may encounter difficulty acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses, encounter challenges integrating the operations of acquired hospitals and other health care businesses and become
liable for unknown or contingent liabilities as a result of acquisitions.    A component of our business
strategy is acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses. We may encounter difficulty acquiring new facilities or other businesses as a result of competition from other purchasers that may be willing to pay purchase prices that are higher
than we believe are reasonable. Some states require CONs in order to acquire a hospital or other facility or to expand facilities or services. In addition, the acquisition  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
of health care facilities often involves licensure approvals or reviews and complex change of ownership processes for Medicare and other payers. Further, many states have laws that restrict the
conversion or sale of not-for-profit hospitals to for-profit entities. These laws may require prior approval from the state attorney general, advance notification of the attorney general or other regulators and community involvement. Attorneys
general in states without specific requirements may exercise broad discretionary authority over transactions involving the sale of not-for-profits under their general obligations to protect the use of charitable assets. These conversion legislative
and administrative efforts often focus on the appropriate valuation of the assets divested and the use of the proceeds of the sale by the non-profit seller and may include consideration of commitments for capital improvements and charity care by the
purchaser. Also, the increasingly challenging regulatory and enforcement environment may negatively impact our ability to acquire health care businesses if they are found to have material unresolved compliance issues, such as repayment obligations.
Resolving compliance issues as well as completion of oversight, review or approval processes could seriously delay or even prevent our ability to acquire hospitals or other businesses and increase our acquisition costs.  
 We may be unable to timely and effectively integrate hospitals and other businesses that we acquire with our ongoing
operations, or we may experience delays implementing operating procedures and systems. Hospitals and other health care businesses that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for failure to comply with health
care and other laws and regulations, medical and general professional liabilities, workers’ compensation liabilities and tax liabilities. Although we typically exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek
indemnification from the sellers for these matters, we could experience difficulty enforcing those obligations, experience liability in excess of any indemnification obtained or otherwise incur material liabilities for the pre-acquisition conduct of
acquired businesses. Such liabilities and related legal or other costs could harm our business and results of operations.    Our facilities are heavily concentrated in Florida and Texas, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states.  
 We operated 166 hospitals at December 31, 2014, and 78 of those hospitals are located in Florida and Texas. Our
Florida and Texas facilities’ combined revenues represented approximately 46% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014. This concentration makes us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and
competitive conditions and changes in those states. Any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in those states could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business
results.    In addition, our hospitals in Florida, Texas and other areas across the Gulf Coast are located in
hurricane-prone areas. In the past, hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in Florida, Texas and other coastal states and the patient populations in those states. Our business activities could be harmed by a
particularly active hurricane season or even a single storm, and the property insurance we obtain may not be adequate to cover losses from future hurricanes or other natural disasters.  
 We may be subject to liabilities from claims by taxing authorities.  
 The IRS Examination Division began an audit of HCA Holdings, Inc.’s 2011 and 2012 federal income tax returns during
2014. We are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities.    Management believes HCA
Holdings, Inc., its predecessors, subsidiaries and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the IRS, state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of
any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse
effect on our results of operations or financial position.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our
facilities.    We are subject to litigation relating to our business practices, including claims and legal
actions by patients and others in the ordinary course of business alleging malpractice, product liability or other legal theories. Many of these actions seek large sums of money as damages and involve significant defense costs. We insure a portion
of our professional liability risks through a 100% owned subsidiary. Management believes our reserves for self-insured retentions and insurance coverage are sufficient to cover insured claims arising out of the operation of our facilities. Our 100%
owned liability insurance subsidiary has entered into certain reinsurance contracts, and the obligations covered by the reinsurance contracts are included in its reserves for professional liability risks, as the subsidiary remains liable to the
extent that the reinsurers do not meet their obligations under the reinsurance contracts. If payments for claims exceed actuarially determined estimates, are not covered by insurance, or reinsurers, if any, fail to meet their obligations, our
results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.    We are exposed to market risk
related to changes in the market values of securities and interest rate changes.    We are exposed to market
risk related to changes in market values of securities. The investments in debt and equity securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were $555 million and $3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2014. These investments are
carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2014, we had a net unrealized gain of $19 million on the insurance subsidiaries’
investment securities.    We are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. Investments in debt and
equity securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. Should the 100% owned insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to
pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. We may be
required to recognize other-than-temporary impairments on long-term investments in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue
specific factors.    We are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we
periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. Our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional
principal amounts and maturity dates. The notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities.  
 The Investors may continue to have influence over us and may have conflicts of interest with us in the future.
   On November 17, 2006, HCA Inc. was acquired by a private investor group, including affiliates of or funds
sponsored by Bain Capital Partners, LLC, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., BAML Capital Partners and HCA founder, Dr. Thomas F. Frist, Jr. (collectively, the “Investors”) and by members of management and certain other investors. Through
their investment in Hercules Holding II, LLC, certain of the Investors continue to hold a significant interest in our outstanding common stock (approximately 22% as of January 31, 2015). In addition, pursuant to a shareholders agreement we
entered into with Hercules Holding II, LLC, certain representatives of the Investors have the continued right to designate certain of the members of our Board of Directors. As a result, certain of the Investors potentially have the ability to
influence our decisions to enter into corporate transactions (and the terms thereof) and prevent changes in the composition of our Board of Directors and any transaction that requires stockholder approval.  
 Additionally, the Investors are in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in
businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. One or more of the Investors may also  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us.  
 Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments   
 None.    Item 2.     Properties     The following table lists, by state, the number of hospitals (general, acute care, psychiatric and rehabilitation) directly or indirectly owned and operated by us as of December 31, 2014:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   State 
    
 Hospitals 
   
    
 Beds 
   


 
   Alaska 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 250 
    
 
   California 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 1,725 
    
 
   Colorado 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 2,357 
    
 
   Florida 
    
   
 42 
    
    
   
 11,366 
    
 
   Georgia 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 1,609 
    
 
   Idaho 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 486 
    
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 278 
    
 
   Kansas 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 1,360 
    
 
   Kentucky 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 384 
    
 
   Louisiana 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 1,159 
    
 
   Mississippi 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 130 
    
 
   Missouri 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 1,014 
    
 
   Nevada 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 1,164 
    
 
   New Hampshire 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 295 
    
 
   Oklahoma 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 772 
    
 
   South Carolina 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 811 
    
 
   Tennessee 
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 2,435 
    
 
   Texas 
    
   
 36 
    
    
   
 10,815 
    
 
   Utah 
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 950 
    
 
   Virginia 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 3,132 
    
 
   International 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   England 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 864 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 166 
    
    
   
 43,356 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In addition to the hospitals listed in the above table, we directly or indirectly operate
113 freestanding surgery centers. We also operate medical office buildings in conjunction with some of our hospitals. These office buildings are primarily occupied by physicians who practice at our hospitals. Fourteen of our general, acute care
hospitals and two of our other properties have been mortgaged to support our obligations under our senior secured cash flow credit facility and first lien secured notes.  
 We maintain our headquarters in approximately 1,500,000 square feet of space in the Nashville, Tennessee area. In
addition to the headquarters in Nashville, we maintain regional service centers related to our shared services initiatives. These service centers are located in markets in which we operate hospitals.  
 We believe our headquarters, hospitals and other facilities are suitable for their respective uses and are, in general,
adequate for our present needs. Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating their operation. Management does not believe that compliance with such statutes and ordinances will materially affect
our financial position or results of operations.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 3.     Legal
Proceedings     We operate in a highly regulated and litigious industry. As a result, various
lawsuits, claims and legal and regulatory proceedings have been and can be expected to be instituted or asserted against us. We are subject to claims for additional taxes and related interest and penalties. We are also subject to claims and suits
arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims for personal injuries or wrongful restriction of, or interference with, physicians’ staff privileges. In certain of these actions the claimants may seek punitive damages against us
which may not be covered by insurance. The resolution of any such lawsuits, claims or legal and regulatory proceedings could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.  
 Government Investigations, Claims and Litigation  
 Health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various governmental agencies. Further, under the federal
False Claims Act (“FCA”), private parties have the right to bring  qui tam , or “whistleblower,” suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Some
states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. Certain of our individual facilities have received, and from time to time, other facilities may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by,
federal and state agencies. Depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations and liquidity.    As initially disclosed in 2010, the Civil Division of the Department of Justice
(“DOJ”) has contacted the Company in connection with its nationwide review of whether, in certain cases, hospital charges to the federal government relating to implantable cardio-defibrillators (“ICDs”) met the CMS criteria. In
connection with this nationwide review, the DOJ has indicated that it will be reviewing certain ICD billing and medical records at 95 HCA hospitals; the review covers the period from October 2003 to the present. In August 2012, HCA, along with
non-HCA hospitals across the country subject to the DOJ’s review, received from the DOJ a proposed framework for resolving the DOJ’s review of ICDs. The Company is cooperating in the review. The review could potentially give rise to claims
against the Company under the federal FCA or other statutes, regulations or laws. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, this review or any resulting claims could have on the Company.  
 In July 2012, the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Miami requested information on reviews assessing
the medical necessity of interventional cardiology services provided at any Company facility (other than peer reviews). The Company cooperated with the government’s request and produced medical records associated with particular reviews at
eight hospitals, located primarily in Florida. On February 23, 2015, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida unsealed a  qui tam  action which had been filed under seal on February 16, 2012, and that alleges
particular False Claims Act violations relating to two specific facilities that were among the subjects of the Miami U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation. On January 30, 2015, the U.S. Attorney’s Office filed with the District Court a
formal notice that the Department of Justice had declined to intervene in that action. The U.S. Attorney’s Office in Miami is continuing its evaluation of the medical necessity of certain interventional cardiology services at the other
hospitals for which the Company produced records. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, the  qui tam  action, or any claims that might result from the U.S. Attorney’s continued review, including any potential claims under
the federal FCA, other statutes, regulations or laws, could have on the Company.    On April 2, 2014, the
UK Competition and Markets Authority (“Authority”) issued a final report on its investigation of the private health care market in London. It concluded, among other things, that many private hospitals face little competition in
central London, and that there are high barriers to entry. As part of its remedies package, the Authority ordered HCA to sell either: (a) its London Bridge and Princess Grace hospitals; or (b) its Wellington Hospital, including the
Hospital Platinum Medical Centre. It also imposed other remedial conditions on HCA and other private health care providers, including: regulation of incentives to referring physicians; increased access to information about fees and performance; and
restrictions on future arrangements  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
between private providers and National Health Service private patient units. HCA disagrees with the Authority’s assessment of the competitive conditions for hospitals in London, as well as
its proposed divestiture remedy, and appealed the decision to the Competition Appeal Tribunal. The Competition Appeal Tribunal overturned certain of the Authority’s findings and sent the matter back to the Authority for further proceedings.
   Securities Class Action Litigation  
 On October 28, 2011, a shareholder action, Schuh v. HCA Holdings, Inc. et al., was filed in the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee seeking monetary relief. The case sought to include as a class all persons who acquired the Company’s stock pursuant or traceable to the Company’s Registration Statement issued in
connection with the March 9, 2011 initial public offering. The lawsuit asserted a claim under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the Company, certain members of the board of directors, and certain underwriters in the
offering. It further asserted a claim under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors. The action alleged various deficiencies in the Company’s disclosures in the Registration Statement.
Subsequently, two additional class action complaints, Kishtah v. HCA Holdings, Inc. et al. and Daniels v. HCA Holdings, Inc. et al., setting forth substantially similar claims against substantially the same defendants were filed in the same
federal court on November 16, 2011 and December 12, 2011, respectively. All three of the cases were consolidated. On May 3, 2012, the court appointed New England Teamsters & Trucking Industry Pension Fund as Lead Plaintiff
for the consolidated action. On July 13, 2012, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint asserting claims under Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 against the Company, certain members of the board of directors, and
certain underwriters in the offering. It further asserts a claim under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors and Hercules Holding II, LLC, a majority shareholder of the Company at the time
of the initial public offering. The consolidated complaint alleges deficiencies in the Company’s disclosures in the Registration Statement and Prospectus relating to: (1) the accounting for the Company’s 2006 recapitalization and 2010
reorganization; (2) the Company’s failure to maintain effective internal controls relating to its accounting for such transactions; and (3) the Company’s Medicare and Medicaid revenue growth rates. The Company and other
defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint on September 11, 2012. The court granted the motion in part on May 28, 2013. The action proceeded to discovery on the remaining claims. The plaintiffs’ motion for class certification
was granted on September 22, 2014. The court certified a class consisting of all persons that acquired HCA stock on or before October 28, 2011 (the date of the lawsuit) pursuant to the Registration Statement issued in connection with the
March 9, 2011 initial public offering. A request to the court of appeals to hear an immediate appeal of this ruling was denied.    In addition to the above described shareholder class actions, on December 8, 2011, a federal shareholder derivative action, Sutton v. Bracken, et al., putatively initiated in the name of the Company,
was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee against certain officers and present and former directors of the Company seeking monetary relief. The action alleges breaches of fiduciary duties by the named
officers and directors in connection with the accounting and earnings claims set forth in the shareholder class actions described above. Setting forth substantially similar claims against substantially the same defendants, an additional federal
derivative action, Schroeder v. Bracken, et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee on December 16, 2011, and a state derivative action, Bagot v. Bracken, et al., was filed in Tennessee state
court in the Davidson County Circuit Court on December 20, 2011. The federal derivative actions were consolidated in the Middle District of Tennessee and stayed pending developments in the shareholder class actions. The state derivative action
had also been stayed pending developments in the shareholder class actions, but that stay has expired. The plaintiff in the state derivative action subsequently filed an amended complaint on September 9, 2013 that added additional allegations
made in the shareholder class actions. On September 24, 2013, an additional state derivative action, Steinberg v. Bracken, et al., was filed in Tennessee state court in the Davidson County Circuit Court. This action against our board of
directors has been consolidated with the earlier filed state derivative action. The plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a consolidated complaint on December 4, 2013. The Company filed a motion to again stay the state derivative action
pending developments in the class action, but the court has not yet acted on that motion.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Health Midwest Litigation  
 In October 2009, the Health Care Foundation of Greater Kansas City, a nonprofit health foundation, filed suit against HCA
Inc. in the Circuit Court of Jackson County, Missouri and alleged that HCA did not fund the level of capital expenditures and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with HCA’s purchase of hospitals from Health Midwest in 2003. The central
issue in the case was whether HCA’s construction of new hospitals counted towards its $450 million five-year capital commitments. In addition, the plaintiff alleged that HCA did not make its required capital expenditures in a timely
fashion. On January 24, 2013, the court ruled in favor of the plaintiff and awarded at least $162 million. The court also ordered a court-supervised accounting of HCA’s capital expenditures, as well as of expenditures on charity and
uncompensated care during the ten years following the purchase. The court also indicated it would award plaintiff attorneys fees, which the parties have stipulated are approximately $12 million for the trial phase. HCA recorded $175 million of
legal claim costs in the fourth quarter of 2012 related to this ruling, and consistent with the judge’s order, has been accruing interest on that sum at 9% per annum. On April 25, 2014, the parties stipulated to an additional $78
million shortfall relating to the capital expenditures issue. HCA recorded $78 million of legal claims costs in the first quarter of 2014 as a result of the stipulation, and is accruing interest on that amount at 9% per
annum. Pursuant to the terms of the stipulation, the parties have preserved their respective rights to contest the judge’s underlying ruling, whether through motions in the trial court or on appeal. On February 9, 2015, the parties reached
an agreement to settle the part of their dispute relating to charity and uncompensated care for $15 million. The foundation is required to use that amount, net of attorneys fees, for charitable activities in the Kansas City area. Final judgment in
the case currently is anticipated for sometime in 2015. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, the final judgment could have on the Company. HCA plans to appeal the trial court’s ruling on the capital expenditures issues once the
trial court enters judgment.    Item 4.     Mine Safety
Disclosures     None.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II    Item 5.     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   During October 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to $1 billion of
our outstanding common stock. Repurchases made during the fourth quarter of 2014, as detailed below, were made pursuant to this authorization. The November 2014 repurchases were made in the open market. The December 2014 repurchases included the
purchase of 7,612,921 shares of our common stock that were beneficially owned by affiliates of Bain Capital Investors, LLC at a purchase price of $73.26 per share, the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (the
“NYSE”) on December 5, 2014, less a discount of 1%, and repurchases in the open market of 1,964,661 shares of our common stock at an average price of $72.44 per share.  
 The following table provides certain information with respect to our repurchases of common stock from October 1,
2014 through December 31, 2014 (dollars in millions, except per share amounts).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of 
Shares Purchased as Part 
of Publicly Announced Plans 
or Programs  
   
    
 Approximate Dollar 
Value of Shares That May Yet 
Be Purchased Under 
Publicly Announced Plans or Programs
 
   


 
   October 1, 2014 through October 31, 2014 
    
   
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 1,000 
    
 
   November 1, 2014 through November 30, 2014 
    
   
 4,451,009 
    
    
 $ 
 67.42 
    
    
   
 4,451,009 
    
    
 $ 
 700 
    
 
   December 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014 
    
   
 9,577,582 
    
    
 $ 
 73.09 
    
    
   
 14,028,591 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total for Fourth Quarter 2014 
    
   
 14,028,591 
    
    
 $ 
 71.29 
    
    
   
 14,028,591 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   Our common stock is traded on the NYSE (symbol “HCA”). There were no dividends
or distributions declared during 2014 or 2013.    The table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters
indicated, the high and low sales prices per share reported on the NYSE for our common stock.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Sales Price 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
     52.68 
    
    
 $ 
     46.02 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
   
 58.55 
    
    
   
 47.79 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
   
 73.94 
    
    
   
 53.61 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
   
 75.82 
    
    
   
 62.50 
    
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 40.92 
    
    
 $ 
 30.65 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
   
 41.83 
    
    
   
 35.40 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
   
 43.11 
    
    
   
 35.20 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
   
 49.52 
    
    
   
 42.60 
    
   At the close of business on February 13, 2015, there were approximately 340 holders
of record of our common stock.  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

      


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   3/10/2011 
   
   
   3/2011 
   
   
   6/2011 
   
   
   9/2011 
   
   
   12/2011 
   
   
   3/2012 
   
   
   6/2012 
   
   
   9/2012 
   
   
   12/2012 
   
   
   3/2013 
   
   
   6/2013 
   
   
   9/2013 
   
   
   12/2013 
   
   
   3/2014 
   
   
   6/2014 
   
   
   9/2014 
   
   
   12/2014 
   


 
   HCA Holdings Inc. 
   
   
 100.00 
    
   
   
 109.19 
    
   
   
 106.38 
    
   
   
 64.99 
    
   
   
 71.02 
    
   
   
 86.11 
    
   
   
 105.92 
    
   
   
 115.73 
    
   
   
 121.66 
    
   
   
 163.84 
    
   
   
 145.41 
    
   
   
 172.39 
    
   
   
 192.39 
    
   
   
 211.71 
    
   
   
 227.35 
    
   
   
 284.37 
    
   
   
 295.95 
    
 
   S&P 500 
   
   
 100.00 
    
   
   
 100.04 
    
   
   
 100.14 
    
   
   
 86.25 
    
   
   
 96.44 
    
   
   
 108.58 
    
   
   
 105.60 
    
   
   
 112.30 
    
   
   
 111.88 
    
   
   
 123.74 
    
   
   
 127.35 
    
   
   
 134.02 
    
   
   
 148.11 
    
   
   
 150.79 
    
   
   
 158.68 
    
   
   
 160.47 
    
   
   
 168.39 
    
 
   S&P Health Care 
   
   
 100.00 
    
   
   
 101.90 
    
   
   
 109.91 
    
   
   
 98.90 
    
   
   
 108.76 
    
   
   
 118.61 
    
   
   
 120.68 
    
   
   
 128.12 
    
   
   
 128.21 
    
   
   
 148.48 
    
   
   
 154.18 
    
   
   
 164.69 
    
   
   
 181.37 
    
   
   
 191.90 
    
   
   
 200.56 
    
   
   
 211.50 
    
   
   
 227.32 
    
   The graph shows the cumulative total return to our stockholders beginning as of
March 10, 2011, the day our stock began trading on the NYSE, and through December 31, 2014, in comparison to the cumulative returns of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Health Care Index. The graph assumes $100 invested on
March 10, 2011 in our common stock and in each index with the subsequent reinvestment of dividends. The stock performance shown on the graph represents historical stock performance and is not necessarily indicative of future stock price
performance.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 6.     Selected Financial
Data      HCA HOLDINGS, INC.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
   (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   


 
   Summary of Operations: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 40,087 
    
   
 $ 
 38,040 
    
   
 $ 
 36,783 
    
   
 $ 
 32,506 
    
   
 $ 
 30,683 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 3,169 
    
   
   
 3,858 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
   
   
 2,824 
    
   
   
 2,648 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
    
   
 36,918 
    
   
   
 34,182 
    
   
   
 33,013 
    
   
   
 29,682 
    
   
   
 28,035 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and benefits 
    
   
 16,641 
    
   
   
 15,646 
    
   
   
 15,089 
    
   
   
 13,440 
    
   
   
 12,484 
    
 
   Supplies 
    
   
 6,262 
    
   
   
 5,970 
    
   
   
 5,717 
    
   
   
 5,179 
    
   
   
 4,961 
    
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 6,755 
    
   
   
 6,237 
    
   
   
 6,048 
    
   
   
 5,470 
    
   
   
 5,004 
    
 
   Electronic health record incentive income 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (216 
 )  
   
   
 (336 
 )  
   
   
 (210 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
    
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 (258 
 )  
   
   
 (282 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,820 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
   
   
 1,465 
    
   
   
 1,421 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 1,743 
    
   
   
 1,848 
    
   
   
 1,798 
    
   
   
 2,037 
    
   
   
 2,097 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (142 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
    
   
 335 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 481 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
    
   
 78 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Gain on acquisition of controlling interest in equity investment 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,522 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Termination of management agreement 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 181 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Impairments of long-lived assets 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 123 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 33,437 
    
   
   
 31,236 
    
   
   
 30,119 
    
   
   
 26,121 
    
   
   
 25,804 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 2,946 
    
   
   
 2,894 
    
   
   
 3,561 
    
   
   
 2,231 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 1,108 
    
   
   
 950 
    
   
   
 888 
    
   
   
 719 
    
   
   
 658 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 2,373 
    
   
   
 1,996 
    
   
   
 2,006 
    
   
   
 2,842 
    
   
   
 1,573 
    
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 498 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 401 
    
   
   
 377 
    
   
   
 366 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1,875 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556 
    
   
 $ 
 1,605 
    
   
 $ 
 2,465 
    
   
 $ 
 1,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per common share data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 4.30 
    
   
 $ 
 3.50 
    
   
 $ 
 3.65 
    
   
 $ 
 5.17 
    
   
 $ 
 2.83 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 4.16 
    
   
 $ 
 3.37 
    
   
 $ 
 3.49 
    
   
 $ 
 4.97 
    
   
 $ 
 2.76 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 6.50 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 9.43 
    
 
   Financial Position: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
    
 $ 
 31,199 
    
   
 $ 
 28,831 
    
   
 $ 
 28,075 
    
   
 $ 
 26,898 
    
   
 $ 
 23,852 
    
 
   Working capital 
    
   
 3,450 
    
   
   
 2,342 
    
   
   
 1,591 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
   
   
 2,650 
    
 
   Long-term debt, including amounts due within one year 
    
   
 29,645 
    
   
   
 28,376 
    
   
   
 28,930 
    
   
   
 27,052 
    
   
   
 28,225 
    
 
   Equity securities with contingent redemption rights 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 141 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 1,396 
    
   
   
 1,342 
    
   
   
 1,319 
    
   
   
 1,244 
    
   
   
 1,132 
    
 
   Stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (6,498 
 )  
   
   
 (6,928 
 )  
   
   
 (8,341 
 )  
   
   
 (7,014 
 )  
   
   
 (10,794 
 )  
 
   Cash Flow Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 4,448 
    
   
 $ 
 3,680 
    
   
 $ 
 4,175 
    
   
 $ 
 3,933 
    
   
 $ 
 3,085 
    
 
   Cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (2,918 
 )  
   
   
 (2,346 
 )  
   
   
 (2,063 
 )  
   
   
 (2,995 
 )  
   
   
 (1,039 
 )  
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (2,176 
 )  
   
   
 (1,943 
 )  
   
   
 (1,862 
 )  
   
   
 (1,679 
 )  
   
   
 (1,325 
 )  
 
   Cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (1,378 
 )  
   
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 (1,780 
 )  
   
   
 (976 
 )  
   
   
 (1,947 
 )  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   


 
   Operating Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Number of hospitals at end of period(a) 
    
   
 166 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
   
 162 
    
   
   
 163 
    
   
   
 156 
    
 
   Number of freestanding outpatient surgical centers at end of period(b) 
    
   
 113 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
   
 108 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Number of licensed beds at end of period(c) 
    
   
 43,356 
    
   
   
 42,896 
    
   
   
 41,804 
    
   
   
 41,594 
    
   
   
 38,827 
    
 
   Weighted average licensed beds(d) 
    
   
 43,132 
    
   
   
 42,133 
    
   
   
 41,795 
    
   
   
 39,735 
    
   
   
 38,655 
    
 
   Admissions(e) 
    
   
 1,795,300 
    
   
   
 1,744,100 
    
   
   
 1,740,700 
    
   
   
 1,620,400 
    
   
   
 1,554,400 
    
 
   Equivalent admissions(f) 
    
   
 2,958,700 
    
   
   
 2,844,700 
    
   
   
 2,832,100 
    
   
   
 2,595,900 
    
   
   
 2,468,400 
    
 
   Average length of stay (days)(g) 
    
   
 4.8 
    
   
   
 4.8 
    
   
   
 4.7 
    
   
   
 4.8 
    
   
   
 4.8 
    
 
   Average daily census(h) 
    
   
 23,835 
    
   
   
 22,853 
    
   
   
 22,521 
    
   
   
 21,123 
    
   
   
 20,523 
    
 
   Occupancy(i) 
    
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
 
   Emergency room visits(j) 
    
   
 7,450,700 
    
   
   
 6,968,100 
    
   
   
 6,912,000 
    
   
   
 6,143,500 
    
   
   
 5,706,200 
    
 
   Outpatient surgeries(k) 
    
   
 891,600 
    
   
   
 881,900 
    
   
   
 873,600 
    
   
   
 799,200 
    
   
   
 783,600 
    
 
   Inpatient surgeries(l) 
    
   
 518,900 
    
   
   
 508,800 
    
   
   
 506,500 
    
   
   
 484,500 
    
   
   
 487,100 
    
 
   Days revenues in accounts receivable(m) 
    
   
 54 
    
   
   
 54 
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 52 
    
   
   
 49 
    
 
   Outpatient revenues as a % of patient revenues(n) 
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes eight facilities in 2010 that were not consolidated (accounted for using the equity method) for financial reporting purposes.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes one facility in 2012 and 2011 and nine facilities in 2010 that were not consolidated (accounted for using the equity method) for financial
reporting purposes.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Licensed beds are those beds for which a facility has been granted approval to operate from the applicable state licensing agency.
 
 
 
 (d) 
   Represents the average number of licensed beds, weighted based on periods owned.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient
volume.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Equivalent admissions are used by management and certain investors as a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume. Equivalent
admissions are computed by multiplying admissions (inpatient volume) by the sum of gross inpatient revenue and gross outpatient revenue and then dividing the resulting amount by gross inpatient revenue. The equivalent admissions computation
“equates” outpatient revenue to the volume measure (admissions) used to measure inpatient volume, resulting in a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Represents the average number of days admitted patients stay in our hospitals.  
 
 
 (h) 
   Represents the average number of patients in our hospital beds each day.  
 
 
 (i) 
   Represents the percentage of hospital licensed beds occupied by patients. Both average daily census and occupancy rate provide measures of the
utilization of inpatient rooms.  
 
 
 (j) 
   Represents the number of patients treated in our emergency rooms.  
 
 
 (k) 
   Represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who were not admitted to our hospitals. Pain management and endoscopy procedures are not
included in outpatient surgeries.  
 
 
 (l) 
   Represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who have been admitted to our hospitals. Pain management and endoscopy procedures are not
included in inpatient surgeries.  
 
 
 (m) 
   Revenues per day is calculated by dividing the revenues for the fourth quarter of each year by the days in the period. Days revenues in accounts
receivable is then calculated as accounts receivable, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, at the end of the period divided by revenues per day. “Revenues” used in this computation are net of the provision for doubtful accounts.
 
 
 
 (n) 
   Represents the percentage of patient revenues related to patients who are not admitted to our hospitals.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 The selected financial data and the accompanying consolidated financial statements present certain information with
respect to the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of HCA Holdings, Inc. which should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis. The terms “HCA,” “Company,” “we,”
“our,” or “us,” as used herein, refer to HCA Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates. The term “affiliates” means direct and indirect subsidiaries of HCA Holdings, Inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such
subsidiaries are partners.    Forward-Looking Statements  
 This annual report on Form 10-K includes certain disclosures which contain “forward-looking statements.”
Forward-looking statements include statements regarding estimated EHR incentive income and related EHR operating expenses, expected share-based compensation expense, expected capital expenditures and expected net claim payments and all other
statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words like “may,” “believe,” “will,” “expect,” “project,” “estimate,”
“anticipate,” “plan,” “initiative” or “continue.” These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown uncertainties and risks, many
of which are beyond our control, which could significantly affect current plans and expectations and our future financial position and results of operations. These factors include, but are not limited to, (1) the impact of our substantial
indebtedness and the ability to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, (2) the effects related to the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act
(collectively, the “Health Reform Law”), possible delays in or complications related to implementation of the Health Reform Law, court challenges, the possible enactment of additional federal or state health care reforms and possible
changes to the Health Reform Law and other federal, state or local laws or regulations affecting the health care industry, (3) the effects related to the continued implementation of the sequestration spending reductions required under the
Budget Control Act of 2011, and related legislation extending these reductions, and the potential for future deficit reduction legislation that may alter these spending reductions, which include cuts to Medicare payments, or create additional
spending reductions, (4) increases in the amount and risk of collectability of uninsured accounts and deductibles and copayment amounts for insured accounts, (5) the ability to achieve operating and financial targets, and attain expected
levels of patient volumes and control the costs of providing services, (6) possible changes in the Medicare, Medicaid and other state programs, including Medicaid upper payment limit programs or Waiver Programs, that may impact reimbursements
to health care providers and insurers, (7) the highly competitive nature of the health care business, (8) changes in service mix, revenue mix and surgical volumes, including potential declines in the population covered under managed care
agreements, the ability to enter into and renew managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the impact of consumer driven health plans and physician utilization trends and practices, (9) the efforts of insurers, health care
providers and others to contain health care costs, (10) the outcome of our continuing efforts to monitor, maintain and comply with appropriate laws, regulations, policies and procedures, (11) increases in wages and the ability to attract
and retain qualified management and personnel, including affiliated physicians, nurses and medical and technical support personnel, (12) the availability and terms of capital to fund the expansion of our business and improvements to our
existing facilities, (13) changes in accounting practices, (14) changes in general economic conditions nationally and regionally in our markets, (15) the emergence and effects related to infectious diseases, including Ebola,
(16) future divestitures which may result in charges and possible impairments of long-lived assets, (17) changes in business strategy or development plans, (18) delays in receiving payments for services provided, (19) the outcome
of pending and any future tax audits, disputes and litigation associated with our tax positions, (20) potential adverse impact of known and unknown government investigations, litigation and other claims that may be made against us,
(21) our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Forward-Looking Statements (continued)      
  
technology and recognize income for the related Medicare or Medicaid incentive payments, and (22) other risk factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. As a consequence,
current plans, anticipated actions and future financial position and results of operations may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of HCA. You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking
statements when evaluating the information presented in this report.    2014 Operations Summary  
 Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. totaled $1.875 billion, or $4.16 per diluted share, for 2014, compared
to $1.556 billion, or $3.37 per diluted share, for 2013. The 2014 results include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, losses on retirement of debt of $335 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, and
legal claim costs of $78 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. The 2013 results include net losses on sales of facilities of $10 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $17 million, or $0.02 per diluted share.
All “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. Shares used for diluted earnings per share were 450.352 million shares and 461.913 million shares for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. During 2014, we repurchased 28.583 million shares of our common stock.    Revenues increased to $36.918 billion for 2014 from $34.182 billion for 2013. Revenues increased 8.0% and 6.9%, respectively, on a consolidated basis and on a same facility basis for 2014,
compared to 2013. The consolidated revenues increase can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.0% increase in equivalent admissions. The same facility revenues increase resulted
primarily from a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.    During 2014, consolidated admissions increased 2.9% and same facility admissions increased 2.1%, compared to 2013. Inpatient surgical volumes increased 2.0% on a consolidated basis and increased 1.3% on a
same facility basis during 2014, compared to 2013. Outpatient surgical volumes increased 1.1% on a consolidated basis and declined 0.1% on a same facility basis during 2014, compared to 2013. Emergency room visits increased 6.9% on a consolidated
basis and increased 5.8% on a same facility basis during 2014, compared to 2013.    For 2014, the provision for
doubtful accounts declined $689 million, compared to 2013. The self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts increased $278 million and $789 million, respectively, for 2014, compared to 2013. The sum of the provision for
doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 30.2% for 2014, compared to 31.3% for 2013. Same facility uninsured
admissions declined 9.4% and same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.6% for 2014, compared to 2013. We believe these declines were primarily due to previously uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health
insurance exchanges and Medicaid expansion programs.    Interest expense totaled $1.743 billion for 2014,
compared to $1.848 billion for 2013. The $105 million decline in interest expense for 2014 was due primarily to a decline in the average interest rate.  
 Cash flows from operating activities increased $768 million, from $3.680 billion for 2013 to
$4.448 billion for 2014. The increase in cash flows from operating activities was primarily related to the net impact of an  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    2014 Operations Summary (continued)      
  
increase in net income of $377 million, net positive changes in working capital items of $150 million, a net benefit of $357 million related to gains (losses) on sales of facilities, losses on
retirement of debt and legal claim costs, and a negative impact of $226 million related to income taxes.    Business Strategy  
 We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our
business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda:  
 Grow Our Presence in Existing Markets.  We believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing
markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. We plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and adding
attractive service lines such as cardiology, emergency services, oncology and women’s services. Additional components of our growth strategy include expanding our footprint through developing various outpatient access points, including surgery
centers, rural outreach, freestanding emergency departments and walk-in clinics.    Achieve Industry-Leading
Performance in Clinical and Satisfaction Measures.  Achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of
initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways
to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues and favorably position us in an
environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency.    Recruit
and Employ Physicians to Meet Need for High Quality Health Services.  We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth
strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. We attract and retain physicians by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced
technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities.  
 Continue to Leverage Our Scale and Market Positions to Enhance Profitability.  We believe there is significant
opportunity to continue to grow the profitability of our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our franchise. We are currently pursuing next generation performance improvement initiatives such as contracting for services on a multistate
basis and expanding our support infrastructure for additional clinical and support functions, such as physician credentialing, medical transcription and electronic medical recordkeeping. We believe our centrally managed business processes and
ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We continue to invest in our Parallon subsidiary group to leverage key components of our support infrastructure, including
revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions and are offering these services to other hospital companies.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Business Strategy (continued)      
  Selectively Pursue a Disciplined Development Strategy.  We
continue to believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets. We will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. To complement our in-market growth agenda, we intend
to focus on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities and other health care service providers. We believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national
presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation. We have a strong record of successfully acquiring and integrating hospitals and entering into joint ventures and intend to continue leveraging this
experience.    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements.    Revenues  
 Revenues are recorded during the period the health care services are provided, based upon the estimated amounts due from
payers. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care health plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. Laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject
to interpretation. The estimated reimbursement amounts are made on a payer-specific basis and are recorded based on the best information available regarding management’s interpretation of the applicable laws, regulations and contract terms.
Management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. We have
invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the
utility of our patient accounting systems.    The Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (“EMTALA”)
requires any hospital participating in the Medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an
emergency medical condition, to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility able to handle the condition. The obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an
individual’s ability to pay for treatment. Federal and state laws and regulations, including but not limited to EMTALA, require, and our commitment to providing quality patient care encourages, the provision of services to patients who are
financially unable to pay for the health care services they receive. The Health Reform Law requires health plans to reimburse hospitals for emergency services provided to enrollees without prior authorization and without regard to whether a
participating provider contract is in place. Further, the Health Reform Law contains provisions that seek to decrease the number of uninsured individuals, including  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates (continued)  
 Revenues (continued)      
  
requirements or incentives, most of which became effective on January 1, 2014, for individuals to obtain, and large employers to provide, insurance coverage. These mandates are reducing the
financial impact of screening for and stabilizing emergency medical conditions. However, many factors are continuing to develop regarding the impact of the Health Reform Law, including how many previously uninsured individuals will obtain and
maintain coverage as a result of the law, the change, if any, in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services that are sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals and overall changes in the payer mix.  
 We do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify as charity care; therefore,
they are not reported in revenues. Patients treated at our hospitals for nonelective care, who have income at or below 200% of the federal poverty level, are eligible for charity care. The federal poverty level is established by the federal
government and is based on income and family size. We provide discounts from our gross charges to uninsured patients who do not qualify for Medicaid or charity care. After the discounts are applied, we are still unable to collect a significant
portion of uninsured patients’ accounts, and we record significant provisions for doubtful accounts (based upon our historical collection experience) related to uninsured patients in the period the services are provided.  
 Due to the complexities involved in the classification and documentation of health care services authorized and provided,
the estimation of revenues earned and the related reimbursement are often subject to interpretations that could result in payments that are different from our estimates. Adjustments to estimated Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement amounts and
disproportionate-share funds, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during the respective year were $50 million, $41 million and $50 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The
adjustments to estimated reimbursement amounts, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during previous years were $53 million, $68 million and $242 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. The 2012 amount related to cost reports filed during previous years includes two adjustments to Medicare revenues that affected multiple annual cost report periods for the majority of our hospitals (the Rural Floor Provision Settlement
increased revenues by approximately $271 million and the implementation of revised Supplemental Security Income ratios reduced revenues by approximately $75 million). Excluding the effect of these Medicare adjustments, the 2012 amount related to
previous years would have been $46 million. We expect adjustments during the next 12 months related to Medicare and Medicaid cost report filings and settlements will result in increases to revenues generally similar to the amounts recorded
during 2014 and 2013.    Provision for Doubtful Accounts and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
   The collection of outstanding receivables from Medicare, Medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party
payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. The primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts, including patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the
amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly
from patients. An estimated allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of those accounts. Accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed.
Our collection policies include a review of all accounts against certain standard collection criteria, upon completion of our primary internal collection efforts. Accounts determined to possess positive collectibility attributes are forwarded to a
secondary internal or external collection agency and the other accounts are written off. The accounts that are not collected by the  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates (continued)  
 Provision for Doubtful Accounts and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (continued)  
   
  
secondary collection agency are written off when secondary collection efforts are completed (usually within 12 months). Writeoffs are based upon specific identification and the writeoff
process requires a writeoff adjustment entry to the patient accounting system. We do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients that meet our guidelines to qualify as charity care.  
 The amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s assessment of historical writeoffs and
expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. Management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and
recoveries at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable (the “hindsight analysis”) as a primary source of information in estimating the collectibility of our accounts receivable. We perform the hindsight
analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts receivable collection and writeoff data. We believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations
of our accounts receivable. These routine, quarterly changes in estimates have not resulted in material adjustments to our allowance for doubtful accounts, provision for doubtful accounts or period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations.
At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 91.4%, of the $5.482 billion and 92.6% of the $5.927 billion, respectively, patient due accounts receivable balance. The patient due accounts
receivable balance represents the estimated uninsured portion of our accounts receivable. The estimated uninsured portion of Medicaid pending and uninsured discount pending accounts is included in our patient due accounts receivable balance.
   To quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured accounts, we believe it is beneficial to view
the revenue deductions related to uninsured accounts (charity care and uninsured discounts) and provision for doubtful accounts in combination, rather than each separately. A summary of these amounts for the years ended December 31, follows
(dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Charity care 
    
 $ 
 3,775 
    
    
 $ 
 3,497 
    
    
 $ 
 3,093 
    
 
   Uninsured discounts 
    
   
 8,999 
    
    
   
 8,210 
    
    
   
 6,978 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 3,169 
    
    
   
 3,858 
    
    
   
 3,770 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Totals 
    
 $ 
 15,943 
    
    
 $ 
 15,565 
    
    
 $ 
 13,841 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as
a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care was 30.2% for 2014, 31.3% for 2013 and 29.5% for 2012. We believe the decline from 2013 to 2014 was primarily due to previously uninsured
patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and Medicaid expansion programs.  
 Days revenues in accounts receivable were 54 days, 54 days and 51 days at December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively. Management expects a continuation of the challenges related to the collection of the patient due accounts. Adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient
responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of
accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates (continued)  
 Provision for Doubtful Accounts and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (continued)  
   
  The approximate breakdown of accounts receivable by payer classification
as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 is set forth in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 % of Accounts Receivable 
   
 
   
    
 Under 91 Days 
   
   
 91 — 180 Days 
   
   
 Over 180 Days 
   


 
   Accounts receivable aging at December 31, 2014: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare and Medicaid 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
   Managed care and other insurers 
    
   
 23 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Uninsured 
    
   
 17 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accounts receivable aging at December 31, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare and Medicaid 
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
 
   Managed care and other insurers 
    
   
 21 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Uninsured 
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Professional Liability Claims  
 We, along with virtually all health care providers, operate in an environment with professional liability risks. Our
facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence, subject to a $5 million per occurrence self-insured retention (effective January 1, 2015, the self-insure retention increased
to $15 million per occurrence). The insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of $15 million per occurrence. We purchase excess insurance on a claims-made basis for losses in
excess of $50 million per occurrence. Provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $395 million, $314 million and $331 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
   Reserves for professional liability risks represent the estimated ultimate cost of all reported and
unreported losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. The estimated ultimate cost includes estimates of direct expenses and fees paid to outside counsel and experts, but does not include the general overhead costs of
our insurance subsidiary or corporate office. Individual case reserves are established based upon the particular circumstances of each reported claim and represent our estimates of the future costs that will be paid on reported claims. Case reserves
are reduced as claim payments are made and are adjusted upward or downward as our estimates regarding the amounts of future losses are revised. Once the case reserves for known claims are determined, information is stratified by loss layers and
retentions, accident years, reported years, and geographic location of our hospitals. Several actuarial methods are employed to utilize this data to produce estimates of ultimate losses and reserves for incurred but not reported claims, including:
paid and incurred extrapolation methods utilizing paid and incurred loss development to estimate ultimate losses; frequency and severity methods utilizing paid and incurred claims development to estimate ultimate average frequency (number of claims)
and ultimate average severity (cost per claim); and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods which add expected development to actual paid or incurred experience to estimate ultimate losses. These methods use our company-specific historical claims data and
other information. Company-specific claim reporting and payment data collected over an approximate 20-year period is used in our reserve estimation process. This company-specific  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates (continued)  
 Professional Liability Claims (continued)  
   
  
data includes information regarding our business, including historical paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, historical and current case loss reserves, actual and projected hospital
statistical data, professional liability retentions for each policy year, geographic information and other data.    Reserves and provisions for professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. The estimated reserve ranges, net of amounts receivable under reinsurance contracts, were
$1.229 billion to $1.469 billion at December 31, 2014 and $1.137 billion to $1.359 billion at December 31, 2013. Our estimated reserves for professional liability claims may change significantly if future claims differ
from expected trends. We perform sensitivity analyses which model the volatility of key actuarial assumptions and monitor our reserves for adequacy relative to all our assumptions in the aggregate. Based on our analysis, we believe the estimated
professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses. We consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. A 2% change
in the expected frequency trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $21 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $20 million. A 2% change in the expected claim severity trend could be reasonably likely
and would increase the reserve estimate by $78 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $72 million. We believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the
extended period of time to resolve the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current
estimates.    The reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,700 individual claims and
2,600 individual claims at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and estimates for unreported potential claims. The time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or
litigated. The average time period between the occurrence and final resolution for our professional liability claims is approximately five years, although the facts and circumstances of each individual claim can result in an occurrence-to-resolution
timeframe that varies from this average. The estimation of the timing of payments beyond a year can vary significantly.    Reserves for professional liability risks were $1.407 billion and $1.279 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The current portion of these reserves, $329 million and
$330 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is included in “other accrued expenses.” Obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts are included in the reserves for professional liability risks,
as we remain liable to the extent reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations. Reserves for professional liability risks (net of $25 million and $24 million receivable under reinsurance and excess insurance
contracts at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively) were $1.382 billion and $1.255 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at December 31,
2014 and 2013 are comprised of $746 million and $710 million, respectively, of case reserves for known claims and $636 million and $545 million, respectively, of reserves for incurred but not reported claims.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates (continued)  
 Professional Liability Claims (continued)  
   
  Changes in our professional liability reserves, net of reinsurance
recoverable, for the years ended December 31, are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Net reserves for professional liability claims, January 1 
    
 $ 
 1,255 
    
    
 $ 
 1,248 
    
   
 $ 
 1,252 
    
 
   Provision for current year claims 
    
   
 359 
    
    
   
 343 
    
   
   
 324 
    
 
   Unfavorable (favorable) development related to prior years’ claims 
    
   
 36 
    
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 7 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total provision 
    
   
 395 
    
    
   
 314 
    
   
   
 331 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Payments for current year claims 
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Payments for prior years’ claims 
    
   
 255 
    
    
   
 300 
    
   
   
 329 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total claim payments 
    
   
 268 
    
    
   
 307 
    
   
   
 335 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net reserves for professional liability claims, December 31 
    
 $ 
 1,382 
    
    
 $ 
 1,255 
    
   
 $ 
 1,248 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Income Taxes  
 We calculate our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences that arise from the recognition of items in different periods for tax and accounting purposes. Deferred tax assets generally represent the tax effects of amounts expensed in our
income statement for which tax deductions will be claimed in future periods.    Although we believe we have
properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws, federal, state or international taxing authorities may challenge our tax positions upon audit. Significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the
impact of uncertain tax positions. We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our income tax return. During each reporting period, we assess the facts and circumstances related
to uncertain tax positions. If the realization of unrecognized tax benefits is deemed probable based upon new facts and circumstances, the estimated liability and the provision for income taxes are reduced in the current period. Final audit results
may vary from our estimates.    Results of Operations  
 Revenue/Volume Trends    Our revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charge and
negotiated payment rates for such services. Gross charges typically do not reflect what our facilities are actually paid. Our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health
plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from gross charges. We do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our
guidelines to qualify for charity care; therefore, they are not reported in revenues. We provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for Medicaid or charity care.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Revenue/Volume
Trends (continued)      
  Revenues increased 8.0% to $36.918 billion for 2014 from
$34.182 billion for 2013 and increased 3.5% for 2013 from $33.013 billion for 2012. The increase in revenues in 2014 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.0%
increase in equivalent admissions compared to the prior year. The increase in revenues in 2013 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.1% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 0.4% increase in equivalent admissions
compared to 2012. We recorded $142 million of Medicaid revenues during the second quarter of 2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program for the
program year ended September 30, 2013. We recorded $94 million of Medicare revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the estimated settlement amount for certain claims denied by Recovery Audit Contractor (“RAC”) entities conducting
reviews on behalf of CMS and pending in the appeals process. CMS offered an administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to
certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. All revenue amounts and revenue-related statistics for the year ended December 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.  
 Same facility revenues increased 6.9% for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2013 and increased 3.1% for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The 6.9% increase for 2014 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility
revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions. The 3.1% increase for 2013 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 3.0% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a
0.1% increase in same facility equivalent admissions.    Consolidated admissions increased 2.9% in 2014 compared
to 2013 and increased 0.2% in 2013 compared to 2012. Consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 2.0% and consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 1.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. Consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 0.5% and consolidated
outpatient surgeries increased 0.9% during 2013 compared to 2012. Consolidated emergency room visits increased 6.9% during 2014 compared to 2013 and increased 0.8% during 2013 compared to 2012.  
 Same facility admissions increased 2.1% in 2014 compared to 2013 and increased 0.1% in 2013 compared to 2012. Same
facility inpatient surgeries increased 1.3% and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 0.1% during 2014 compared to 2013. Same facility inpatient surgeries increased 0.3% and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 0.5% during 2013 compared
to 2012. Same facility emergency room visits increased 5.8% during 2014 compared to 2013 and increased 0.7% during 2013 compared to 2012.    Same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.6% and same facility uninsured admissions declined 9.4% during 2014 compared to 2013. We believe these declines were primarily due to previously
uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and Medicaid expansion programs. Same facility uninsured emergency room visits increased 2.2% and same facility uninsured admissions increased 7.6% during 2013
compared to 2012.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Revenue/Volume
Trends (continued)      
  The approximate percentages of our admissions related to Medicare,
managed Medicare, Medicaid, managed Medicaid, managed care and other insurers, and the uninsured for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are set forth below.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Medicare 
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   Managed Medicare 
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Medicaid 
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Managed Medicaid 
    
   
 10 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
   Managed care and other insurers 
    
   
 30 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 30 
    
 
   Uninsured 
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The approximate percentages of our inpatient revenues, before provision for doubtful
accounts, related to Medicare, managed Medicare, Medicaid, managed Medicaid, managed care plans and other insurers, and the uninsured for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are set forth below.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Medicare 
    
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
   Managed Medicare 
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Medicaid 
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Managed Medicaid 
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Managed care and other insurers 
    
   
 47 
    
   
   
 46 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   Uninsured 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   We believe the decline in inpatient revenues related to the uninsured is primarily due to
the combination of increases in discounts provided to the uninsured and previously uninsured patients obtaining medical coverage through the health insurance exchanges and Medicaid expansion programs.  
 At December 31, 2014, we owned and operated 42 hospitals and 31 surgery centers in the state of Florida. Our Florida
facilities’ revenues totaled $8.336 billion, $7.545 billion and $7.336 billion for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. At December 31, 2014, we owned and operated 36 hospitals and 25 surgery
centers in the state of Texas. Our Texas facilities’ revenues totaled $8.706 billion, $8.192 billion and $8.012 billion for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. During 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively, 56%, 55% and 55% of our admissions and 46%, 46% and 47% of our revenues were generated by our Florida and Texas facilities. Uninsured admissions in Florida and Texas represented 66%, 62% and 61% of our uninsured admissions during 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively.    We receive a significant portion of our revenues from government health
programs, principally Medicare and Medicaid, which are highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. In 2011, the Centers  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Revenue/Volume
Trends (continued)      
  
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) approved a Medicaid waiver that allows Texas to continue receiving supplemental Medicaid reimbursement while expanding its Medicaid
managed care program. Thus, Texas is operating pursuant to a Waiver Program. The Texas Waiver Program includes two primary components: the continuation of an indigent care component and the establishment of a Delivery System Reform Incentive Payment
(“DSRIP”) component. Initiatives under the DSRIP program are designed to provide incentive payments to hospitals and other providers for their investments in delivery system reforms that increase access to health care, improve the quality
of care and enhance the health of patients and families they serve. We provide indigent care services in several communities in the state of Texas, in affiliation with other hospitals. The state of Texas has been involved in efforts to increase the
indigent care provided by private hospitals. As a result of additional indigent care being provided by private hospitals, public hospital districts or counties in Texas have available funds that were previously devoted to indigent care. The public
hospital districts or counties are under no contractual or legal obligation to provide such indigent care. The public hospital districts or counties have elected to transfer some portion of these available funds to the state’s Medicaid program.
Such action is at the sole discretion of the public hospital districts or counties. It is anticipated that these contributions to the state will be matched with federal Medicaid funds. The state then may make supplemental payments to hospitals in
the state for Medicaid services rendered. Hospitals receiving Medicaid supplemental payments may include those that are providing additional indigent care services. Our Texas Medicaid revenues included $472 million ($81 million DSRIP related
and $391 million indigent care related), $393 million ($76 million DSRIP related and $317 million indigent care related) and $387 million (all indigent care related) during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, of Medicaid supplemental
payments.    In the second quarter of 2014, we recorded $142 million of Medicaid revenues related to the receipt
of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program for the program year ended September 30, 2013. On October 1, 2014, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission
(“THHSC”) issued a notice to hospitals participating in the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program indicating that a review conducted by CMS identified certain local government/hospital affiliations it believes may be inconsistent with the waiver.
In addition, CMS notified THHSC that it would defer the federal portion of the Medicaid payments associated with the affiliations while it completes the review. During the third quarter of 2014, we recorded a reduction of $68 million to Medicaid
revenues related to the CMS review and deferral of the federal portion of the Medicaid payments, and we ceased recognizing the estimated Medicaid revenues related to certain components of the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program. CMS announced on
January 7, 2015 that the payment deferral has been released, but the review is continuing. During the fourth quarter of 2014, due to the updated information and the receipt of a program payment during December, we reversed the $68 million
reduction to Medicaid revenues recorded in the third quarter. We continue the nonrecognition of Medicaid revenues related to certain components of the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program.  
 In addition, we receive supplemental payments in several other states. We are aware these supplemental payment programs
are currently being reviewed by certain state agencies and some states have made waiver requests to the CMS to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. It is possible these reviews and waiver requests will result in the restructuring of
such supplemental payment programs and could result in the payment programs being reduced or eliminated. Because deliberations about these programs are ongoing, we are unable to estimate the financial impact the program structure modifications, if
any, may have on our results of operations.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)      
  Electronic Health Record Incentive Payments  
 The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides for Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments, beginning in
2011, for eligible hospitals and professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified electronic health record (“EHR”) technology. We recognize income related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model
that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the
incentive payment is available.    During 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, we recognized $125 million, $216
million and $336 million of electronic health record incentive income related to Medicare ($118 million, $183 million and $252 million) and Medicaid ($7 million, $33 million and $84 million) incentive programs. At December 31, 2014, we
have $39 million of deferred EHR incentive income, which represents initial incentive payments received for which EHR incentive income has not been recognized.    We have incurred and will continue to incur both capital costs and operating expenses in order to implement our certified EHR technology and meet meaningful use requirements. These expenses are ongoing
and are projected to continue over all stages of implementation of meaningful use. The timing of recognizing the expenses may not correlate with the receipt of the incentive payments and the recognition of incentive income. During 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively, we incurred $112 million, $113 million and $80 million of operating expenses to implement our certified EHR technology and meet meaningful use.  
 For 2015, we estimate EHR incentive income will be recognized in the range of $40 million to $50 million and that related
EHR operating expenses will be in the range of $30 million to $40 million. Actual incentive payments and EHR operating expenses could vary from these estimates due to certain factors such as availability of federal funding for both Medicare and
Medicaid incentive payments and our ability to continue to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology. The failure of our ability to continue to demonstrate meaningful use of EHR technology could have a material, adverse effect on our
results of operations.  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)      
  Operating Results Summary  
 The following are comparative summaries of operating results for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012
(dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Ratio 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Ratio 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Ratio 
   


 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 40,087 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 38,040 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 36,783 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 3,169 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,858 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,770 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues 
    
   
 36,918 
    
   
   
 100.0 
    
   
   
 34,182 
    
   
   
 100.0 
    
   
   
 33,013 
    
   
   
 100.0 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and benefits 
    
   
 16,641 
    
   
   
 45.1 
    
   
   
 15,646 
    
   
   
 45.8 
    
   
   
 15,089 
    
   
   
 45.7 
    
 
   Supplies 
    
   
 6,262 
    
   
   
 17.0 
    
   
   
 5,970 
    
   
   
 17.5 
    
   
   
 5,717 
    
   
   
 17.3 
    
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 6,755 
    
   
   
 18.2 
    
   
   
 6,237 
    
   
   
 18.2 
    
   
   
 6,048 
    
   
   
 18.3 
    
 
   Electronic health record incentive income 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (0.3 
 )  
   
   
 (216 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (336 
 )  
   
   
 (1.0 
 )  
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
    
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,820 
    
   
   
 5.0 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
   
   
 5.1 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
   
   
 5.1 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 1,743 
    
   
   
 4.7 
    
   
   
 1,848 
    
   
   
 5.4 
    
   
   
 1,798 
    
   
   
 5.4 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
    
   
 335 
    
   
   
 0.9 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 0.1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
    
   
 78 
    
   
   
 0.2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
   
   
 0.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 33,437 
    
   
   
 90.6 
    
   
   
 31,236 
    
   
   
 91.4 
    
   
   
 30,119 
    
   
   
 91.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 9.4 
    
   
   
 2,946 
    
   
   
 8.6 
    
   
   
 2,894 
    
   
   
 8.8 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 1,108 
    
   
   
 3.0 
    
   
   
 950 
    
   
   
 2.8 
    
   
   
 888 
    
   
   
 2.7 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 2,373 
    
   
   
 6.4 
    
   
   
 1,996 
    
   
   
 5.8 
    
   
   
 2,006 
    
   
   
 6.1 
    
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 498 
    
   
   
 1.3 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 1.2 
    
   
   
 401 
    
   
   
 1.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1,875 
    
   
   
 5.1 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556 
    
   
   
 4.6 
    
   
 $ 
 1,605 
    
   
   
 4.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   % changes from prior year: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues 
    
   
 8.0 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.5 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 11.2 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 18.2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.8 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (18.7 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
   
 20.5 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (3.1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (34.9 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Admissions(a) 
    
   
 2.9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7.4 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Equivalent admissions(b) 
    
   
 4.0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.4 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9.1 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue per equivalent admission 
    
   
 3.8 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2.0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Same facility % changes from prior year(c): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues 
    
   
 6.9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4.5 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Admissions(a) 
    
   
 2.1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Equivalent admissions(b) 
    
   
 2.9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4.1 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue per equivalent admission 
    
   
 3.9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Equivalent admissions are used by management and certain investors as a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume. Equivalent admissions are computed
by multiplying admissions (inpatient volume) by the sum of gross inpatient revenue and gross outpatient revenue and then dividing the resulting amount by gross inpatient revenue. The equivalent admissions computation “equates” outpatient
revenue to the volume measure (admissions) used to measure inpatient volume, resulting in a general measure of combined inpatient and outpatient volume.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Same facility information excludes the operations of hospitals and their related facilities that were either acquired, divested or removed from service during the
current and prior year.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)      
  Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013  
 Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. totaled $1.875 billion, or $4.16 per diluted share, for the year ended
December 31, 2014 compared to $1.556 billion, or $3.37 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2013. Financial results for 2014 include net gains on sales of facilities of $29 million, or $0.04 per diluted share,
losses on retirement of debt of $335 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, and legal claim costs of $78 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. Financial results for 2013 include net losses on sales of facilities of $10 million, or $0.02 per
diluted share, and a loss on retirement of debt of $17 million, or $0.02 per diluted share. All “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. Shares used for diluted earnings per share were
450.352 million shares and 461.913 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. During 2014, we repurchased 28.583 million shares of our common stock.  
 During 2014, consolidated admissions increased 2.9% and same facility admissions increased 2.1% compared to 2013.
Consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 2.0%, and same facility inpatient surgeries increased 1.3% during 2014 compared to 2013. Consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 1.1%, and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 0.1% during 2014
compared to 2013. Emergency room visits increased 6.9% on a consolidated basis and increased 5.8% on a same facility basis during 2014 compared to 2013.    Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts increased 5.4% to $40.087 billion for 2014 from $38.040 billion for 2013. The provision for doubtful accounts declined $689 million from $3.858 billion
in 2013 to $3.169 billion in 2014. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health
care coverage. The self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and uninsured discounts increased $278 million and $789 billion, respectively, during 2014 compared to 2013. The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and
charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 30.2% for 2014 compared to 31.3% for 2013. At December 31, 2014, our allowance for doubtful accounts
represented approximately 91.4% of the $5.482 billion total patient due accounts receivable balance, including accounts, net of estimated contractual discounts, related to patients for which eligibility for Medicaid coverage or uninsured
discounts was being evaluated.    Revenues increased 8.0% to $36.918 billion for 2014 from
$34.182 billion for 2013. The increase in revenues was due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 4.0% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2013. Same facility revenues increased
6.9% due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.9% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 2.9% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2013. We recorded $142 million of Medicaid revenues during the
second quarter of 2014 related to the receipt of reimbursements in excess of our estimates for the indigent care component of the Texas Medicaid Waiver Program for the program year ended September 30, 2013. We recorded $94 million of Medicare
revenues during the third quarter of 2014 as the estimated settlement amount for certain claims denied by Recovery Audit Contractor (“RAC”) entities conducting reviews on behalf of CMS and pending in the appeals process. CMS offered an
administrative agreement to providers willing to withdraw their pending appeals in exchange for a timely partial payment (generally, 68% of the claim amount, subject to certain adjustments), which we accepted during 2014. All revenue amounts and
revenue-related statistics for the year ended December 31, 2014 include the impact of these two items that resulted in increases to revenues.    Salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.1% in 2014 and 45.8% in 2013. Salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 2.3% in 2014 compared to 2013. Same facility labor rate
increases  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Years Ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 (continued)      
  
averaged 2.3% for 2014 compared to 2013. Share-based compensation expense increased from $113 million in 2013 to $163 million in 2014, and we expect the 2015 expense will increase by
approximately $60 million.    Supplies, as a percentage of revenues, were 17.0% in 2014 and 17.5% in 2013.
Supply costs per equivalent admission increased 0.9% in 2014 compared to 2013. Supply costs per equivalent admission increased 1.4% for medical devices, 2.7% for pharmacy supplies and 0.4% for general medical and surgical items in 2014 compared to
2013.    Other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, was 18.2% in both 2014 and 2013. Other operating
expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. Provisions for losses related to professional
liability risks were $395 million and $314 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively.    During 2014 and
2013, respectively, we recognized $125 million and $216 million of electronic health record incentive income related to Medicare ($118 million and $183 million) and Medicaid ($7 million and $33 million) incentive programs. We recognize
income related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period and the cost report
information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.    Equity in earnings of affiliates increased from $29 million for 2013 to $43 million for 2014.    Depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of revenues, was 5.0% in 2014 and 5.1% in 2013. Depreciation expense was $1.798 billion for 2014 and $1.733 billion for 2013.  
 Interest expense declined to $1.743 billion for 2014 from $1.848 billion for 2013. The decline in interest expense
was due to a decline in the average interest rate. Our average debt balance was $28.762 billion for 2014 compared to $28.377 billion for 2013. The average interest rate for our long-term debt declined from 6.5% for 2013 to 6.1% for 2014.
   Net gains on sales of facilities were $29 million for 2014 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and
sales of real estate and other investments. Net losses on sales of facilities were $10 million for 2013 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments.  
 During 2014, we redeemed all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 8 1 / 2 % senior secured notes due 2019, all $1.250 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 7 7 / 8 % senior secured notes due 2020, and all $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 7 1 / 4 % senior secured notes due 2020. The pretax losses on retirement of debt related to these redemptions were $335 million.
During 2013, we redeemed all $201 million aggregate principal amount of our 9 7 / 8 % senior
secured second lien notes due 2017. The pretax loss on retirement of debt related to this redemption was $17 million.    We recorded $78 million of legal claim costs during 2014 to increase the estimate of our legal liability with respect to a previously disclosed lawsuit alleging we did not make the full level of capital
expenditures and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with the purchase of the hospitals from Health Midwest in 2003.  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Years Ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 (continued)      
  The effective tax rate was 37.2% and 37.9% for 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships.    Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased from $440 million for 2013 to $498 million for 2014. The increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests related
primarily to growth in operating results of hospital joint ventures in two of our Texas markets and our group purchasing organization.    Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012    Net income
attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. totaled $1.556 billion, or $3.37 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to $1.605 billion, or $3.49 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2012. Financial
results for 2013 include net losses on sales of facilities of $10 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, and a loss on retirement of debt of $17 million, or $0.02 per diluted share. Financial results for 2012 include legal claim costs of $175
million, or $0.24 per diluted share, and net gains on sales of facilities of $15 million, or $0.02 per diluted share. All “per diluted share” disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. Shares used for
diluted earnings per share were 461.913 million shares and 459.403 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    During 2013, consolidated admissions increased 0.2% and same facility admissions increased 0.1% for 2013 compared to 2012. Consolidated inpatient surgeries increased 0.5%, and same facility inpatient
surgeries increased 0.3% during 2013 compared to 2012. Consolidated outpatient surgeries increased 0.9%, and same facility outpatient surgeries declined 0.5% during 2013 compared to 2012. Emergency room visits increased 0.8% on a consolidated basis
and increased 0.7% on a same facility basis during 2013 compared to 2012.    Revenues before provision for
doubtful accounts increased 3.4% to $38.040 billion for 2013 from $36.783 billion for 2012. The provision for doubtful accounts increased $88 million from $3.770 billion in 2012 to $3.858 billion in 2013. The provision for doubtful accounts and
the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. The self-pay revenue deductions for charity care and
uninsured discounts increased $404 million and $1.232 billion, respectively, during 2013 compared to 2012. The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, the provision
for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, was 31.3% for 2013 compared to 29.5% for 2012. At December 31, 2013, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented 92.6% of the $5.927 billion total patient due accounts
receivable balance, including accounts, net of estimated contractual discounts, related to patients for which eligibility for Medicaid coverage or uninsured discounts was being evaluated.  
 Revenues increased 3.5% to $34.182 billion for 2013 from $33.013 billion for 2012. The increase in revenues was
due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.1% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 0.4% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2012. Same facility revenues increased 3.1% due primarily to the combined impact of a 3.0% increase
in same facility revenue per equivalent admission and a 0.1% increase in same facility equivalent admissions compared to 2012.    Salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.8% in 2013 and 45.7% in 2012. Salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 3.2% in 2013 compared to 2012. Same facility labor rate
increases averaged 1.8% for 2013 compared to 2012. Share-based compensation expense increased from $56 million in 2012 to $113 million in 2013.  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Years Ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012 (continued)      
  Supplies, as a percentage of revenues, were 17.5% in 2013 and 17.3% in
2012. Supply costs per equivalent admission increased 4.0% in 2013 compared to 2012. Supply costs per equivalent admission increased 5.7% for medical devices, increased 0.3% for pharmacy supplies and 5.1% for general medical and surgical items in
2013 compared to 2012.    Other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, declined to 18.2% in 2013 from
18.3% in 2012. Other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. Provisions for
losses related to professional liability risks were $314 million and $331 million for 2013 and 2012, respectively.    During 2013 and 2012, respectively, we recognized $216 million and $336 million of electronic health record incentive income related to Medicare ($183 million and $252 million) and Medicaid ($33
million and $84 million) incentive programs. We recognize income related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified EHR
technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.  
 Equity in earnings of affiliates declined from $36 million for 2012 to $29 million for 2013.  
 Depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of revenues, was 5.1% in 2013 and 2012. Depreciation expense was
$1.733 billion for 2013 and $1.673 billion for 2012.    Interest expense increased to $1.848 billion
for 2013 from $1.798 billion for 2012. The increase in interest expense was due to an increase in the average debt balance. Our average debt balance was $28.377 billion for 2013 compared to $27.397 billion for 2012. The average
interest rate for our long-term debt declined from 6.6% for 2012 to 6.5% for 2013.    Net losses on sales of
facilities were $10 million for 2013 and related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. Net gains on sales of facilities were $15 million for 2012 and related to sales of health care entity
investments.    During 2013, we redeemed all $201 million aggregate principal amount of our
9  7 / 8 % senior secured second lien notes due 2017, at a redemption price of
104.938% of the principal amount. The pretax loss on retirement of debt related to this redemption was $17 million.    During January 2013, a Missouri judge ruled in favor of a nonprofit health foundation in a lawsuit against HCA. In the case, the plaintiff alleged HCA did not make the full level of capital expenditures
and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with its purchase of hospitals from Health Midwest in 2003. We recorded $175 million of legal claim costs during the fourth quarter of 2012 related to this ruling.  
 The effective tax rate was 37.9% and 35.6% for 2013 and 2012, respectively. The effective tax rate computations exclude
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships. Our provision for income taxes for 2012 was reduced by $33 million related to a reduction in interest expense related to taxing authority examinations.
Excluding the effect of this adjustment, the effective tax rate for 2012 would have been 36.9%.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Results of Operations (continued)    Years Ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012 (continued)      
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased from
$401 million for 2012 to $440 million for 2013. The increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests related primarily to growth in operating results of a hospital joint venture in one of our Texas markets.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    Our primary cash requirements are paying our operating expenses, servicing our debt, capital expenditures on our existing properties, acquisitions of hospitals and other health care entities, repurchases
of our common stock, distributions to stockholders and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Our primary cash sources are cash flows from operating activities, issuances of debt and equity securities and dispositions of hospitals and other
health care entities.    Cash provided by operating activities totaled $4.448 billion in 2014 compared to
$3.680 billion in 2013 and $4.175 billion in 2012. Working capital totaled $3.450 billion at December 31, 2014 and $2.342 billion at December 31, 2013. The $768 million increase in cash provided by operating
activities for 2014, compared to 2013, was primarily related to the net impact of an increase in net income of $377 million, net positive changes in working capital items of $150 million, a net benefit of $357 million related to gains (losses) on
sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and legal claim costs, and a negative impact of $226 million related to income taxes. The $495 million decline in cash provided by operating activities for 2013, compared to 2012, was primarily
related to net negative changes in working capital items of $521 million. Cash payments for interest and income taxes increased $289 million for 2014 compared to 2013 and increased $185 million for 2013 compared to 2012.  
 Cash used in investing activities was $2.918 billion, $2.346 billion and $2.063 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Excluding acquisitions, capital expenditures were $2.176 billion in 2014, $1.943 billion in 2013 and $1.862 billion in 2012. We expended $766 million, $481 million and $258 million for acquisitions of hospitals and
health care entities during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Planned capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.4 billion in 2015. At December 31, 2014, there were projects under construction which had an estimated additional
cost to complete and equip over the next five years of approximately $1.9 billion. We expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds.  
 During 2014, we received cash of $51 million from sales of real estate and other investments. We also expended cash of
$37 million related to net changes in our investments. During 2013, we received cash of $33 million from sales of a hospital, real estate and other investments. We also received net cash proceeds of $36 million related to net changes in our
investments. During 2012, we received cash of $30 million from sales of real estate and other investments. We also received net cash proceeds of $16 million related to net changes in our investments.  
 Cash used in financing activities totaled $1.378 billion in 2014, $1.625 billion in 2013 and $1.780 billion in 2012.
During 2014, we had a net increase of $778 million in our indebtedness and used cash of $1.750 billion for repurchases of common stock. During 2013, we had a decline of $692 million in our indebtedness and used cash of $500 million for repurchases
of common stock. During 2012, we had a net increase of $1.724 billion in our indebtedness. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we paid $7 million, $16 million and $3.148 billion, respectively, in distributions to our stockholders. During 2014, 2013 and
2012, we made distributions to noncontrolling interests of $442 million, $435 million and $401 million, respectively. We paid debt issuance costs of $73 million, $5 million and $62 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we received  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Liquidity and Capital Resources (continued)      
  
income tax benefits of $134 million, $113 million and $174 million, respectively, for certain items (primarily the cash distributions to holders of our stock options and exercises of stock
options) that were deductible expenses for tax purposes, but were recognized as adjustments to stockholders’ deficit for financial reporting purposes. We, or our affiliates, may in the future repurchase portions of our debt or equity
securities, subject to certain limitations, from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable SEC and other legal requirements. The timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend
upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws. Funds for the repurchase of debt or equity securities have, and are expected to, come primarily from cash generated from
operations and borrowed funds.    In addition to cash flows from operations, available sources of capital
include amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities ($2.112 billion as of December 31, 2014 and $2.488 billion as of January 31, 2015) and anticipated access to public and private debt and equity markets.
These amounts reflect the October 2014 amendment to our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, which increased the revolving credit commitments by $750 million.  
 During 2012, our Board of Directors declared three distributions to our stockholders and holders of certain vested
share-based awards. The distributions totaled $6.50 per share and vested share-based award, or $3.142 billion in the aggregate. There were no distributions declared during 2014 or 2013.  
 Investments of our professional liability insurance subsidiaries, to maintain statutory equity and pay claims, totaled
$558 million and $510 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The insurance subsidiary maintained net reserves for professional liability risks of $347 million and $315 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. Our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence; however, this coverage is subject to a $5 million per occurrence self-insured retention (effective January 1,
2015, this coverage is subject to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention). Net reserves for the self-insured professional liability risks retained were $1.035 billion and $940 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. Claims payments, net of reinsurance recoveries, during the next 12 months are expected to approximate $317 million. We estimate that approximately $253 million of the expected net claim payments during the next
12 months will relate to claims subject to the self-insured retention.    Financing Activities
   We are a highly leveraged company with significant debt service requirements. Our debt totaled
$29.645 billion and $28.376 billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Our interest expense was $1.743 billion for 2014 and $1.848 billion for 2013.  
 During March 2013, we redeemed all $201 million aggregate principal amount of our 9  7 / 8 % senior secured second lien notes due 2017, at a redemption price of 104.938% of the principal amount. The pretax loss on
retirement of debt related to this redemption was $17 million.    During November 2013, our $329 million senior
secured European term loan facility matured.    During March 2014, we issued $3.500 billion aggregate
principal amount of notes, comprised of $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes due 2019 and $2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes due 2024 and repaid at maturity all $500 million
aggregate principal  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Liquidity and Capital Resources (continued)  
 Financing Activities (continued)  
   
  
amount of our outstanding 5.75% senior unsecured notes. During April 2014, we used proceeds from the March 2014 debt issuance to redeem all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our
outstanding 8 1 / 2 % senior secured notes due 2019 and all $1.250 billion aggregate
principal amount of our outstanding 7 7 / 8 % senior secured notes due 2020. The pretax loss on retirement of debt
related to these redemptions was $226 million.    During October 2014, we issued $2.000
billion aggregate principal amount of notes, comprised of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior secured notes due 2019 and $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior secured notes due 2025. During November 2014, we
used a portion of the proceeds from the October 2014 debt issuance to redeem all $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 7 1 / 4 % senior secured notes due 2020. The pretax loss on retirement of debt related to this redemption was $109 million.
   During January 2015, we issued $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of notes 5.375% senior notes due
2025. We used a portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior notes due 2015.    Management believes that cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet
expected liquidity needs during the next twelve months.  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)      
  Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 As of December 31, 2014, maturities of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments are presented in the
table below (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments Due by Period 
   
 
   Contractual Obligations(a) 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Current 
   
    
 2-3 Years 
   
    
 4-5 Years 
   
    
 After 5 Years 
   


 
   Long-term debt including interest, excluding the senior secured credit facilities(b) 
    
 $ 
 31,204 
    
    
 $ 
 2,280 
    
    
 $ 
 3,577 
    
    
 $ 
 4,952 
    
    
 $ 
 20,395 
    
 
   Loans outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities, including interest(b) 
    
   
 9,356 
    
    
   
 440 
    
    
   
 3,667 
    
    
   
 5,249 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Operating leases(c) 
    
   
 1,951 
    
    
   
 273 
    
    
   
 467 
    
    
   
 296 
    
    
   
 915 
    
 
   Purchase and other obligations(c) 
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total contractual obligations 
    
 $ 
 42,535 
    
    
 $ 
 3,010 
    
    
 $ 
 7,718 
    
    
 $ 
 10,497 
    
    
 $ 
 21,310 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Commitment Expiration by Period 
   
 
   Other Commercial Commitments Not Recorded on the 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Current 
   
    
 2-3 Years 
   
    
 4-5 Years 
   
    
 After 5 Years 
   
 
   Surety bonds(d) 
    
 $ 
 51 
    
    
 $ 
 45 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Letters of credit(e) 
    
   
 56 
    
    
   
 45 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Physician commitments(f) 
    
   
 30 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial commitments 
    
 $ 
 137 
    
    
 $ 
 112 
    
    
 $ 
 25 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 We have not included obligations to pay net estimated professional liability claims ($1.382 billion at December 31, 2014, including net reserves of
$347 million relating to the 100% owned insurance subsidiary) in this table. The estimated professional liability claims, which occurred prior to 2007, are expected to be funded by the designated investment securities that are restricted for
this purpose ($558 million at December 31, 2014). We also have not included obligations related to unrecognized tax benefits of $548 million at December 31, 2014, as we cannot reasonably estimate the timing or amounts of cash
payments, if any, at this time.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Estimates of interest payments assume that interest rates and borrowing spreads at December 31, 2014, remain constant during the period presented.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 Amounts relate to future operating lease obligations, purchase obligations and other obligations and are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. Amounts also
include physician commitments that are recorded in our consolidated balance sheet.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Amounts relate primarily to instances in which we have agreed to indemnify various commercial insurers who have provided surety bonds to cover self-insured
workers’ compensation claims, utility and construction deposits and damages for malpractice cases which were awarded to plaintiffs by the courts. These cases are currently under appeal and the bonds will not be released by the courts until the
cases are closed.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Amounts relate primarily to various insurance programs and employee benefit plan obligations for which we have letters of credit outstanding.  
 
 
 (f) 
 In consideration for physicians relocating to the communities in which our hospitals are located and agreeing to engage in private practice for the benefit of the
respective communities, we make advances to physicians, normally over a period of one year, to assist in establishing the physicians’ practices. The actual amount of these commitments to be advanced often depends upon the financial results of
the physicians’ private practice during the recruitment agreement payment period. The physician commitments reflected were based on our maximum exposure on effective agreements at December 31, 2014.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)      
  Market Risk  
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. The investments in debt and equity
securities of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were $555 million and $3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2014. These investments are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as
adjustments to other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2014, we had a net unrealized gain of $19 million on the insurance subsidiaries’ investment securities.  
 We are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. Investments in debt and equity securities of our 100% owned
insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. Should the 100% owned insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short
notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. We may be required to recognize other-than-temporary
impairments on our investment securities in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue-specific factors.  
 We are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate
swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. Our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. The
notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. Our credit risk related to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with
creditworthy financial institutions. The interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. These derivatives have been recognized in the financial statements at their respective fair values. Changes in the fair value of these
derivatives, which are designated as cash flow hedges, are included in other comprehensive income.    With
respect to our interest-bearing liabilities, approximately $4.399 billion of long-term debt at December 31, 2014 was subject to variable rates of interest, while the remaining balance in long-term debt of $25.246 billion at
December 31, 2014 was subject to fixed rates of interest. Both the general level of interest rates and, for the senior secured credit facilities, our leverage affect our variable interest rates. Our variable debt is comprised primarily of
amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. Borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to
the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (2) the prime rate of Bank of America or (b) a LIBOR rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period. The applicable margin for borrowings under the
senior secured credit facilities may fluctuate according to a leverage ratio. The average effective interest rate for our long-term debt declined from 6.5% for 2013 to 6.1% for 2014.  
 The estimated fair value of our total long-term debt was $30.861 billion at December 31, 2014. The estimates of fair
value are based upon the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities. Based on a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates, the potential annualized reduction to future pretax earnings would be
approximately $44 million. To mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates, we generally target a portion of our debt portfolio to be maintained at fixed rates.  
 Our international operations and the related market risks associated with foreign currencies are currently insignificant
to our results of operations and financial position.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued)    Market Risk (continued)      
  Financial Instruments  
 Derivative financial instruments are employed to manage risks, including interest rate exposures, and are not used for
trading or speculative purposes. We recognize derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized periodically either in earnings or
in stockholders’ equity, as a component of other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, and if so, whether it qualifies as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. Gains
and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, to the extent they are effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income, and subsequently reclassified to earnings to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur.  
 The net interest paid or received on interest rate swaps is recognized as interest expense. Gains and losses resulting
from the early termination of interest rate swap agreements are deferred and amortized as adjustments to expense over the remaining period of the debt originally covered by the terminated swap.  
 Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices    Various federal, state and local laws have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our ability to increase prices. Revenues for general, acute care hospital services rendered to Medicare patients are
established under the federal government’s prospective payment system. Total fee-for-service Medicare revenues were 22.6%, 23.3% and 25.1% of our revenues for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 Management believes hospital industry operating margins have been, and may continue to be, under significant pressure
because of changes in payer and service mix and growth in operating expenses in excess of the increase in prospective payments under the Medicare program. In addition, as a result of increasing regulatory and competitive pressures, our ability to
maintain operating margins through price increases to non-Medicare patients is limited.    Tax Examinations  
 The IRS Examination Division began an audit of HCA Holdings, Inc.’s 2011 and 2012 federal income tax returns during
2014. We are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities.    Management believes HCA
Holdings, Inc., its predecessors and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the IRS, state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes
will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our
results of operations or financial position.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7A.     Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk      Information with respect to this Item is provided
under the caption “Market Risk” under Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”    Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
 Information with respect to this Item is contained in our consolidated financial statements indicated in the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements on Page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K.  
 Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure      None.  
 Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures    
 1. Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.  
 2. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 (a) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective, can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.    Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control — Integrated
Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014.    Ernst & Young, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued a report on our internal
control over financial reporting, which is included herein.  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  (b) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders    HCA Holdings, Inc.    We have audited HCA Holdings, Inc.’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) (the “COSO criteria”). HCA Holdings, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
   In our opinion, HCA Holdings, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the COSO criteria.    We also have audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of HCA Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 and our report dated February 26, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    Nashville, Tennessee    February 26, 2015  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 During the fourth quarter of 2014, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.    
 Item 9B.     Other Information     None.  
 PART III    Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
 The information required by this Item regarding the identity and business experience of our directors and executive
officers is set forth under the heading “Election of Directors” in the definitive proxy materials of HCA to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with respect to our directors and is set forth in Item 1
of Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K with respect to our executive officers. The information required by this Item contained in such definitive proxy materials is incorporated herein by reference.  
 Information on the beneficial ownership reporting for our directors and executive officers required by this Item is
contained under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
   Information on our Audit and Compliance Committee and Audit Committee Financial Experts required by this Item
is contained under the caption “Corporate Governance” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 We have a Code of Conduct which is applicable to all our directors, officers and employees (the “Code of
Conduct”). The Code of Conduct is available on the Ethics and Compliance and Corporate Governance pages of our website at www.hcahealthcare.com. To the extent required pursuant to applicable SEC regulations, we intend to post amendments to or
waivers from our Code of Conduct (to the extent applicable to our chief executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer) at this location on our website or report the same on a Current Report on Form 8-K. Our Code
of Conduct is available free of charge upon request to our Corporate Secretary, HCA Holdings, Inc., One Park Plaza, Nashville, TN 37203.    Item 11.     Executive Compensation      The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings “Executive Compensation” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the definitive proxy
materials to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.    Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
 Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners required by this Item is set forth under the heading
“Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated
herein by reference.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  This table provides certain information as of December 31, 2014 with
respect to our equity compensation plans:    EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 (a) 
   
   
 (b) 
   
   
 (c) 
   
 
   
    
 Number of securities to be
issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
   
   
 Weighted-average exercise price
of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
   
   
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity
compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a) ) 
   


 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
    
   
 38,470,500 
 (1)  
   
 $ 
 21.39 
 (1)  
   
   
 38,992,900 
    
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 38,470,500 
    
   
 $ 
 21.39 
    
   
   
 38,992,900 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes 8,675,700 restricted share units, a portion of which vests solely based upon continued employment over a specific period of time and a portion vests based upon
continued employment over a specific period of time and the achievement of predetermined financial targets over time. The weighted average exercise price does not take these restricted share units into account.  
 
 
 * 
 For additional information concerning our equity compensation plans, see the discussion in Note 2 — Share-Based Compensation in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.    Item 13.     Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence     The information required by
this Item is set forth under the headings “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” and “Corporate Governance” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
which information is incorporated herein by reference.  
 Item 14.     Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
   The information required by this Item is set forth under the heading “Ratification of Appointment of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV    Item 15.     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules    
 (a) Documents filed as part of the report:   
 1.  Financial Statements.  The accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this
annual report on Form 10-K is provided in response to this item.    2.  List of Financial Statement
Schedules.  All schedules are omitted because the required information is either not present, not present in material amounts or presented within the consolidated financial statements.  
 3. List of Exhibits       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
     2.1 
   
 — 
    
   Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 24, 2006, by and among HCA Inc., Hercules Holding II, LLC and Hercules Acquisition Corporation (filed as
Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 25, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     2.2 
   
 — 
    
   Merger Agreement, dated November 22, 2010, by and among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., and HCA Merger Sub LLC (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.1 
   
 — 
    
   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.2 
   
 — 
    
   Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-171369), and
incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.1 
   
 — 
    
   Specimen Certificate for shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.2 
   
 — 
    
   Security Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, among HCA Inc., the subsidiary grantors party thereto and The Bank of New York, as collateral agent
(filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.3 
   
 — 
    
   Pledge Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, among HCA Inc., the subsidiary pledgors party thereto and The Bank of New York, as collateral agent
(filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report of Form 8-K filed November 24, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(a) 
   
 — 
    
   $13,550,000,000 — €1,000,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lending
institutions from time to time parties thereto, Banc of America Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint
bookrunners, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citicorp North America, Inc., as co-syndication agents and Merrill Lynch Capital Corporation, as documentation agent (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2007, among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lending institutions from time
to time parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Citicorp North 
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
   
 
    
   America, Inc., as Co-Syndication Agents, Banc of America Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch,
Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, Deutsche Bank Securities and Wachovia Capital Markets LLC, as joint bookrunners and Merrill Lynch Capital Corporation, as documentation agent (filed as
Exhibit 4.7(b) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(c) 
   
 — 
    
   Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2009, among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lending institutions from time to
time parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Citicorp North America, Inc., as Co-Syndication Agents, Banc of America Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, Deutsche Bank Securities and Wachovia Capital Markets LLC, as joint bookrunners and Merrill Lynch Capital Corporation, as documentation
agent (filed as exhibit 4.8(c) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(d) 
   
 — 
    
   Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2009, among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lending institutions from time to
time parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Citicorp North America, Inc., as Co-Syndication Agents, Banc of America Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners, Deutsche Bank Securities and Wachovia Capital Markets LLC, as joint bookrunners and Merrill Lynch Capital Corporation, as documentation
agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 22, 2009 (File No.  001-11239),  and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(e) 
   
 — 
    
   Extension Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2010, among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lending institutions from
time to time parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 8, 2010, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(f) 
   
 — 
    
   Amended and Restated Joinder Agreement No. 1, dated as of November 8, 2010, by and among each of the financial institutions listed as a
“Replacement-1 Revolving Credit Lender” on Schedule A thereto, HCA Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other parties listed on the signature pages thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(g) 
   
 — 
    
   Restatement Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2011, by and among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent and collateral agent to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, as amended on February 16, 2007, March 2, 2009, June 18, 2009, April 6, 2010 and November 8, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(h) 
   
 — 
    
   Extension Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 25, 2012, by and among HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, each of the U.S. Guarantors, each of the European
Guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 25, 2012, and
incorporated herein by reference). 
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     4.4(i) 
   
 — 
    
   Joinder Agreement No. 1, dated as of October 22, 2012, by and among each of the financial institutions listed as a “Replacement-2012 Revolving Credit
Lender” on Schedule A thereto, HCA Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other parties listed on the signature pages thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed October 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(j) 
   
 — 
    
   Joinder Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2013, by and among HCA Inc., as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and the
lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(k) 
   
 — 
    
   Joinder Agreement No. 2, dated as of May 3, 2013, by and among HCA Inc., as borrower, Bank of America, N. A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and
the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(l) 
   
 — 
    
   Joinder Agreement No. 3, dated as of May 22, 2013, by and among HCA Inc., as borrower, Bank of America, N. A., as administrative agent and collateral agent
and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 28, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(m) 
   
 — 
    
   Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2014, to (i) the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006 and as amended and restated as of May 4,
2011, by and among the HCA Inc., HCA UK Capital Limited, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and (ii) the U.S. Guarantee, dated as of November 17, 2006 by and among the guarantors party
thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.5 
   
 — 
    
   Security Agreement, dated as November 17, 2006, and amended and restated as of March 2, 2009, among the Company, the Subsidiary Grantors named
therein and Bank of America, N.A., as Collateral Agent (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.6 
   
 — 
    
   Pledge Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, and amended and restated as of March 2, 2009, among the Company, the Subsidiary Pledgors named
therein and Bank of America, N.A., as Collateral Agent (filed as exhibit 4.11 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.7(a) 
   
 — 
    
   $2,500,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011, by and among HCA Inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.7(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Restatement Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2014, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011, by and among HCA Inc., the subsidiary borrowers
party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 11, 2014, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.7(c) 
   
 — 
    
   Joinder Agreement and Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 30, 2014, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011 and amended and restated as of
March 7, 2014, by and among HCA Inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
the 
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
   
 
    
   Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.8 
   
 — 
    
   Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011, by and among HCA Inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as collateral
agent (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(a) 
   
 — 
    
   General Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, between Bank of America, N.A., as First Lien Collateral Agent, and The Bank of New York,
as Junior Lien Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.13(a) to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, among Bank of America, N.A., as ABL Collateral Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as CF
Collateral Agent and The Bank of New York, as Bonds Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.13(b) to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 

 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(c) 
   
 — 
    
   Additional General Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, by and among Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as First Lien Collateral
Agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as Junior Lien Collateral Agent and in its capacity as trustee for the Second Lien Notes issued on November 17, 2006, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as
trustee for the Second Lien Notes issued on February 19, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(d) 
   
 — 
    
   Additional Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011 by and between Bank of America, N.A., as ABL Collateral Agent, and Bank of
America, N.A., as New First Lien Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(e) 
   
 — 
    
   Additional General Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2012, by and among Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as First Lien Collateral Agent,
The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as Junior Lien Collateral Agent and in its capacity as trustee for the Second Lien Notes issued on November 17, 2006, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as trustee for
the Second Lien Notes issued on February 19, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(f) 
   
 — 
    
   Additional Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2012, by and between Bank of America, N.A., as ABL Collateral Agent, and Bank of
America, N.A., as New First Lien Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(g) 
   
 — 
    
   Additional General Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2012, by and among Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as First Lien Collateral Agent,
The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as Junior Lien Collateral Agent and in its capacity as trustee for the Second Lien Notes issued on November 17, 2006, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as trustee
for the Second Lien Notes issued on February 19, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(h) 
   
 — 
    
   Additional Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2012, by and between Bank of America, N.A., as ABL Collateral Agent, and Bank of
America, N.A., as New First 
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
   
 
    
   Lien Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.11 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.10 
   
 — 
    
   Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2010, among HCA Holdings, Inc., Hercules Holding II, LLC and certain other parties thereto (filed
as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.11 
   
 — 
    
   Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 16, 1989, by and among HCA-Hospital Corporation of America and the persons listed on the signature pages
thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.12 
   
 — 
    
   Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1994, between HCA-Hospital Corporation of America and the Company relating to the
Registration Rights Agreement, as amended (filed as Exhibit 4.15 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13(a) 
   
 — 
    
   Indenture, dated as of December 16, 1993 between the Company and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.16(a) to the
Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13(b) 
   
 — 
    
   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2000 between the Company and Bank One Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed as
Exhibit 4.16(b) to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13(c) 
   
 — 
    
   Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2001 between the Company and Bank One Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed as
Exhibit 4.16(c) to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13(d) 
   
 — 
    
   Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2001 between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.16(d) to the
Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13(e) 
   
 — 
    
   Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2006, between the Company and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.14 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7.5% Debentures due 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.17 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054),
and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.15 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 8.36% Debenture due 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.18 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054),
and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.16 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Fixed Rate Global Medium-Term Note (filed as Exhibit 4.19 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File
No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.17 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Floating Rate Global Medium-Term Note (filed as Exhibit 4.20 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File
No. 333-145054), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.18 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7.69% Note due 2025 (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2004 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.19 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7.19% Debenture due 2015 (filed as Exhibit 4.22 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054),
and incorporated herein by reference). 
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     4.20 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7.50% Debenture due 2095 (filed as Exhibit 4.23 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054),
and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.21 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7.05% Debenture due 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.24 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-145054),
and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.22 
   
 — 
    
   7.50% Note due 2033 in the principal amount of $250,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
November 6, 2003 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.23(a) 
   
 — 
    
   6.500% Note due 2016 in the principal amount of $500,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
February 8, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.23(b) 
   
 — 
    
   6.500% Note due 2016 in the principal amount of $500,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
February 8, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.24 
   
 — 
    
   Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2010, among HCA Holdings, Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer
agent, and Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.25 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7  3 / 4 % Senior Notes due 2021 (included in Exhibit 4.24). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.26 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Indenture of HCA Inc. (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-175791), and incorporated
herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.27 
   
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of August 1, 2011, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.28 
   
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of August 1, 2011, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2011, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.29 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 7.50% Senior Notes Due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.27). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.30 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 6.50% Senior Secured Notes Due 2020 (included in Exhibit 4.28). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.31 
   
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of October 3, 2011, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.32 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 8.00% Senior Notes Due 2018 (included in Exhibit 4.31). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.33 
   
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of February 16, 2012, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture
Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2012, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     4.34 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 5.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.33). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.35 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of October 23, 2012, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (Unsecured Notes) (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 23, 2012, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.36 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 6, dated as of October 23, 2012, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (Secured Notes) (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 23, 2012, and incorporated
herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.37 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.35). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.38 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 4.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.36). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.39 
    
 — 
    
   Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2012, among HCA Holdings, Inc., Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as registrar, paying agent and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.40 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of December 6, 2012, among HCA Holdings, Inc., Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, as registrar, paying agent and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.41 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 6.25% Senior Notes due 2021 (included in Exhibit 4.40). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.42 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 7, dated as of March 17, 2014, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.43 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 8, dated as of March 17, 2014, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.44 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 3.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (included in Exhibit 4.42). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.45 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 5.00% Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.43). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.46 
    
 — 
    
   Additional Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2014, by and between Bank of America, N.A., as ABL Collateral Agent, and Bank of
America, N.A., as New First Lien Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.47 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 9, dated as of October 17, 2014, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.48 
    
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 10, dated as of October 17, 2014, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Law Debenture Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar 
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
   
 
    
   and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by
reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.49 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 4.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (included in Exhibit 4.47). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.50 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 5.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.48). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.51 
   
 — 
    
   Additional Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2014, by and between Bank of America, N.A., as ABL Collateral Agent, and Bank of
America, N.A., as New First Lien Collateral Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 17, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.52 
   
 — 
    
   Supplemental Indenture No. 11, dated as of January 16, 2015, among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc., Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as trustee, and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 16, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.53 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.52). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.1 
   
 — 
    
   HCA-Hospital Corporation of America Nonqualified Initial Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3
(File No. 33-52379), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.2 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Indemnity Agreement with certain officers and directors (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4
(File No. 333-145054) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.3 
   
 — 
    
   Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit A to the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders on May 25, 2000 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.4 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (Officers) (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
February 2, 2005 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.5 
   
 — 
    
   HCA 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit B to the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 26, 2005
(File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.6 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 2005 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Officers) (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
October 6, 2005 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.7 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 2006 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (Officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
February 1, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.8(a) 
   
 — 
    
   2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates as Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.11(b) to the
Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.8(b) 
   
 — 
    
   First Amendment to 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.8(c) 
   
 — 
    
   Second Amendment to the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as amended and restated (filed as Exhibit 10.1
to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   10.9(a) 
   
 — 
    
   Management Stockholder’s Agreement dated November 17, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.9(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Omnibus Amendment to HCA Holdings, Inc’s Management Stockholder’s Agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Company’s Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.10 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Option Rollover Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.11 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Stock Option Agreement (2007) (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.12 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Stock Option Agreement (2008) (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2007 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.13 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Stock Option Agreement (2009) (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.14 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Stock Option Agreement (2010) (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2009 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.15 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 2x Time Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.16 
   
 — 
    
   Form Stock Option Agreement (2011) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, and
incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(a) 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as Amended
and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Form of 2014 Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as
Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.17(b) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.18 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Initial Award) Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its
Affiliates, as Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.19 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Annual Award) Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its
Affiliates, as Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.20 
   
 — 
    
   Retirement Agreement between the Company and Thomas F. Frist, Jr., M.D. dated as of January 1, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   10.21 
   
 — 
    
   Amended and Restated HCA Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective December 22, 2010, except as provided therein (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.22 
   
 — 
    
   Amended and Restated HCA Restoration Plan, effective December 22, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(a) 
   
 — 
    
   Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated August 2, 2013 (Richard M. Bracken) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Employment Agreement dated November 16, 2006 (R. Milton Johnson) (filed as Exhibit 10.27(c) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(c) 
   
 — 
    
   Employment Agreement dated November 16, 2006 (Samuel N. Hazen) (filed as Exhibit 10.27(d) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(d) 
   
 — 
    
   Employment Agreement dated November 16, 2006 (Charles J. Hall) (filed as Exhibit 10.28(d) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(e) 
   
 — 
    
   Amendment to Employment Agreement effective February 9, 2011 (R. Milton Johnson) (filed as Exhibit 10.29(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(f) 
   
 — 
    
   Amendment to Employment Agreement effective February 9, 2011 (Samuel N. Hazen) (filed as Exhibit 10.29(j) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(g) 
   
 — 
    
   Second Amendment to Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2014 (R. Milton Johnson) (filed as Exhibit 10.28(g) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(h) 
   
 — 
    
   Third Amendment to Employment Agreement effective December 31, 2014 (R. Milton Johnson).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(i) 
   
 — 
    
   Second Amendment to Employment Agreement effective January 29, 2015 (Samuel N. Hazen).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.24(a) 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Hercules Holding II, LLC dated as of November 17, 2006, among Hercules Holding II,
LLC and certain other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed April 29, 2008 (File No. 000-18406) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.24(b) 
   
 — 
    
   Form of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Hercules Holding II, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.32(a) to the
Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-171369), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.25 
   
 — 
    
   Indemnification Priority and Information Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2009, between HCA Inc. and certain other parties thereto (filed as
Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 (File No. 001-11239), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.26 
   
 — 
    
   Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated November 22, 2010, by and among HCA Inc., HCA Holdings, Inc. and HCA Merger Sub LLC (filed as
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   10.27 
    
 — 
    
   Omnibus Amendment to Various Stock and Option Plans and the Management Stockholders’ Agreement, dated November 22, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.2
to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.28 
    
 — 
    
   Omnibus Amendment to Stock Option Agreements Issued Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as
amended, effective February 16, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.29 
    
 — 
    
   Stockholders’ Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2011, by and among the Company, Hercules Holding II, LLC and the other signatories thereto (filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30 
    
 — 
    
   Amendment, dated as of September 21, 2011, to the Stockholders’ Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.31 
    
 — 
    
   Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as Amended
and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.32 
    
 — 
    
   HCA Holdings, Inc. 2012 Senior Officer Performance Excellence Program (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April
4, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.33 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 2012 PEP Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2012, and
incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.34 
    
 — 
    
   Share Repurchase Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2013, by and between HCA Holdings, Inc. and Hercules Holding II, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.35 
    
 — 
    
   HCA Holdings, Inc. 2013 Senior Officer Performance Excellence Program (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.36 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 2013 PEP Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.37 
    
 — 
    
   Executive Severance Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and
incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.38 
    
 — 
    
   Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Richard M. Bracken) (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.39 
    
 — 
    
   Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Initial Award) under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its
Affiliates, as Amended and Restated. (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.40 
    
 — 
    
   Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Annual Award) under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its
Affiliates, as Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by
reference).* 
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   10.41 
    
 — 
    
   HCA Holdings, Inc. 2014 Senior Officer Performance Excellence Program (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 3,
2014, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.42 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 2014 PEP Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 3, 2014, and
incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.43 
    
 — 
    
   HCA Holdings, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 25, 2014, and incorporated
herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.44 
    
 — 
    
   Share Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2014, by and between HCA Holdings, Inc. and Hercules Holding II, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.45 
    
 — 
    
   Share Repurchase Agreement, dated December 5, 2014, among HCA Holdings, Inc. and Bain Capital Integral Investors 2006, LLC, BCIP TCV, LLC and Bain Capital
Hercules Investors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.46 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 2015 Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as
Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 4, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).* 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.47 
    
 — 
    
   Form of 2015 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement Under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as Amended
and Restated.* 
 
 
 
 
 
   21 
    
 — 
    
   List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 
 
 
 
   23 
    
 — 
    
   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 — 
    
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 — 
    
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 
   32 
    
 — 
    
   Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 
 101 
    
 — 
    
   The following financial information from our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on February 26,
2015, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2014 and 2013, (ii) the consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
(iii) the consolidated comprehensive income statements for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (iv) the consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
(v) the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, and (vi) the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
     
 
 
 * 
 Management compensatory plan or arrangement.  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 HCA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     R. M ILTON 
J OHNSON 
 
 
   
 R. Milton Johnson 
 
 
   
   Chairman and   Chief Executive Officer 
   Dated: February 26, 2015  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    R.
M ILTON  J OHNSON   R. Milton Johnson 
    
   Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and 
 Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    W ILLIAM  B. 
R UTHERFORD   William B. Rutherford 
    
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and   Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    R OBERT  J.
D ENNIS   Robert J. Dennis 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    N ANCY -A NN 
D E P ARLE   Nancy-Ann DeParle 
    
 Director 
   
   February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    T HOMAS 
F. F RIST  III   Thomas F. Frist III 
    
 Director 
   
   February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    W ILLIAM  R.
F RIST   William R. Frist 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    A NN  H.
L AMONT   Ann H. Lamont 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    J AY  O.
L IGHT   Jay O. Light 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    G EOFFREY  G.
M EYERS   Geoffrey G. Meyers 
    
 Director 
   
   February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    M ICHAEL  W. 
M ICHELSON   Michael W. Michelson 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    W AYNE 
J. R ILEY   Wayne J. Riley 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    J OHN 
W. R OWE   John W. Rowe 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2015 
 
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 F-2 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012 
    
   
 F-3 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012 
    
   
 F-4 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 F-5 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the years ended December 
31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 F-6 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012 
    
   
 F-7 
    
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 F-8 
    
 
 
 
 
   Quarterly Consolidated Financial Information (Unaudited) 
    
   
 F-48 
    
 
      F-1
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
   The Board of Directors and Stockholders    HCA Holdings, Inc.    We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of HCA Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of HCA Holdings, Inc. at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), HCA Holdings, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 26, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    Nashville, Tennessee    February 26, 2015  
      F-2
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014, 2013 AND 2012  
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Revenues before the provision for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 40,087 
    
   
 $ 
 38,040 
    
   
 $ 
 36,783 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 3,169 
    
   
   
 3,858 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
    
   
 36,918 
    
   
   
 34,182 
    
   
   
 33,013 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and benefits 
    
   
 16,641 
    
   
   
 15,646 
    
   
   
 15,089 
    
 
   Supplies 
    
   
 6,262 
    
   
   
 5,970 
    
   
   
 5,717 
    
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 6,755 
    
   
   
 6,237 
    
   
   
 6,048 
    
 
   Electronic health record incentive income 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (216 
 )  
   
   
 (336 
 )  
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
    
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,820 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 1,743 
    
   
   
 1,848 
    
   
   
 1,798 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
    
   
 335 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
    
   
 78 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 33,437 
    
   
   
 31,236 
    
   
   
 30,119 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 2,946 
    
   
   
 2,894 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 1,108 
    
   
   
 950 
    
   
   
 888 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 2,373 
    
   
   
 1,996 
    
   
   
 2,006 
    
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 498 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 401 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1,875 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556 
    
   
 $ 
 1,605 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per share data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 4.30 
    
   
 $ 
 3.50 
    
   
 $ 
 3.65 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 4.16 
    
   
 $ 
 3.37 
    
   
 $ 
 3.49 
    
 
   Shares used in earnings per share calculations (in thousands): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 435,668 
    
   
   
 445,066 
    
   
   
 440,178 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 450,352 
    
   
   
 461,913 
    
   
   
 459,403 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  
      F-3
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENTS  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014, 2013 AND 2012  
 (Dollars in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,373 
    
   
 $ 
 1,996 
    
   
 $ 
 2,006 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 (74 
 )  
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 6 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Defined benefit plans 
    
   
 (158 
 )  
   
   
 134 
    
   
   
 (89 
 )  
 
   Pension costs included in salaries and benefits 
    
   
 21 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 46 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (137 
 )  
   
   
 172 
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments 
    
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (151 
 )  
 
   Interest costs included in interest expense 
    
   
 132 
    
   
   
 131 
    
   
   
 122 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 96 
    
   
   
 134 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes 
    
   
 (106 
 )  
   
   
 317 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
   Income taxes (benefits) related to other comprehensive income items 
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 117 
    
   
   
 (12 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 200 
    
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 2,307 
    
   
   
 2,196 
    
   
   
 1,989 
    
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 498 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 401 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1,809 
    
   
 $ 
 1,756 
    
   
 $ 
 1,588 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  
      F-4
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013    (Dollars in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 566 
    
   
 $ 
 414 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $5,011 and $5,488 
    
   
 5,694 
    
   
   
 5,208 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 1,279 
    
   
   
 1,179 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 366 
    
   
   
 489 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,025 
    
   
   
 747 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 8,930 
    
   
   
 8,037 
    
 
   Property and equipment, at cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Land 
    
   
 1,524 
    
   
   
 1,487 
    
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 11,941 
    
   
   
 11,211 
    
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 18,496 
    
   
   
 17,519 
    
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 1,019 
    
   
   
 856 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 32,980 
    
   
   
 31,073 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 (18,625 
 )  
   
   
 (17,454 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 14,355 
    
   
   
 13,619 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries 
    
   
 494 
    
   
   
 448 
    
 
   Investments in and advances to affiliates 
    
   
 165 
    
   
   
 121 
    
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets 
    
   
 6,416 
    
   
   
 5,903 
    
 
   Deferred loan costs 
    
   
 219 
    
   
   
 237 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 620 
    
   
   
 466 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 31,199 
    
   
 $ 
 28,831 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 2,035 
    
   
 $ 
 1,803 
    
 
   Accrued salaries 
    
   
 1,370 
    
   
   
 1,193 
    
 
   Other accrued expenses 
    
   
 1,737 
    
   
   
 1,913 
    
 
   Long-term debt due within one year 
    
   
 338 
    
   
   
 786 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 5,480 
    
   
   
 5,695 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 29,307 
    
   
   
 27,590 
    
 
   Professional liability risks 
    
   
 1,078 
    
   
   
 949 
    
 
   Income taxes and other liabilities 
    
   
 1,832 
    
   
   
 1,525 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Stockholders’ deficit: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock $0.01 par; authorized 1,800,000,000 shares; outstanding 420,477,900 shares — 2014 and
439,604,000 shares — 2013 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Capital in excess of par value 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,386 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (323 
 )  
   
   
 (257 
 )  
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (7,575 
 )  
   
   
 (9,403 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Stockholders’ deficit attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
   
 (7,894 
 )  
   
   
 (8,270 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 1,396 
    
   
   
 1,342 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (6,498 
 )  
   
   
 (6,928 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 31,199 
    
   
 $ 
 28,831 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

      F-5
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014, 2013 AND 2012  
 (Dollars in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Equity (Deficit) Attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
   
 Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Capital in Excess of Par Value 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
 Retained Deficit 
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Shares (000) 
   
   
 Par Value 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balances, December 31, 2011 
   
   
 437,478 
    
   
 $ 
         4 
    
   
 $ 
 1,601 
    
   
 $ 
 (440 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9,423 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,244 
    
   
 $ 
 (7,014 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 1,605 
    
   
   
 401 
    
   
   
 1,989 
    
 
   Share-based benefit plans 
   
   
 5,722 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 169 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 169 
    
 
   Distributions 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (3,142 
 )  
   
   
 (401 
 )  
   
   
 (3,543 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 58 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances, December 31, 2012 
   
   
 443,200 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
   
   
 (457 
 )  
   
   
 (10,960 
 )  
   
   
 1,319 
    
   
   
 (8,341 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 200 
    
   
   
 1,556 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 2,196 
    
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
   
 (10,656 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (500 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (500 
 )  
 
   Share-based benefit plans 
   
   
 7,060 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 139 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 139 
    
 
   Distributions 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (435 
 )  
   
   
 (435 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances, December 31, 2013 
   
   
 439,604 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 1,386 
    
   
   
 (257 
 )  
   
   
 (9,403 
 )  
   
   
 1,342 
    
   
   
 (6,928 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 1,875 
    
   
   
 498 
    
   
   
 2,307 
    
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
   
 (28,583 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,701 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (49 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,750 
 )  
 
   Share-based benefit plans 
   
   
 9,457 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 321 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 321 
    
 
   Distributions 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (442 
 )  
   
   
 (442 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances, December 31, 2014 
   
   
 420,478 
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 (323 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7,575 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,396 
    
   
 $ 
 (6,498 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  
      F-6
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014, 2013 AND 2012  
 (Dollars in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,373 
    
   
 $ 
 1,996 
    
   
 $ 
 2,006 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash from operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 (3,645 
 )  
   
   
 (4,395 
 )  
   
   
 (3,896 
 )  
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 3,169 
    
   
   
 3,858 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 (476 
 )  
   
   
 (537 
 )  
   
   
 (126 
 )  
 
   Inventories and other assets 
    
   
 (232 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (122 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 444 
    
   
   
 142 
    
   
   
 355 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,820 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 (83 
 )  
   
   
 143 
    
   
   
 96 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
    
   
 335 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
    
   
 78 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred loan costs 
    
   
 42 
    
   
   
 55 
    
   
   
 62 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
   
 163 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 4,448 
    
   
   
 3,680 
    
   
   
 4,175 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of property and equipment 
    
   
 (2,176 
 )  
   
   
 (1,943 
 )  
   
   
 (1,862 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of hospitals and health care entities 
    
   
 (766 
 )  
   
   
 (481 
 )  
   
   
 (258 
 )  
 
   Disposal of hospitals and health care entities 
    
   
 51 
    
   
   
 33 
    
   
   
 30 
    
 
   Change in investments 
    
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 10 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (2,918 
 )  
   
   
 (2,346 
 )  
   
   
 (2,063 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuances of long-term debt 
    
   
 5,502 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
 
   Net change in revolving bank credit facilities 
    
   
 440 
    
   
   
 970 
    
   
   
 (685 
 )  
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
    
   
 (5,164 
 )  
   
   
 (1,662 
 )  
   
   
 (2,441 
 )  
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (442 
 )  
   
   
 (435 
 )  
   
   
 (401 
 )  
 
   Payment of debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
    
   
 (1,750 
 )  
   
   
 (500 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Distributions to stockholders 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (3,148 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits 
    
   
 134 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 174 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (90 
 )  
   
   
 (67 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (1,378 
 )  
   
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 (1,780 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 152 
    
   
   
 (291 
 )  
   
   
 332 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 414 
    
   
   
 705 
    
   
   
 373 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 $ 
 566 
    
   
 $ 
 414 
    
   
 $ 
 705 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest payments 
    
 $ 
 1,758 
    
   
 $ 
 1,832 
    
   
 $ 
 1,723 
    
 
   Income tax payments, net 
    
 $ 
 1,057 
    
   
 $ 
 694 
    
   
 $ 
 618 
    
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

      F-7
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Reporting Entity    HCA Holdings, Inc. is a holding company whose affiliates own and operate hospitals and related health care entities. The term “affiliates” includes direct and indirect subsidiaries of HCA
Holdings, Inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners. At December 31, 2014, these affiliates owned and operated 166 hospitals, 113 freestanding surgery centers and provided extensive outpatient and
ancillary services. HCA Holdings, Inc.’s facilities are located in 20 states and England. The terms “Company,” “HCA,” “we,” “our” or “us,” as used herein and unless otherwise stated or
indicated by context, refer to HCA Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates. The term “facilities” or “hospitals” refer to entities owned and operated by affiliates of HCA and the term “employees” refers to employees of
affiliates of HCA.    Basis of Presentation  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 The consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries and entities controlled by HCA. We generally define
“control” as ownership of a majority of the voting interest of an entity. The consolidated financial statements include entities in which we absorb a majority of the entity’s expected losses, receive a majority of the entity’s
expected residual returns, or both, as a result of ownership, contractual or other financial interests in the entity. Significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in entities we do not control, but in which we have a
substantial ownership interest and can exercise significant influence, are accounted for using the equity method.    We have completed various acquisitions and joint venture transactions. The accounts of these entities have been included in our consolidated financial statements for periods subsequent to our acquisition
of controlling interests. The majority of our expenses are “cost of revenue” items. Costs that could be classified as general and administrative include our corporate office costs, which were $285 million, $287 million and
$248 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
      F-8
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)      
  Revenues  
 Revenues consist primarily of net patient service revenues that are recorded based upon established billing rates less
allowances for contractual adjustments. Revenues are recorded during the period the health care services are provided, based upon the estimated amounts due from the patients and third-party payers. Third-party payers include federal and state
agencies (under the Medicare and Medicaid programs), managed care health plans (includes plans offered through the health insurance exchanges, beginning in 2014), commercial insurance companies and employers. Estimates of contractual allowances
under managed care health plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. Contractual payment terms in managed care agreements are generally based upon predetermined rates per diagnosis, per diem rates or
discounted fee-for-service rates. Revenues related to uninsured patients and uninsured copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage may have discounts applied (uninsured discounts and contractual discounts). We also
record a provision for doubtful accounts (based primarily on historical collection experience) related to these uninsured accounts to record net self pay revenues at the estimated amounts we expect to collect. Our revenues from third party payers,
the uninsured and other for the years ended December 31, are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 Ratio 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 Ratio 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Ratio 
   


 
   Medicare 
    
 $ 
 8,354 
    
   
   
 22.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 7,951 
    
   
   
 23.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 8,292 
    
   
   
 25.1 
 %  
 
   Managed Medicare 
    
   
 3,614 
    
   
   
 9.8 
    
   
   
 3,279 
    
   
   
 9.6 
    
   
   
 2,954 
    
   
   
 8.9 
    
 
   Medicaid 
    
   
 1,848 
    
   
   
 5.0 
    
   
   
 1,480 
    
   
   
 4.3 
    
   
   
 1,464 
    
   
   
 4.4 
    
 
   Managed Medicaid 
    
   
 1,923 
    
   
   
 5.2 
    
   
   
 1,570 
    
   
   
 4.6 
    
   
   
 1,504 
    
   
   
 4.6 
    
 
   Managed care and other insurers 
    
   
 20,066 
    
   
   
 54.4 
    
   
   
 18,654 
    
   
   
 54.6 
    
   
   
 17,998 
    
   
   
 54.5 
    
 
   International (managed care and other insurers) 
    
   
 1,311 
    
   
   
 3.6 
    
   
   
 1,175 
    
   
   
 3.4 
    
   
   
 1,060 
    
   
   
 3.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 37,116 
    
   
   
 100.6 
    
   
   
 34,109 
    
   
   
 99.8 
    
   
   
 33,272 
    
   
   
 100.7 
    
 
   Uninsured 
    
   
 1,494 
    
   
   
 4.0 
    
   
   
 2,677 
    
   
   
 7.8 
    
   
   
 2,580 
    
   
   
 7.8 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,477 
    
   
   
 4.0 
    
   
   
 1,254 
    
   
   
 3.7 
    
   
   
 931 
    
   
   
 2.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 40,087 
    
   
   
 108.6 
    
   
   
 38,040 
    
   
   
 111.3 
    
   
   
 36,783 
    
   
   
 111.3 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 (3,169 
 )  
   
   
 (8.6 
 )  
   
   
 (3,858 
 )  
   
   
 (11.3 
 )  
   
   
 (3,770 
 )  
   
   
 (11.3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
     36,918 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
     34,182 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 33,013 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject
to interpretation. As a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility recorded estimates will change by a material amount. Estimated reimbursement amounts are adjusted in subsequent periods as cost reports are prepared and filed and as final
settlements are determined (in relation to certain government programs, primarily Medicare, this is generally referred to as the “cost report” filing and settlement process). The adjustments to estimated Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement
amounts and disproportionate-share funds, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during the respective year were $50 million, $41 million and $50 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
The adjustments to estimated reimbursement amounts, which resulted in net increases to revenues, related primarily to cost reports filed during previous years were $53 million, $68 million and $242 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. The 2012 amount related to cost reports filed during previous years includes two adjustments to Medicare revenues that affected multiple annual cost report periods for the majority of our hospitals (the Rural Floor Provision Settlement
increased revenues by approximately $271 million and the implementation of revised Supplemental Security Income ratios reduced revenues by approximately $75 million). Excluding the effect of these Medicare adjustments, the 2012 amount related to
cost reports filed during previous years would have been $46 million.  
      F-9
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  
 Revenues (continued)      
  The Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (“EMTALA”)
requires any hospital participating in the Medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency room for treatment and, if the individual is suffering from an
emergency medical condition, to either stabilize the condition or make an appropriate transfer of the individual to a facility able to handle the condition. The obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of an
individual’s ability to pay for treatment. Federal and state laws and regulations require, and our commitment to providing quality patient care encourages, us to provide services to patients who are financially unable to pay for the health care
services they receive. Because we do not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported in revenues. Patients treated at hospitals for nonelective care, who have income at or below 200% of the federal
poverty level, are eligible for charity care. The federal poverty level is established by the federal government and is based on income and family size. We provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for Medicaid or charity care. In
implementing the uninsured discount policy, we first attempt to qualify uninsured patients for Medicaid, other federal or state assistance or charity care. If an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is
applied.    To quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured accounts, we believe it is
beneficial to view charity care, uninsured discounts and the provision for doubtful accounts in combination, rather than each separately. A summary of these amounts for the years ended December 31, follows (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 Ratio 
   
   
 2013 
   
    
 Ratio 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 Ratio 
   


 
   Charity care 
    
 $ 
 3,775 
    
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
 $ 
 3,497 
    
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
 $ 
 3,093 
    
    
   
 22 
 %  
 
   Uninsured discounts 
    
   
 8,999 
    
    
   
 56 
    
   
   
 8,210 
    
    
   
 53 
    
   
   
 6,978 
    
    
   
 51 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 3,169 
    
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 3,858 
    
    
   
 25 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
    
   
 27 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total uncompensated care 
    
 $ 
     15,943 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
     15,565 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
     13,841 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A summary of the estimated cost of total uncompensated care for the years ended
December 31, follows (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Patient care costs (salaries and benefits, supplies, other operating expenses and depreciation and amortization) 
    
 $ 
 31,478 
    
   
 $ 
 29,606 
    
   
 $ 
 28,533 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cost-to-charges ratio (patient care costs as percentage of gross patient charges) 
    
   
 15.5 
 %  
   
   
 16.3 
 %  
   
   
 17.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total uncompensated care 
    
 $ 
 15,943 
    
   
 $ 
 15,565 
    
   
 $ 
 13,841 
    
 
   Multiply by the cost-to-charges ratio 
    
   
 15.5 
 %  
   
   
 16.3 
 %  
   
   
 17.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Estimated cost of total uncompensated care 
    
 $ 
 2,471 
    
   
 $ 
 2,537 
    
   
 $ 
 2,381 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The sum of charity care, uninsured discounts and the provision for doubtful accounts, as
a percentage of the sum of revenues, charity care, uninsured discounts and the provision for doubtful accounts was 30.2% for 2014, 31.3% for 2013 and 29.5% for 2012.  
      F-10
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)      
  Recent Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board issued a final,
converged, principles-based standard on revenue recognition. Companies across all industries will use a five-step model to recognize revenue from customer contracts. The new standard, which replaces nearly all existing United States Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (“US GAAP”) and International Financial Reporting Standards revenue recognition guidance, will require significant management judgment in addition to changing the way many companies recognize revenue in their
financial statements. The standard is effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted under US GAAP. We are evaluating the effects the adoption of this standard
will have on our financial statements and financial disclosures.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased. Our
insurance subsidiaries’ cash equivalent investments in excess of the amounts required to pay estimated professional liability claims during the next twelve months are not included in cash and cash equivalents as these funds are not available
for general corporate purposes. Carrying values of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.    Our cash management system provides for daily investment of available balances and the funding of outstanding checks when presented for payment. Outstanding, but unpresented, checks totaling
$511 million and $461 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, have been included in “accounts payable” in the consolidated balance sheets. Upon presentation for payment, these checks are funded through available
cash balances or our credit facility.    Accounts Receivable  
 We receive payments for services rendered from federal and state agencies (under the Medicare and Medicaid programs),
managed care health plans, commercial insurance companies, employers and patients. We recognize that revenues and receivables from government agencies are significant to our operations, but do not believe there are significant credit risks
associated with these government agencies. We do not believe there are any other significant concentrations of revenues from any particular payer that would subject us to any significant credit risks in the collection of our accounts receivable.
   Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are made by means of the provision for doubtful accounts.
Accounts written off as uncollectible are deducted from the allowance for doubtful accounts and subsequent recoveries are added. The amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s assessment of historical and expected
net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate to
“uninsured” amounts due directly from patients (including copayment and deductible amounts from patients who have health care coverage). Accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been
performed. We consider the return of an account from the secondary collection agency to be the culmination of our reasonable collection efforts and the timing basis for writing off the account balance. Writeoffs are based upon specific
identification and the writeoff process requires a writeoff adjustment entry to the patient accounting system. Management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and recoveries at facilities that represent a majority of our
revenues and accounts receivable (the “hindsight analysis”) as a primary source of information to utilize in estimating the  
      F-11
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Accounts
Receivable (continued)      
  
collectibility of our accounts receivable. We perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts receivable collection and writeoff data. At December 31, 2014
and 2013, the allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 91.4% and 92.6%, respectively, of the $5.482 billion and $5.927 billion, respectively, patient due accounts receivable balance. The patient due accounts receivable
balance represents the estimated uninsured portion of our accounts receivable. The estimated uninsured portion of Medicaid pending and uninsured discount pending accounts is included in our patient due accounts receivable balance. Days revenues in
accounts receivable were 54 days, 54 days and 51 days at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Adverse changes in general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, changes in payer mix or federal or
state governmental health care coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.    Inventories    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
(first-in, first-out) or market.    Property and Equipment  
 Depreciation expense, computed using the straight-line method, was $1.798 billion in 2014, $1.733 billion in
2013 and $1.673 billion in 2012. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over estimated useful lives ranging generally from 10 to 40 years. Estimated useful lives of equipment vary generally from four to 10 years.  
 When events, circumstances or operating results indicate the carrying values of certain long-lived assets expected to be
held and used, might be impaired, we prepare projections of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the projections indicate the recorded amounts are not expected to be
recoverable, such amounts are reduced to estimated fair value. Fair value may be estimated based upon internal evaluations that include quantitative analyses of revenues and cash flows, reviews of recent sales of similar facilities and independent
appraisals.    Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or fair
value less costs to sell or close. The estimates of fair value are usually based upon recent sales of similar assets and market responses based upon discussions with and offers received from potential buyers.  
 Investments of Insurance Subsidiaries    At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the investments of our 100% owned insurance subsidiaries were classified as “available-for-sale” as defined in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) No. 320,  Investments — Debt and Equity Securities  and are recorded at fair value. The investment securities are held for the purpose of providing a funding source to pay liability claims covered by the
insurance subsidiaries. We perform quarterly assessments of individual investment securities to determine whether declines in market value are temporary or other-than-temporary. Our investment securities evaluation process involves multiple
subjective judgments, often involves estimating the outcome of future events, and requires a significant level of professional judgment in determining whether an impairment has occurred. We evaluate, among other things, the financial position and
near term prospects of the issuer, conditions in the issuer’s industry, liquidity of the investment, changes in the amount or timing of expected future cash flows from the investment, and recent downgrades of the issuer by a rating agency, to
determine if, and when, a decline in the fair value of an investment below amortized cost is  
      F-12
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  
 Investments of Insurance Subsidiaries (continued)  
   
  
considered other-than-temporary. The length of time and extent to which the fair value of the investment is less than amortized cost and our ability and intent to retain the investment, to allow
for any anticipated recovery of the investment’s fair value, are important components of our investment securities evaluation process.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets    Goodwill is not amortized
but is subject to annual impairment tests. In addition to the annual impairment review, impairment reviews are performed whenever circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Impairment testing for goodwill is done at the reporting unit
level. Reporting units are one level below the business segment level, and our impairment testing is performed at the operating division or market level. We compare the fair value of the reporting unit assets to the carrying amount, on at least an
annual basis, to determine if there is potential impairment. If the fair value of the reporting unit assets is less than their carrying value, we compare the fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If the fair value of the goodwill is less
than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized. Fair value of goodwill is estimated based upon internal evaluations of the related long-lived assets for each reporting unit that include quantitative analyses of market multiples, revenues
and cash flows and reviews of recent sales of similar facilities. No goodwill impairments were recognized during 2014, 2013 and 2012. Since January 1, 2000, we have recognized total goodwill impairments of $102 million in the aggregate.
None of the goodwill impairments related to evaluations of goodwill at the reporting unit level, as all recognized goodwill impairments during this period related to goodwill allocated to asset disposal groups.  
 During 2014, goodwill increased by $542 million related to acquisitions and declined by $13 million related to foreign
currency translation and other adjustments. During 2013, goodwill increased by $253 million related to acquisitions and declined by $2 million related to foreign currency translation and other adjustments.  
 During 2014, identifiable intangible assets declined by $22 million due to amortization. During 2013, identifiable
intangible assets increased by $125 million related to acquisitions and declined by $12 million due to amortization. Identifiable intangible assets are amortized over estimated lives ranging generally from three to 10 years. The gross carrying
amount of identifiable intangible assets at both December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $162 million, and accumulated amortization was $38 million and $16 million, respectively. During 2014, indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets
increased by $6 million related to acquisitions. During 2013, there were no changes in indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets. The gross carrying amount of indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets at December 31, 2014 and 2013
was $275 million and $269 million, respectively. Indefinite-lived identifiable intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests, and impairment reviews are performed whenever circumstances indicate a possible impairment
may exist.    Deferred Loan Costs  
 Debt issuance costs are amortized based upon the terms of the respective debt obligations. The gross carrying amount of
deferred loan costs at December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $375 million and $542 million, respectively, and accumulated amortization was $156 million and $305 million, respectively. Amortization of deferred loan costs is included
in interest expense and was $42 million, $55 million and $62 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
      F-13
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)      
  Physician Recruiting Agreements  
 In order to recruit physicians to meet the needs of our hospitals and the communities they serve, we enter into minimum
revenue guarantee arrangements to assist the recruited physicians during the period they are relocating and establishing their practices. A guarantor is required to recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair value of the
stand-ready obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. We expense the total estimated guarantee liability amount at the time the physician recruiting agreement becomes effective as we are not able to justify recording a contract-based asset
based upon our analysis of the related control, regulatory and legal considerations.    The physician recruiting
liability amount of $14 million and $15 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, represents the amount of expense recognized in excess of payments made through December 31, 2014 and 2013. At December 31, 2014 the maximum
amount we could have to pay under all effective minimum revenue guarantees was $44 million.    Professional Liability
Claims    Reserves for professional liability risks were $1.407 billion and $1.279 billion at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The current portion of the reserves, $329 million and $330 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is included in “other accrued expenses” in the consolidated
balance sheets. Provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $395 million, $314 million and $331 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and are included in “other operating expenses” in our
consolidated income statements. Provisions for losses related to professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. Loss and loss expense reserves represent the estimated ultimate net cost of all reported and unreported
losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. The reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses are estimated using individual case-basis valuations and actuarial analyses. Those estimates are subject to the effects of
trends in loss severity and frequency. The estimates are continually reviewed and adjustments are recorded as experience develops or new information becomes known. Adjustments to the estimated reserve amounts are included in current operating
results. The reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,700 individual claims and 2,600 individual claims at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and estimates for unreported potential claims. The time period required
to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated. During 2014 and 2013, $268 million and $307 million, respectively, of net payments were made for professional and general
liability claims. The estimation of the timing of payments beyond a year can vary significantly. Although considerable variability is inherent in professional liability reserve estimates, we believe the reserves for losses and loss expenses are
adequate; however, there can be no assurance the ultimate liability will not exceed our estimates.    A portion
of our professional liability risks is insured through a 100% owned insurance subsidiary. Subject to a $5 million per occurrence self-insured retention (effective January 1, 2015, the self-insured retention increased to $15 million per
occurrence), our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence. The insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of
$15 million per occurrence. We also maintain professional liability insurance with unrelated commercial carriers for losses in excess of amounts insured by our insurance subsidiary.  
      F-14
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  
 Professional Liability Claims (continued)      
  The obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts
are included in the reserves for professional liability risks, as we remain liable to the extent the reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations under the reinsurance and excess insurance contracts. The amounts receivable
under the reinsurance contracts include $20 million and $19 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, recorded in “other assets”, and $5 million at both December 31, 2014 and 2013 recorded in “other
current assets”.    Financial Instruments  
 Derivative financial instruments are employed to manage risks, including interest rate and foreign currency exposures, and
are not used for trading or speculative purposes. We recognize derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements and foreign exchange contracts, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives
are recognized periodically either in earnings or in stockholders’ equity, as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, and if so, whether it
qualifies as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. Generally, changes in fair values of derivatives accounted for as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings, along with the changes in the fair value of the hedged items related to the hedged
risk. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, to the extent they are effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), and subsequently reclassified to earnings to offset the impact of the forecasted transactions
when they occur. In the event the forecasted transaction to which a cash flow hedge relates is no longer likely, the amount in other comprehensive income (loss) is recognized in earnings and generally the derivative is terminated. Changes in the
fair value of derivatives not qualifying as hedges, and for any portion of a hedge that is ineffective, are reported in earnings.    The net interest paid or received on interest rate swaps is recognized as interest expense. Gains and losses resulting from the early termination of interest rate swap agreements are deferred and
amortized as adjustments to interest expense over the remaining term of the debt originally associated with the terminated swap.    Electronic Health Record Incentive Payments    The American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides for Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments for eligible hospitals and professionals that adopt and meaningfully use certified electronic health record (“EHR”) technology. We recognize income
related to Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period and the cost report information
for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.  
 Medicaid EHR incentive calculations and related payment amounts are based upon prior period cost report information
available at the time our eligible hospitals adopt, implement or demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period, and are not subject to revision for cost report data filed for a subsequent period. Thus, incentive
income recognition occurs at the point our eligible hospitals adopt, implement or demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period, as the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the
final calculation of the incentive payment is known at that time.    Medicare EHR incentive calculations and
related initial payment amounts are based upon the most current filed cost report information available at the time our eligible hospitals demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period. However, unlike Medicaid,
this initial payment amount will be  
      F-15
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)    Electronic
Health Record Incentive Payments (continued)      
  
adjusted based upon an updated calculation using the annual cost report information for the cost report period that began during the applicable payment year. Thus, incentive income recognition
occurs at the point our eligible hospitals demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive
payment is available.    We recognized $125 million ($118 million Medicare and $7 million Medicaid),
$216 million ($183 million Medicare and $33 million Medicaid) and $336 million ($252 million Medicare and $84 million Medicaid) of electronic health record incentive income during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had $39 million and $78 million, respectively, of deferred EHR incentive income, which represent initial incentive payments received for which EHR incentive income has not been recognized.
   Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Entities  
 The consolidated financial statements include all assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of less than 100% owned
entities that we control. Accordingly, we have recorded noncontrolling interests in the earnings and equity of such entities.  
 Reclassifications    Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2014 presentation.  
  NOTE 2 — SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION  
  Stock Incentive Plan    The 2006 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of HCA Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, as Amended and Restated (the “Stock Incentive Plan”), is designed to promote the long term financial
interests and growth of the Company by attracting and retaining management and other personnel and to motivate them to achieve long range goals and further the alignment of interests of participants with those of our stockholders through
opportunities for increased stock, or stock-based, ownership in the Company. Portions of the options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) and restricted share units (“RSUs”) granted under the Stock Incentive Plan vest solely based
upon continued employment over a specific period of time, and portions of the options, SARs and RSUs vest based both upon continued employment over a specific period of time and upon the achievement of predetermined financial targets over time. We
granted 3,445,000 and 4,864,000 SARs and 3,832,100 and 4,858,800 RSUs under the Stock Incentive Plan during 2014 and 2013, respectively. At December 31, 2014, there were 19,803,200 stock options and SARs outstanding and exercisable, and there
were 27,220,900 shares available for future grants under the Stock Incentive Plan.    Employee Stock Purchase Plan
   The HCA Holdings, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) was approved by the stockholders of
the Company during the April 2014 Annual Meeting with 12,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance thereunder. The ESPP provides our participating employees an opportunity to obtain shares of our
 
      F-16
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 2 — SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)  
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (continued)      
  
common stock at a discount (through payroll deductions over three-month periods). At December 31, 2014, 11,772,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the ESPP
provisions. During 2014, the Company recognized $2 million of compensation expense related to the ESPP.    Stock Option, SAR
and RSU Activity    The fair value of each stock option and SAR award is estimated on the grant date, using
valuation models and the weighted average assumptions indicated in the following table. Awards under the Stock Incentive Plan generally vest based on continued employment (“Time Stock Options and SARs” and “Time RSUs”) and based
upon achievement of certain financial targets (“Performance Stock Options and SARs” and “Performance RSUs”). Each grant is valued as a single award with an expected term equal to the average expected term of the component vesting
tranches. We use historical exercise behavior data and other factors to estimate the expected term of the options and SARs. The expected term of the share-based award is limited by the contractual term, and employee post-vesting termination behavior
is incorporated in the historical exercise behavior data.    Compensation cost is recognized on the
straight-line attribution method. The straight-line attribution method requires that total compensation expense recognized must at least equal the vested portion of the grant-date fair value. The expected volatility is derived using historical stock
price information for our common stock and that of certain peer group companies. The risk-free interest rate is the approximate yield on United States Treasury Strips having a life equal to the expected share-based award life on the date of grant.
The expected life is an estimate of the number of years a share-based award will be held before it is exercised.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.96 
 %  
   
   
 1.20 
 %  
   
   
 1.18 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
 
   Expected life, in years 
    
   
 6.25 
    
   
   
 6.25 
    
   
   
 6.25 
    
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
      F-17
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 2 — SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)    Stock
Option, SAR and RSU Activity (continued)      
  Information regarding Time Stock Options and SARs and Performance Stock
Options and SARs activity during 2014, 2013 and 2012 is summarized below (share amounts in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Time Stock Options and SARs 
   
   
 Performance Stock Options and SARs 
   
   
 Total Stock Options and SARs 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 
   
   
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value (dollars in millions) 
   


 
   Options outstanding, December 31, 2011 
   
   
 21,739 
    
   
   
 24,573 
    
   
   
 46,312 
    
   
 $ 
 9.26 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 3,174 
    
   
   
 3,174 
    
   
   
 6,348 
    
   
   
 27.03 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (5,530 
 )  
   
   
 (5,128 
 )  
   
   
 (10,658 
 )  
   
   
 7.60 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cancelled 
   
   
 (192 
 )  
   
   
 (568 
 )  
   
   
 (760 
 )  
   
   
 9.49 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Options outstanding, December 31, 2012 
   
   
 19,191 
    
   
   
 22,051 
    
   
   
 41,242 
    
   
   
 11.56 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 2,432 
    
   
   
 2,432 
    
   
   
 4,864 
    
   
   
 37.49 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (4,498 
 )  
   
   
 (5,843 
 )  
   
   
 (10,341 
 )  
   
   
 8.49 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cancelled 
   
   
 (316 
 )  
   
   
 (263 
 )  
   
   
 (579 
 )  
   
   
 25.50 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Options and SARs outstanding, December 31, 2013 
   
   
 16,809 
    
   
   
 18,377 
    
   
   
 35,186 
    
   
   
 15.82 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 1,723 
    
   
   
 1,722 
    
   
   
 3,445 
    
   
   
 48.56 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (3,322 
 )  
   
   
 (5,234 
 )  
   
   
 (8,556 
 )  
   
   
 9.15 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cancelled 
   
   
 (159 
 )  
   
   
 (121 
 )  
   
   
 (280 
 )  
   
   
 29.54 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Options and SARs outstanding, December 31, 2014 
   
   
 15,051 
    
   
   
 14,744 
    
   
   
 29,795 
    
   
   
 21.39 
    
   
   
 5.3 years 
    
   
 $ 
 1,549 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Options and SARs exercisable, December 31, 2014 
   
   
 10,102 
    
   
   
 9,796 
    
   
   
 19,898 
    
   
 $ 
 13.79 
    
   
   
 3.9 years 
    
   
 $ 
 1,186 
    
   The weighted average fair values of stock options and SARs granted during 2014, 2013 and
2012 were $19.13, $16.68 and $13.16 per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options and SARs exercised in the year ended December 31, 2014 was $412 million. As of December 31, 2014, the unrecognized compensation
cost related to nonvested stock options and SARs was $110 million.  
      F-18
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 2 — SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)    Stock
Option, SAR and RSU Activity (continued)      
  Information regarding Time RSUs and Performance RSUs activity during
2014, 2013 and 2012 is summarized below (share amounts in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Time RSUs 
   
    
 Performance RSUs 
   
    
 Total RSUs 
   
   
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   


 
   RSUs outstanding, December 31, 2011 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 80 
    
   
 $ 
 30.00 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 3,162 
    
    
   
 1,485 
    
    
   
 4,647 
    
   
   
 26.98 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 30.00 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (164 
 )  
    
   
 (75 
 )  
    
   
 (239 
 )  
   
   
 26.99 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   RSUs outstanding, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 3,074 
    
    
   
 1,410 
    
    
   
 4,484 
    
   
   
 27.03 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 3,305 
    
    
   
 1,554 
    
    
   
 4,859 
    
   
   
 37.43 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (831 
 )  
    
   
 (352 
 )  
    
   
 (1,183 
 )  
   
   
 27.30 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (449 
 )  
    
   
 (213 
 )  
    
   
 (662 
 )  
   
   
 31.91 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   RSUs outstanding, December 31, 2013 
    
   
 5,099 
    
    
   
 2,399 
    
    
   
 7,498 
    
   
   
 33.30 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 2,603 
    
    
   
 1,229 
    
    
   
 3,832 
    
   
   
 48.53 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1,423 
 )  
    
   
 (692 
 )  
    
   
 (2,115 
 )  
   
   
 32.56 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (384 
 )  
    
   
 (155 
 )  
    
   
 (539 
 )  
   
   
 38.30 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   RSUs outstanding, December 31, 2014 
    
   
 5,895 
    
    
   
 2,781 
    
    
   
 8,676 
    
   
   
 39.89 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   As of December 31, 2014, the unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs was
$243 million.    During 2012, our Board of Directors declared three distributions to the Company’s
stockholders and holders of certain vested share-based awards. The distributions totaled $6.50 per share and vested share-based award (subject to limitations for certain awards), or $3.142 billion in the aggregate. Pursuant to the terms of our
share-based award plans, the holders of nonvested stock options and SARs received $6.50 per share reductions to the exercise price of the applicable share-based awards (subject to certain limitations for certain share-based awards that resulted in
deferred distributions for a portion of the declared distribution, which will be paid upon the vesting of the applicable share-based award). The holders of any nonvested RSUs will be paid the applicable distribution amounts upon the vesting of the
applicable RSUs. There were no distributions declared during 2014 and 2013.  
  NOTE 3 — ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS  
  During 2014, we paid $161 million to acquire three hospitals, and we paid $605 million to acquire
nonhospital health care entities. During 2013, we paid $146 million to acquire three hospitals, and we paid $335 million to acquire nonhospital health care entities. During 2012, we paid $58 million to acquire a hospital and paid
$200 million to acquire nonhospital health care entities. Purchase price amounts have been allocated to the related assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. The purchase price paid in excess of the fair
value of identifiable net assets of these acquired entities aggregated $542 million, $253 million and $232 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and operations of the
acquired entities subsequent to the respective acquisition dates. The pro forma effects of these acquired entities on our results of operations for periods prior to the respective acquisition dates were not significant.  
      F-19
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 3 — ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (continued)      
  During 2014, we received proceeds of $51 million and recognized a net
pretax gain of $29 million ($18 million after tax) related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. During 2013, we received proceeds of $33 million and recognized a net pretax loss of $10 million ($7
million after tax) related to the sale of a hospital facility and sales of real estate and other investments. During 2012, we received proceeds of $30 million and recognized a net pretax gain of $15 million ($9 million after tax)
related to sales of real estate and other investments.  
  NOTE 4 — INCOME TAXES  
  The provision for income taxes consists of the following (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 916 
    
    
 $ 
 827 
    
    
 $ 
 604 
    
 
   State 
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 86 
    
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 52 
    
    
   
 44 
    
    
   
 43 
    
 
   Deferred: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 (53 
 )  
    
   
 167 
    
 
   State 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 20 
    
    
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 40 
    
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 24 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
     1,108 
    
    
 $ 
 950 
    
    
 $ 
 888 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The provision for income taxes reflects $9 million ($6 million net of tax) of
interest expense related to taxing authority examinations and $4 million and $53 million ($3 million and $33 million net of tax, respectively) of reductions in interest related to taxing authority examinations for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Our foreign income before income taxes was $238 million, $187 million and $178 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective income tax rate follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Federal statutory rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
    
   
 2.3 
    
   
   
 2.3 
    
   
   
 2.2 
    
 
   Change in liability for uncertain tax positions 
    
   
 0.5 
    
   
   
 0.5 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Tax exempt interest income 
    
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
   Other items, net 
    
   
 (0.5 
 )  
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 (1.4 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective income tax rate on income applicable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
   
 37.2 
    
   
   
 37.9 
    
   
   
 35.6 
    
 
   Income attributable to noncontrolling interests from consolidated partnerships 
    
   
 (5.4 
 )  
   
   
 (5.7 
 )  
   
   
 (4.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective income tax rate on income before income taxes 
    
   
 31.8 
 %  
   
   
 32.2 
 %  
   
   
 30.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-20
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 4 — INCOME TAXES (continued)      
  A summary of the items comprising the deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 31 follows (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Assets 
   
    
 Liabilities 
   
    
 Assets 
   
    
 Liabilities 
   


 
   Depreciation and fixed asset basis differences 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 226 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 229 
    
 
   Allowances for professional liability and other risks 
    
   
 403 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 365 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 341 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 423 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 272 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 240 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 756 
    
    
   
 745 
    
    
   
 638 
    
    
   
 698 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
     1,772 
    
    
 $ 
     971 
    
    
 $ 
 1,666 
    
    
 $ 
 927 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At December 31, 2014, federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (expiring
in years 2015 through 2030) available to offset future taxable income approximated $120 million and $5 million, respectively. Utilization of net operating loss carryforwards in any one year may be limited.  
 The following table summarizes the activity related to our unrecognized tax benefits (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Balance at January 1 
    
 $ 
 445 
    
    
 $ 
 425 
    
 
   Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 21 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 72 
    
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
    
   
 (18 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Lapse of applicable statutes of limitations 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31 
    
 $ 
     503 
    
    
 $ 
 445 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   During 2014, the IRS Examination Division began an audit of HCA Holding’s
Inc.’s 2011 and 2012 federal income tax returns. We are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities. During 2013, we finalized settlements with the IRS resolving all outstanding issues for HCA Inc.’s 2007, 2008 and
2009 tax years.    Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits was $548 million, including accrued interest
of $58 million and excluding $13 million that was recorded as reductions of the related deferred tax assets, as of December 31, 2014 ($462 million, $30 million and $13 million, respectively, as of December 31,
2013). Unrecognized tax benefits of $205 million ($160 million as of December 31, 2013) would affect the effective rate, if recognized.    Depending on the resolution of any IRS, state and foreign tax disputes, the completion of examinations by federal, state or foreign taxing authorities, or the expiration of statutes of limitation for
specific taxing jurisdictions, we believe it is reasonably possible that our liability for unrecognized tax benefits may significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. However, we are currently unable to estimate the range of any
possible change.  
      F-21
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
   

  NOTE 5 — EARNINGS PER SHARE  
  We compute basic earnings per share using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. We
compute diluted earnings per share using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options, SARs and RSUs, computed using the treasury stock method. During November 2013, May 2014 and
the fourth quarter of 2014, we repurchased 10,656,436 shares, 14,554,628 shares and 14,028,591 shares, respectively, of our common stock. The following table sets forth the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in millions, except per share amounts, and shares in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc 
    
 $ 
 1,875 
    
    
 $ 
 1,556 
    
    
 $ 
 1,605 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding 
    
   
 435,668 
    
    
   
 445,066 
    
    
   
 440,178 
    
 
   Effect of dilutive incremental shares 
    
   
 14,684 
    
    
   
 16,847 
    
    
   
 19,225 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Shares used for diluted earnings per share 
    
   
 450,352 
    
    
   
 461,913 
    
    
   
 459,403 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 4.30 
    
    
 $ 
 3.50 
    
    
 $ 
 3.65 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 4.16 
    
    
 $ 
 3.37 
    
    
 $ 
 3.49 
    
 
  NOTE 6 — INVESTMENTS OF INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES  
  A summary of the insurance subsidiaries’ investments at December 31 follows (dollars in
millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Unrealized Amounts 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
    
 Gains 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   


 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   States and municipalities 
    
 $ 
 477 
    
    
 $ 
 18 
    
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 494 
    
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 61 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 61 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 538 
    
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 555 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 539 
    
    
 $ 
 20 
    
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 558 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts classified as current assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (64 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment carrying value 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 494 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Unrealized Amounts 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
    
 Gains 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   


 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   States and municipalities 
    
 $ 
 404 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 412 
    
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 94 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 94 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 498 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 506 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 500 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 510 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts classified as current assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (62 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment carrying value 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 448 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
      F-22
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 6 — INVESTMENTS OF INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES (continued)      
  At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the investments of our insurance
subsidiaries were classified as “available-for-sale.” Changes in temporary unrealized gains and losses are recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income (loss).  
 Scheduled maturities of investments in debt securities at December 31, 2014 were as follows (dollars in millions):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 82 
    
    
 $ 
 82 
    
 
   Due after one year through five years 
    
   
 229 
    
    
   
 234 
    
 
   Due after five years through ten years 
    
   
 109 
    
    
   
 116 
    
 
   Due after ten years 
    
   
 118 
    
    
   
 123 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 538 
    
    
 $ 
 555 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The average expected maturity of the investments in debt securities at December 31,
2014 was 3.8 years, compared to the average scheduled maturity of 5.6 years. Expected and scheduled maturities may differ because the issuers of certain securities have the right to call, prepay or otherwise redeem such obligations prior
to their scheduled maturity date.  
  NOTE 7 — FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  Interest Rate Swap Agreements  
 We have entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These swap
agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. Pay-fixed interest rate swaps effectively convert LIBOR indexed variable rate obligations
to fixed interest rate obligations. The interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. The net interest payments, based on the notional amounts in these agreements, generally match the timing of the related liabilities, for the
interest rate swap agreements which have been designated as cash flow hedges. The notional amounts of the swap agreements represent amounts used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. Our credit risk related
to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions.  
 The following table sets forth our interest rate swap agreements, which have been designated as cash flow hedges, at
December 31, 2014 (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Maturity Date 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Pay-fixed interest rate swaps 
    
 $ 
 3,000 
    
    
   
 December 2016 
    
    
 $ 
 (166 
 )  
 
   Pay-fixed interest rate swaps 
    
   
 1,000 
    
    
   
 December 2017 
    
    
   
 (33 
 )  
   During the next 12 months, we estimate $117 million will be reclassified from
other comprehensive income (“OCI”) to interest expense.  
      F-23
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 7 — FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)      
  Derivatives — Results of Operations  
 The following table presents the effect of our interest rate swaps on our results of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2014 (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
    
 Amount of Loss Recognized in OCI on Derivatives, Net of 
Tax 
   
    
 Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into
Operations 
   
    
 Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into
Operations 
   


 
   Interest rate swaps 
    
 $ 
     23 
    
    
   
 Interest expense 
    
    
 $ 
     132 
    
   Credit-risk-related Contingent Features  
 We have agreements with each of our derivative counterparties that contain a provision where we could be declared in
default on our derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to our default on the indebtedness. As of December 31, 2014, we have not been required to post any collateral related to these
agreements. If we had breached these provisions at December 31, 2014, we would have been required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their aggregate, estimated termination value of $206 million.  
  NOTE 8 — ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE  
  Accounting Standards Codification 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  (“ASC
820”) emphasizes fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based on the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As
a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820 utilizes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the
reporting entity (observable inputs classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy).
   Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in
active markets, as well as inputs observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity’s own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different
levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.    Cash Traded Investments    Our cash traded investments are
generally classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency.
Certain types of cash traded instruments are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because they trade infrequently and therefore have little or no price  
      F-24
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 8 — ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (continued)    Cash Traded Investments (continued)      
  
transparency. The valuation of these securities involves management’s judgment, after consideration of market factors and the absence of market transparency, market liquidity and observable
inputs. Our valuation models derived fair market values compared to tax-equivalent yields of other securities of similar credit worthiness and similar effective maturities.    Derivative Financial Instruments    We have entered into
interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows
of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. We incorporate credit valuation
adjustments to reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements of these instruments.  
 Although we determined the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair
value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with our derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties. We assessed the
significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivative positions, and at December 31, 2014 and 2013, we determined the credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation
of our derivatives.    The following tables summarize our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
 
   
    
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets and Liabilities (Level
1) 
   
   
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
   
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   States and municipalities 
    
 $ 
 494 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 488 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 61 
    
   
   
 61 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 555 
    
   
   
 61 
    
   
   
 488 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries 
    
   
 558 
    
   
   
 64 
    
   
   
 488 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Less amounts classified as current assets 
    
   
 (64 
 )  
   
   
 (61 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 494 
    
   
 $ 
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 485 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps (Income taxes and other liabilities) 
    
 $ 
 199 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 199 
    
   
 $ 
  — 
    
 
      F-25
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 8 — ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
 
   
    
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets and Liabilities (Level
1) 
   
   
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   States and municipalities 
    
 $ 
 412 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 405 
    
    
 $ 
 7 
    
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 94 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 506 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 405 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries 
    
   
 510 
    
   
   
 97 
    
   
   
 405 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Less amounts classified as current assets 
    
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 448 
    
   
 $ 
 35 
    
   
 $ 
 405 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps (Income taxes and other liabilities) 
    
 $ 
 295 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 295 
    
    
 $ 
  — 
    
   The following table summarizes the activity related to the investments of our insurance
subsidiaries which have fair value measurements based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the year ended December 31, 2014 (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Asset balances at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
  8 
    
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Asset balances at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was $30.861 billion and $29.603
billion at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, compared to carrying amounts aggregating $29.645 billion and $28.376 billion, respectively. The estimates of fair value are generally based upon the quoted market prices or quoted
market prices for similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities.  
      F-26
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
   

  NOTE 9 — LONG-TERM DEBT  
  A summary of long-term debt at December 31, including related interest rates at December 31,
2014, follows (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (effective interest rate of 1.7%) 
    
 $ 
 2,880 
    
    
 $ 
 2,440 
    
 
   Senior secured revolving credit facility 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Senior secured term loan facilities (effective interest rate of 5.2%) 
    
   
 5,517 
    
    
   
 5,598 
    
 
   Senior secured notes (effective interest rate of 5.5%) 
    
   
 11,100 
    
    
   
 9,695 
    
 
   Other senior secured debt (effective interest rate of 6.3%) 
    
   
 573 
    
    
   
 448 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Senior secured debt 
    
   
 20,070 
    
    
   
 18,181 
    
 
   Senior unsecured notes (effective interest rate of 7.2%) 
    
   
 9,575 
    
    
   
 10,195 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt (average life of 6.1 years, rates averaging 5.6%) 
    
   
 29,645 
    
    
   
 28,376 
    
 
   Less amounts due within one year 
    
   
 338 
    
    
   
 786 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 29,307 
    
    
 $ 
 27,590 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   2015 Activity  
 During January 2015, we issued $1.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2025. We used a
portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior unsecured notes due 2015.    2014 Activity    During October 2014, we
issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior secured notes due 2019 and $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior secured notes due 2025. During November 2014, we used a portion of the proceeds from the October 2014
debt issuances to redeem all $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 7 1 / 4 % senior
secured notes due 2020. The pretax loss on retirement of debt related to this redemption was $109 million.    During March 2014, we issued $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes due 2019 and $2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes due 2024, and
repaid at maturity all $500 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.75% senior unsecured notes. During April 2014, we used proceeds from the March 2014 debt issuance to redeem all $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of our
outstanding 8 1 / 2 % senior secured notes due 2019 and all $1.250 billion aggregate
principal amount of our outstanding 7 7 / 8 % senior secured notes due 2020. The pretax loss on retirement of debt
related to these redemptions was $226 million.    2013 Activity  
 During March 2013, we redeemed all $201 million aggregate principal amount of our 9 7 / 8 % senior secured second lien notes due 2017, at a redemption price of 104.938% of the principal amount. The pretax loss on
retirement of debt related to this redemption was $17 million.    During November 2013, our $329 million senior
secured European term loan facility matured.  
      F-27
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 9 — LONG-TERM DEBT (continued)      
  Senior Secured Credit Facilities And Other Senior Secured Debt  
 We have entered into the following senior secured credit facilities: (i) a $3.250 billion asset-based revolving
credit facility maturing on March 7, 2019 with a borrowing base of 85% of eligible accounts receivable, subject to customary reserves and eligibility criteria ($2.880 billion outstanding at December 31, 2014) (the “ABL credit
facility”); (ii) a $2.000 billion senior secured revolving credit facility maturing on February 26, 2019 (none outstanding at December 31, 2014 without giving effect to certain outstanding letters of credit); (iii) a $482
million senior secured term loan A-2 facility maturing on May 2, 2016; (iv) a $717 million senior secured term loan A-4 facility maturing on February 2, 2016; (v) a $2.343 billion senior secured term loan B-4 facility maturing on
May 1, 2018; and (vi) a $1.975 billion senior secured term loan B-5 facility maturing on March 31, 2017. We refer to the facilities described under (ii) through (vi) above, collectively, as the “cash flow credit
facility” and, together with the ABL credit facility, the “senior secured credit facilities.”  
 Borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a
base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% or (2) the prime rate of Bank of America or (b) a LIBOR rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period, plus, in each
case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin for borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities may be reduced subject to attaining certain leverage ratios.  
 The senior secured credit facilities contain a number of covenants that restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our (and
some or all of our subsidiaries’) ability to incur additional indebtedness, repay subordinated indebtedness, create liens on assets, sell assets, make investments, loans or advances, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, pay dividends
and distributions, and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. In addition, we are required to satisfy and maintain a maximum total leverage ratio covenant under the cash flow credit facility and, in certain situations under the ABL credit
facility, a minimum interest coverage ratio covenant.    Senior secured notes consist of (i) $1.500 billion
aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes due 2019; (ii) $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.25% senior secured notes due 2019; (iii) $3.000 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.50% senior secured notes
due 2020; (iv) $1.350 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior secured notes due 2022; (v) $1.250 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior secured notes due 2023; (vi) $2.000 billion aggregate principal amount of
5.00% senior secured notes due 2024; and (vii) $1.400 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior secured notes due 2025. Capital leases and other secured debt totaled $573 million at December 31, 2014.  
 We use interest rate swap agreements to manage the variable rate exposure of our debt portfolio. At December 31,
2014, we had entered into effective interest rate swap agreements, in a total notional amount of $4.000 billion, in order to hedge a portion of our exposure to variable rate interest payments associated with the senior secured credit
facilities. The effect of the interest rate swaps is reflected in the effective interest rates for the senior secured credit facilities.    Senior Unsecured Notes    Senior unsecured notes consist of
(i) $6.041 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes with maturities ranging from 2016 to 2033; (ii) an aggregate principal amount of $125 million medium-term notes maturing 2025; (iii) an aggregate principal amount of
$886 million debentures with maturities ranging from 2015 to 2095; (iv) an aggregate principal amount of $1.525 billion senior notes due 2021 issued by HCA Holdings,  
      F-28
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 9 — LONG-TERM DEBT (continued)    Senior
Unsecured Notes (continued)      
  
Inc.; (v) an aggregate principal amount of $1.000 billion senior notes due 2021 issued by HCA Holdings, Inc.; and (vi) $2 million of unamortized debt discounts that reduce the
indebtedness.    General Debt Information  
 The senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by substantially
all existing and future, direct and indirect, 100% owned material domestic subsidiaries that are “Unrestricted Subsidiaries” under our Indenture (the “1993 Indenture”) dated December 16, 1993 (except for certain special
purpose subsidiaries that only guarantee and pledge their assets under our ABL credit facility).    All
obligations under the ABL credit facility, and the guarantees of those obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by a first-priority lien on substantially all of the receivables of the borrowers and each guarantor
under such ABL credit facility (the “Receivables Collateral”).    All obligations under the cash flow
credit facility and the guarantees of such obligations are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a first-priority lien on the capital stock owned by HCA Inc., or by any U.S. guarantor, in each of their respective first-tier subsidiaries;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a first-priority lien on substantially all present and future assets of HCA Inc. and of each U.S. guarantor other than (i) “Principal
Properties” (as defined in the 1993 Indenture), (ii) certain other real properties and (iii) deposit accounts, other bank or securities accounts, cash, leaseholds, motor-vehicles and certain other exceptions; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a second-priority lien on certain of the Receivables Collateral.  
 Our senior secured notes and the related guarantees are secured by first-priority liens, subject to permitted liens, on
our and our subsidiary guarantors’ assets, subject to certain exceptions, that secure our cash flow credit facility on a first-priority basis and are secured by second-priority liens, subject to permitted liens, on our and our subsidiary
guarantors’ assets that secure our ABL credit facility on a first-priority basis and our other cash flow credit facility on a second-priority basis.    Maturities of long-term debt in years 2016 through 2019, excluding amounts under the ABL credit facility, are $2.306 billion, $2.053 billion, $2.830 billion and $2.137 billion, respectively.
 
  NOTE 10 — CONTINGENCIES AND LEGAL CLAIM COSTS  
  We operate in a highly regulated and litigious industry. As a result, various lawsuits, claims and
legal and regulatory proceedings have been and can be expected to be instituted or asserted against us. We are subject to claims for additional taxes and related interest and penalties. We are also subject to claims and suits arising in the ordinary
course of business, including claims for personal injuries or wrongful restriction of, or interference with, physicians’ staff privileges. In certain of these actions the claimants may seek punitive damages against us which may not be covered
by insurance. The resolution of any such lawsuits, claims or legal and regulatory proceedings could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.  
      F-29
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 10 — CONTINGENCIES AND LEGAL CLAIM COSTS (continued)      
  Government Investigations, Claims and Litigation  
 Health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various governmental agencies. Further, under the federal
False Claims Act (“FCA”), private parties have the right to bring  qui tam , or “whistleblower,” suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Some
states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. Certain of our individual facilities have received, and from time to time, other facilities may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by,
federal and state agencies. Depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations and liquidity.    As initially disclosed in 2010, the Civil Division of the Department of Justice
(“DOJ”) has contacted the Company in connection with its nationwide review of whether, in certain cases, hospital charges to the federal government relating to implantable cardio-defibrillators (“ICDs”) met the CMS criteria. In
connection with this nationwide review, the DOJ has indicated that it will be reviewing certain ICD billing and medical records at 95 HCA hospitals; the review covers the period from October 2003 to the present. In August 2012, HCA, along with
non-HCA hospitals across the country subject to the DOJ’s review, received from the DOJ a proposed framework for resolving the DOJ’s review of ICDs. The Company is cooperating in the review. The review could potentially give rise to claims
against the Company under the federal FCA or other statutes, regulations or laws. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, this review or any resulting claims could have on the Company.  
 In July 2012, the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Miami requested information on reviews assessing
the medical necessity of interventional cardiology services provided at any Company facility (other than peer reviews). The Company cooperated with the government’s request and produced medical records associated with particular reviews at
eight hospitals, located primarily in Florida. On February 23, 2015, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida unsealed a  qui tam  action which had been filed under seal on February 16, 2012, and that alleges
particular False Claims Act violations relating to two specific facilities that were among the subjects of the Miami U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation. On January 30, 2015, the U.S. Attorney’s Office filed with the District Court a
formal notice that the Department of Justice had declined to intervene in that action. The U.S. Attorney’s Office in Miami is continuing its evaluation of the medical necessity of certain interventional cardiology services at the other
hospitals for which the Company produced records. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, the  qui tam  action, or any claims that might result from the U.S. Attorney’s continued review, including any potential claims under
the federal FCA, other statutes, regulations or laws, could have on the Company.    On April 2, 2014, the
UK Competition and Markets Authority (“Authority”) issued a final report on its investigation of the private health care market in London. It concluded, among other things, that many private hospitals face little competition in
central London, and that there are high barriers to entry. As part of its remedies package, the Authority ordered HCA to sell either: (a) its London Bridge and Princess Grace hospitals; or (b) its Wellington Hospital, including the
Hospital Platinum Medical Centre. It also imposed other remedial conditions on HCA and other private health care providers, including: regulation of incentives to referring physicians; increased access to information about fees and performance; and
restrictions on future arrangements between private providers and National Health Service private patient units. HCA disagrees with the Authority’s assessment of the competitive conditions for hospitals in London, as well as its proposed
divestiture remedy, and appealed the decision to the Competition Appeal Tribunal. The Competition Appeal Tribunal overturned certain of the Authority’s findings and sent the matter back to the Authority for further proceedings.  
      F-30
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 10 — CONTINGENCIES AND LEGAL CLAIM COSTS (continued)      
  Securities Class Action Litigation  
 On October 28, 2011, a shareholder action, Schuh v. HCA Holdings, Inc. et al., was filed in the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee seeking monetary relief. The case sought to include as a class all persons who acquired the Company’s stock pursuant or traceable to the Company’s Registration Statement issued in
connection with the March 9, 2011 initial public offering. The lawsuit asserted a claim under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the Company, certain members of the board of directors, and certain underwriters in the
offering. It further asserted a claim under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors. The action alleged various deficiencies in the Company’s disclosures in the Registration Statement.
Subsequently, two additional class action complaints, Kishtah v. HCA Holdings, Inc. et al. and Daniels v. HCA Holdings, Inc. et al., setting forth substantially similar claims against substantially the same defendants were filed in the same
federal court on November 16, 2011 and December 12, 2011, respectively. All three of the cases were consolidated. On May 3, 2012, the court appointed New England Teamsters & Trucking Industry Pension Fund as Lead Plaintiff
for the consolidated action. On July 13, 2012, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint asserting claims under Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 against the Company, certain members of the board of directors, and
certain underwriters in the offering. It further asserts a claim under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors and Hercules Holding II, LLC, a majority shareholder of the Company at the time
of the initial public offering. The consolidated complaint alleges deficiencies in the Company’s disclosures in the Registration Statement and Prospectus relating to: (1) the accounting for the Company’s 2006 recapitalization and 2010
reorganization; (2) the Company’s failure to maintain effective internal controls relating to its accounting for such transactions; and (3) the Company’s Medicare and Medicaid revenue growth rates. The Company and other
defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint on September 11, 2012. The court granted the motion in part on May 28, 2013. The action proceeded to discovery on the remaining claims. The plaintiffs’ motion for class certification
was granted on September 22, 2014. The court certified a class consisting of all persons that acquired HCA stock on or before October 28, 2011 (the date of the lawsuit) pursuant to the Registration Statement issued in connection with the
March 9, 2011 initial public offering. A request to the court of appeals to hear an immediate appeal of this ruling was denied.    In addition to the above described shareholder class actions, on December 8, 2011, a federal shareholder derivative action, Sutton v. Bracken, et al., putatively initiated in the name of the Company,
was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee against certain officers and present and former directors of the Company seeking monetary relief. The action alleges breaches of fiduciary duties by the named
officers and directors in connection with the accounting and earnings claims set forth in the shareholder class actions described above. Setting forth substantially similar claims against substantially the same defendants, an additional federal
derivative action, Schroeder v. Bracken, et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee on December 16, 2011, and a state derivative action, Bagot v. Bracken, et al., was filed in Tennessee state
court in the Davidson County Circuit Court on December 20, 2011. The federal derivative actions were consolidated in the Middle District of Tennessee and stayed pending developments in the shareholder class actions. The state derivative action
had also been stayed pending developments in the shareholder class actions, but that stay has expired. The plaintiff in the state derivative action subsequently filed an amended complaint on September 9, 2013 that added additional allegations
made in the shareholder class actions. On September 24, 2013, an additional state derivative action, Steinberg v. Bracken, et al., was filed in Tennessee state court in the Davidson County Circuit Court. This action against our board of
directors has been consolidated with the earlier filed state derivative action. The plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a consolidated complaint on December 4, 2013. The Company filed a motion to again stay the state derivative action
pending developments in the class action, but the court has not yet acted on that motion.  
      F-31
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 10 — CONTINGENCIES AND LEGAL CLAIM COSTS (continued)      
  Health Midwest Litigation  
 In October 2009, the Health Care Foundation of Greater Kansas City, a nonprofit health foundation, filed suit against HCA
Inc. in the Circuit Court of Jackson County, Missouri and alleged that HCA did not fund the level of capital expenditures and uncompensated care agreed to in connection with HCA’s purchase of hospitals from Health Midwest in 2003. The central
issue in the case was whether HCA’s construction of new hospitals counted towards its $450 million five-year capital commitments. In addition, the plaintiff alleged that HCA did not make its required capital expenditures in a timely
fashion. On January 24, 2013, the court ruled in favor of the plaintiff and awarded at least $162 million. The court also ordered a court-supervised accounting of HCA’s capital expenditures, as well as of expenditures on charity and
uncompensated care during the ten years following the purchase. The court also indicated it would award plaintiff attorneys fees, which the parties have stipulated are approximately $12 million for the trial phase. HCA recorded $175 million of
legal claim costs in the fourth quarter of 2012 related to this ruling, and consistent with the judge’s order, has been accruing interest on that sum at 9% per annum. On April 25, 2014, the parties stipulated to an additional $78
million shortfall relating to the capital expenditures issue. HCA recorded $78 million of legal claims costs in the first quarter of 2014 as a result of the stipulation, and is accruing interest on that amount at 9% per
annum. Pursuant to the terms of the stipulation, the parties have preserved their respective rights to contest the judge’s underlying ruling, whether through motions in the trial court or on appeal. On February 9, 2015, the parties
reached an agreement to settle the part of their dispute relating to charity and uncompensated care for $15 million. The foundation is required to use that amount, net of attorneys fees, for charitable activities in the Kansas City area. Final
judgment in the case currently is anticipated for sometime in 2015. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, the final judgment could have on the Company. HCA plans to appeal the trial court’s ruling on the capital expenditures
issues once the trial court enters judgment.  
  NOTE 11 — LEASES  
  We lease medical office buildings and certain equipment under operating lease agreements. Commitments
relating to noncancellable operating leases for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the Year Ended December 31, 
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 273 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 257 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 210 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 165 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 131 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 915 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,951 
    
 
   Less sublease income 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,931 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
  NOTE 12 — CAPITAL STOCK  
  The amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the Company to issue up to
1,800,000,000 shares of common stock, and our amended and restated by-laws set the number of directors constituting the board of directors of the Company at not less than three members, the exact number to be determined from time to time by
resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office.  
      F-32
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 12 — CAPITAL STOCK (continued)      
  Share Repurchase Transactions  
 During December 2014, the Company entered into an agreement to repurchase 7,612,921 shares of its common stock
beneficially owned by affiliates of Bain Capital Investors, LLC at a purchase price of $73.26 per share, the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on December 5, 2014, less a discount of 1%. The
repurchase was made pursuant to the Company’s $1.0 billion repurchase program adopted by the Company’s board of directors in October 2014 which was completed during the fourth quarter of 2014 through market purchases of an additional
6,415,670 shares of our common stock at an average purchase price of $68.96 per share (14,028,591 total shares repurchased at an average purchase price of $71.29 per share).  
 During May 2014, certain of the Company’s stockholders, consisting principally of affiliates of, or funds sponsored
by, Bain Capital Partners, LLC and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (the “Selling Stockholders”), sold in an underwritten secondary offering, 15 million shares from their holdings of the Company’s common stock. The Selling
Shareholders received all the proceeds from this offering. Concurrent with the closing of the secondary offering, we repurchased approximately $750 million of additional shares (14,554,628 shares) of our common stock from the Selling Stockholders at
the net offering price ($51.53 per share).    During November 2013, the Selling Stockholders sold in an
underwritten secondary offering, 30 million shares from their holdings of the Company’s common stock. The Selling Stockholders received all of the proceeds from this offering. Concurrent with the closing of the secondary offering, we
repurchased approximately $500 million of additional shares (10,656,436 shares) of our common stock from the Selling Stockholders at the net offering price ($46.92 per share).    Distributions    During 2012, our Board of Directors declared
three distributions to the Company’s stockholders and holders of certain vested share-based awards. The distributions totaled $6.50 per share and vested share-based award (subject to limitations for certain awards), or $3.142 billion in
the aggregate. Pursuant to the terms of our share-based award plans, the holders of nonvested stock options and SARs received $6.50 per share reductions to the exercise price of the applicable share-based awards (subject to certain limitations for
certain share-based awards that resulted in deferred distributions for a portion of the declared distribution, which will be paid upon the vesting of the applicable share-based award). The holders of nonvested RSUs will be paid the applicable
distribution amounts upon the vesting of the applicable RSUs. There were no distributions declared during 2014 and 2013.  
  NOTE 13 — EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS  
  We maintain contributory, defined contribution benefit plans that are available to employees who meet
certain minimum requirements. Certain of the plans require that we match specified percentages of participant contributions up to certain maximum levels (generally, 100% of the first 3% to 9%, depending upon years of vesting service, of compensation
deferred by participants). The cost of these plans totaled $404 million for 2014, $374 million for 2013 and $371 million for 2012. Our contributions are funded periodically during each year.  
      F-33
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 13 — EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued)      
  We maintain the noncontributory, nonqualified Restoration Plan to
provide certain retirement benefits for eligible employees. Eligibility for the Restoration Plan is based upon earning eligible compensation in excess of the Social Security Wage Base and attaining 1,000 or more hours of service during the plan
year. Company credits to participants’ account balances (the Restoration Plan is not funded) depend upon participants’ compensation, years of vesting service and certain IRS limitations related to the HCA 401(k) plan. Benefits expense
under this plan was $20 million for 2014, $29 million for 2013 and $20 million for 2012. Accrued benefits liabilities under this plan totaled $145 million at December 31, 2014 and $137 million at December 31, 2013.
   We maintain a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”) for certain executives (the SERP is
not funded). The plan is designed to ensure that upon retirement the participant receives the value of a prescribed life annuity from the combination of the SERP and our other benefit plans. Benefits expense under the plan was $31 million for
2014, $43 million for 2013 and $51 million for 2012. Accrued benefits liabilities under this plan totaled $231 million at December 31, 2014 and $214 million at December 31, 2013.  
 We maintain defined benefit pension plans which resulted from certain hospital acquisitions in prior years. Benefits
expense under these plans was $13 million for 2014, $37 million for 2013, and $49 million for 2012. Accrued benefits liabilities under these plans totaled $172 million at December 31, 2014 and $81 million at
December 31, 2013.  
  NOTE 14 — SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION  
  We operate in one line of business, which is operating hospitals and related health care entities. We
operate in two geographically organized groups: the National and American Groups. At December 31, 2014, the National Group included 82 hospitals located in Alaska, California, Florida, southern Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, northern Kentucky,
Nevada, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia, and the American Group included 77 hospitals located in Colorado, northern Georgia, Kansas, southern Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. We also operate
seven hospitals in England, and these facilities are included in the Corporate and other group.  
      F-34
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 14 — SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (continued)      
  Adjusted segment EBITDA is defined as income before depreciation and
amortization, interest expense, losses (gains) on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt, legal claim costs, income taxes and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. We use adjusted segment EBITDA as an analytical indicator
for purposes of allocating resources to geographic areas and assessing their performance. Adjusted segment EBITDA is commonly used as an analytical indicator within the health care industry, and also serves as a measure of leverage capacity and debt
service ability. Adjusted segment EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles, and the items excluded from adjusted segment EBITDA are significant components in understanding
and assessing financial performance. Because adjusted segment EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and is thus susceptible to varying calculations, adjusted segment EBITDA, as presented,
may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The geographic distributions of our revenues, equity in earnings of affiliates, adjusted segment EBITDA, depreciation and amortization, assets and goodwill and other
intangible assets are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   National Group 
    
 $ 
 17,325 
    
    
 $ 
 15,968 
    
    
 $ 
 15,505 
    
 
   American Group 
    
   
 17,532 
    
    
   
 16,487 
    
    
   
 16,115 
    
 
   Corporate and other 
    
   
 2,061 
    
    
   
 1,727 
    
    
   
 1,393 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 36,918 
    
    
 $ 
 34,182 
    
    
 $ 
 33,013 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   National Group 
    
 $ 
 (15 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
 
   American Group 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
    
   
 (24 
 )  
    
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Corporate and other 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (43 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (29 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (36 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted segment EBITDA: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   National Group 
    
 $ 
 3,847 
    
    
 $ 
 3,301 
    
    
 $ 
 3,325 
    
 
   American Group 
    
   
 4,025 
    
    
   
 3,662 
    
    
   
 3,575 
    
 
   Corporate and other 
    
   
 (444 
 )  
    
   
 (389 
 )  
    
   
 (369 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,428 
    
    
 $ 
 6,574 
    
    
 $ 
 6,531 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   National Group 
    
 $ 
 749 
    
    
 $ 
 718 
    
    
 $ 
 694 
    
 
   American Group 
    
   
 840 
    
    
   
 835 
    
    
   
 816 
    
 
   Corporate and other 
    
   
 231 
    
    
   
 200 
    
    
   
 169 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,820 
    
    
 $ 
 1,753 
    
    
 $ 
 1,679 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-35
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    NOTE 14 — SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Adjusted segment EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 7,428 
    
    
 $ 
 6,574 
    
    
 $ 
 6,531 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,820 
    
    
   
 1,753 
    
    
   
 1,679 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 1,743 
    
    
   
 1,848 
    
    
   
 1,798 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
    
   
 335 
    
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
    
   
 78 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 175 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 3,481 
    
    
 $ 
 2,946 
    
    
 $ 
 2,894 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   National Group 
    
 $ 
 10,588 
    
    
 $ 
 10,206 
    
    
 $ 
 9,451 
    
 
   American Group 
    
   
 15,091 
    
    
   
 13,911 
    
    
   
 13,744 
    
 
   Corporate and other 
    
   
 5,520 
    
    
   
 4,714 
    
    
   
 4,880 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 31,199 
    
    
 $ 
 28,831 
    
    
 $ 
 28,075 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 National Group 
   
   
 American Group 
   
   
 Corporate and Other 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 991 
    
   
 $ 
 3,988 
    
   
 $ 
 272 
    
   
 $ 
 5,251 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 48 
    
   
   
 200 
    
   
   
 40 
    
   
   
 288 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation, amortization and other 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 1,035 
    
   
   
 4,189 
    
   
   
 315 
    
   
   
 5,539 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 68 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 297 
    
   
   
 378 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation, amortization and other 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 1,104 
    
   
   
 4,190 
    
   
   
 609 
    
   
   
 5,903 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 72 
    
   
   
 428 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
   
 548 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation, amortization and other 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (35 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,170 
    
   
 $ 
 4,614 
    
   
 $ 
 632 
    
   
 $ 
 6,416 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-36
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
   

  NOTE 15 — OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows (dollars in millions):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Unrealized Gains on Available- for-Sale Securities 
   
   
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 
   
   
 Defined Benefit Plans 
   
   
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balances at December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 $ 
 (25 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (169 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (253 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (440 
 )  
 
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of $2 of income taxes 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of $13 of income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 24 
    
 
   Defined benefit plans, net of $33 income tax benefit 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (56 
 )  
 
   Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net of $55 income tax benefit 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (96 
 )  
   
   
 (96 
 )  
 
   Expense reclassified into operations from other comprehensive income, net of $17 and $44, respectively, income tax
benefits 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 29 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
   
 107 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (196 
 )  
   
   
 (271 
 )  
   
   
 (457 
 )  
 
   Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities, net of $3 income tax benefit 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of $6 of income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Defined benefit plans, net of $50 of income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 84 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 84 
    
 
   Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net of $1 of income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Expense reclassified into operations from other comprehensive income, net of $14 and $49, respectively, income tax
benefits 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 82 
    
   
   
 106 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 (88 
 )  
   
   
 (187 
 )  
   
   
 (257 
 )  
 
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of $3 of income taxes 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of $27 income tax benefit 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (47 
 )  
 
   Defined benefit plans, net of $59 income tax benefit 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (99 
 )  
 
   Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net of $13 of income tax benefit 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   Expense reclassified into operations from other comprehensive income, net of $8 and $48, respectively, income tax
benefits 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 84 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 (36 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (174 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (126 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (323 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-37
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
   

  NOTE 16 — ACCRUED EXPENSES AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS  
  A summary of other accrued expenses at December 31 follows (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Professional liability risks 
    
 $ 
 329 
    
    
 $ 
 330 
    
 
   Interest 
    
   
 357 
    
    
   
 392 
    
 
   Taxes other than income 
    
   
 255 
    
    
   
 252 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 796 
    
    
   
 939 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,737 
    
    
 $ 
 1,913 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A summary of activity for the allowance of doubtful accounts follows (dollars in
millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Year 
   
    
 Provision for Doubtful Accounts 
   
    
 Accounts Written off, Net of Recoveries 
   
   
 Balance at End of Year 
   


 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 4,106 
    
    
 $ 
 3,770 
    
    
 $ 
 (3,030 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,846 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
    
   
 4,846 
    
    
   
 3,858 
    
    
   
 (3,216 
 )  
   
   
 5,488 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2014 
    
   
 5,488 
    
    
   
 3,169 
    
    
   
 (3,646 
 )  
   
   
 5,011 
    
 
  NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER
COLLATERAL-RELATED INFORMATION  
  On November 22, 2010, HCA Inc. reorganized by creating a new holding company
structure. HCA Holdings, Inc. became the parent company, and HCA Inc. became HCA Holdings, Inc.’s 100% owned direct subsidiary. On November 23, 2010, HCA Holdings, Inc. issued $1.525 billion aggregate principal amount of 7 3 / 4 % senior unsecured notes due 2021. On December 6, 2012, HCA Holdings, Inc. issued $1.000 billion aggregate principal
amount of 6.25% senior unsecured notes due 2021. These notes are senior unsecured obligations and are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries.    The senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes described in Note 9 are jointly and severally, and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by substantially all existing and future, direct
and indirect, 100% owned material domestic subsidiaries that are “Unrestricted Subsidiaries” under our Indenture dated December 16, 1993 (except for certain special purpose subsidiaries that only guarantee and pledge their assets
under our ABL credit facility).  
      F-38
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  Our condensed consolidating balance sheets at December 31, 2014 and
2013 and condensed consolidating statements of comprehensive income and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, segregating HCA Holdings, Inc. issuer, HCA Inc. issuer, the subsidiary guarantors, the
subsidiary non-guarantors and eliminations, follow.    HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENT    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014    (Dollars in millions)
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 20,533 
    
   
 $ 
 19,554 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 40,087 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,777 
    
   
   
 1,392 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,169 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 18,756 
    
   
   
 18,162 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 36,918 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and benefits 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8,574 
    
   
   
 8,067 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 16,641 
    
 
   Supplies 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,280 
    
   
   
 2,982 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,262 
    
 
   Other operating expenses 
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,138 
    
   
   
 3,597 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,755 
    
 
   Electronic health record incentive income 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (85 
 )  
   
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (125 
 )  
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
   
   
 (1,937 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 1,937 
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 888 
    
   
   
 932 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,820 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 184 
    
   
   
 2,175 
    
   
   
 (559 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,743 
    
 
   Gains on sales of facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 335 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 335 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   Management fees 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (662 
 )  
   
   
 662 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 (1,733 
 )  
   
   
 2,588 
    
   
   
 14,542 
    
   
   
 16,103 
    
   
   
 1,937 
    
   
   
 33,437 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
   
 1,733 
    
   
   
 (2,588 
 )  
   
   
 4,214 
    
   
   
 2,059 
    
   
   
 (1,937 
 )  
   
   
 3,481 
    
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
   
   
 (76 
 )  
   
   
 (961 
 )  
   
   
 1,533 
    
   
   
 612 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,108 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 1,809 
    
   
   
 (1,627 
 )  
   
   
 2,681 
    
   
   
 1,447 
    
   
   
 (1,937 
 )  
   
   
 2,373 
    
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 87 
    
   
   
 411 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 498 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 1,809 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,627 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,594 
    
   
 $ 
 1,036 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,937 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,875 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 1,809 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,566 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,508 
    
   
 $ 
 995 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,937 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,809 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-39
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENT    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in millions)
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 20,042 
    
   
 $ 
 17,998 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 38,040 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,262 
    
   
   
 1,596 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,858 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17,780 
    
   
   
 16,402 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 34,182 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and benefits 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8,387 
    
   
   
 7,259 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 15,646 
    
 
   Supplies 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,158 
    
   
   
 2,812 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,970 
    
 
   Other operating expenses 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 2,998 
    
   
   
 3,233 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,237 
    
 
   Electronic health record incentive income 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (142 
 )  
   
   
 (74 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (216 
 )  
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
   
   
 (1,875 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 1,875 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 855 
    
   
   
 898 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 184 
    
   
   
 2,253 
    
   
   
 (523 
 )  
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,848 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Loss on retirement of debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   Management fees 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (632 
 )  
   
   
 632 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 (1,683 
 )  
   
   
 2,268 
    
   
   
 14,119 
    
   
   
 14,657 
    
   
   
 1,875 
    
   
   
 31,236 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
   
 1,683 
    
   
   
 (2,268 
 )  
   
   
 3,661 
    
   
   
 1,745 
    
   
   
 (1,875 
 )  
   
   
 2,946 
    
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
   
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 (860 
 )  
   
   
 1,362 
    
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 950 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 1,756 
    
   
   
 (1,408 
 )  
   
   
 2,299 
    
   
   
 1,224 
    
   
   
 (1,875 
 )  
   
   
 1,996 
    
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 69 
    
   
   
 371 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 440 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 1,756 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,408 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,230 
    
   
 $ 
 853 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,875 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,556 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 1,756 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,324 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,338 
    
   
 $ 
 861 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,875 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,756 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-40
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENT    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012    (Dollars in millions)
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues before provision for doubtful accounts 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 19,415 
    
   
 $ 
 17,368 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 36,783 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,144 
    
   
   
 1,626 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17,271 
    
   
   
 15,742 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 33,013 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and benefits 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7,959 
    
   
   
 7,130 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 15,089 
    
 
   Supplies 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,995 
    
   
   
 2,722 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,717 
    
 
   Other operating expenses 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 3,013 
    
   
   
 3,027 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,048 
    
 
   Electronic health record incentive income 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (219 
 )  
   
   
 (117 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (336 
 )  
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
   
   
 (1,668 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 1,668 
    
   
   
 (36 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 821 
    
   
   
 858 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 123 
    
   
   
 2,167 
    
   
   
 (468 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,798 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Legal claim costs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
 
   Management fees 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (569 
 )  
   
   
 569 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 (1,542 
 )  
   
   
 2,347 
    
   
   
 13,530 
    
   
   
 14,116 
    
   
   
 1,668 
    
   
   
 30,119 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
   
 1,542 
    
   
   
 (2,347 
 )  
   
   
 3,741 
    
   
   
 1,626 
    
   
   
 (1,668 
 )  
   
   
 2,894 
    
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (839 
 )  
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 460 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 888 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 1,588 
    
   
   
 (1,508 
 )  
   
   
 2,428 
    
   
   
 1,166 
    
   
   
 (1,668 
 )  
   
   
 2,006 
    
 
   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 62 
    
   
   
 339 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 401 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 1,588 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,508 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,366 
    
   
 $ 
 827 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,668 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,605 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 1,588 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,526 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,339 
    
   
 $ 
 855 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,668 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,588 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-41
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET    DECEMBER 31, 2014    (Dollars in millions)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
 ASSETS 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 87 
    
   
 $ 
 479 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 566 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,812 
    
   
   
 2,882 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,694 
    
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 756 
    
   
   
 523 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,279 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 366 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 366 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 376 
    
   
   
 531 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,025 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 484 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,031 
    
   
   
 4,415 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8,930 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7,871 
    
   
   
 6,484 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 14,355 
    
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 494 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 494 
    
 
   Investments in and advances to affiliates 
   
   
 22,293 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 149 
    
   
   
 (22,293 
 )  
   
   
 165 
    
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,705 
    
   
   
 4,711 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,416 
    
 
   Deferred loan costs 
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 193 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 219 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 435 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 158 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 620 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 23,238 
    
   
 $ 
 193 
    
   
 $ 
 13,650 
    
   
 $ 
 16,411 
    
   
 $ 
 (22,293 
 )  
   
 $ 
 31,199 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
 $ 
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,272 
    
   
 $ 
 762 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 2,035 
    
 
   Accrued salaries 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 783 
    
   
   
 587 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,370 
    
 
   Other accrued expenses 
   
   
 45 
    
   
   
 317 
    
   
   
 517 
    
   
   
 858 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,737 
    
 
   Long-term debt due within one year 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 231 
    
   
   
 56 
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 338 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 46 
    
   
   
 548 
    
   
   
 2,628 
    
   
   
 2,258 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,480 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
   
 2,525 
    
   
   
 26,317 
    
   
   
 185 
    
   
   
 280 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 29,307 
    
 
   Intercompany balances 
   
   
 28,008 
    
   
   
 (10,261 
 )  
   
   
 (21,582 
 )  
   
   
 3,835 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Professional liability risks 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,078 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,078 
    
 
   Income taxes and other liabilities 
   
   
 553 
    
   
   
 487 
    
   
   
 605 
    
   
   
 187 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,832 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 31,132 
    
   
   
 17,091 
    
   
   
 (18,164 
 )  
   
   
 7,638 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 37,697 
    
 
   Stockholders’ (deficit) equity attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
   
 (7,894 
 )  
   
   
 (16,898 
 )  
   
   
 31,693 
    
   
   
 7,498 
    
   
   
 (22,293 
 )  
   
   
 (7,894 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
   
 1,275 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,396 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 (7,894 
 )  
   
   
 (16,898 
 )  
   
   
 31,814 
    
   
   
 8,773 
    
   
   
 (22,293 
 )  
   
   
 (6,498 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 23,238 
    
   
 $ 
 193 
    
   
 $ 
 13,650 
    
   
 $ 
 16,411 
    
   
 $ 
 (22,293 
 )  
   
 $ 
 31,199 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-42
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET    DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in millions)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
 ASSETS 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 112 
    
   
 $ 
 302 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 414 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,565 
    
   
   
 2,643 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,208 
    
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 692 
    
   
   
 487 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,179 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 489 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 489 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 301 
    
   
   
 446 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 747 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 489 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,670 
    
   
   
 3,878 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8,037 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7,504 
    
   
   
 6,115 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13,619 
    
 
   Investments of insurance subsidiaries 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 448 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 448 
    
 
   Investments in and advances to affiliates 
   
   
 20,356 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 108 
    
   
   
 (20,356 
 )  
   
   
 121 
    
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,695 
    
   
   
 4,208 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,903 
    
 
   Deferred loan costs 
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 207 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 237 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 250 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
   
 168 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 466 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 21,125 
    
   
 $ 
 207 
    
   
 $ 
 12,930 
    
   
 $ 
 14,925 
    
   
 $ 
 (20,356 
 )  
   
 $ 
 28,831 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
 $ 
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,169 
    
   
 $ 
 633 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,803 
    
 
   Accrued salaries 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 694 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,193 
    
 
   Other accrued expenses 
   
   
 272 
    
   
   
 353 
    
   
   
 464 
    
   
   
 824 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,913 
    
 
   Long-term debt due within one year 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 702 
    
   
   
 45 
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 786 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 273 
    
   
   
 1,055 
    
   
   
 2,372 
    
   
   
 1,995 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,695 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
   
 2,525 
    
   
   
 24,701 
    
   
   
 181 
    
   
   
 183 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 27,590 
    
 
   Intercompany balances 
   
   
 26,107 
    
   
   
 (10,513 
 )  
   
   
 (19,428 
 )  
   
   
 3,834 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Professional liability risks 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 949 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 949 
    
 
   Income taxes and other liabilities 
   
   
 490 
    
   
   
 296 
    
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 218 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,525 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 29,395 
    
   
   
 15,539 
    
   
   
 (16,354 
 )  
   
   
 7,179 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 35,759 
    
 
   Stockholders’ (deficit) equity attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
   
   
 (8,270 
 )  
   
   
 (15,332 
 )  
   
   
 29,185 
    
   
   
 6,503 
    
   
   
 (20,356 
 )  
   
   
 (8,270 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 99 
    
   
   
 1,243 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,342 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 (8,270 
 )  
   
   
 (15,332 
 )  
   
   
 29,284 
    
   
   
 7,746 
    
   
   
 (20,356 
 )  
   
   
 (6,928 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 21,125 
    
   
 $ 
 207 
    
   
 $ 
 12,930 
    
   
 $ 
 14,925 
    
   
 $ 
 (20,356 
 )  
   
 $ 
 28,831 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-43
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014    (Dollars in millions)
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 1,809 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,627 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,681 
    
   
 $ 
 1,447 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,937 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,373 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in operating assets and liabilities 
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (1,972 
 )  
   
   
 (1,438 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (3,433 
 )  
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,777 
    
   
   
 1,392 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,169 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 888 
    
   
   
 932 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,820 
    
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 (83 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (83 
 )  
 
   Gains on sales of facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
   Losses on retirement of debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 335 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 335 
    
 
   Legal claim costs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred loan costs 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 42 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 163 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 163 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
   
   
 (1,937 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,937 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 (1,169 
 )  
   
   
 3,349 
    
   
   
 2,324 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,448 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of property and equipment 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,189 
 )  
   
   
 (987 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,176 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of hospitals and health care entities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (732 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (766 
 )  
 
   Disposal of hospitals and health care entities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 51 
    
 
   Change in investments 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (37 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,150 
 )  
   
   
 (1,768 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,918 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuance of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,500 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,502 
    
 
   Net change in revolving bank credit facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 440 
    
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5,086 
 )  
   
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5,164 
 )  
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (65 
 )  
   
   
 (377 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (442 
 )  
 
   Payment of debt issuance costs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (73 
 )  
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
   
 (1,750 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,750 
 )  
 
   Distributions to stockholders 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits 
   
   
 134 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 134 
    
 
   Changes in intercompany balances with affiliates, net 
   
   
 1,678 
    
   
   
 388 
    
   
   
 (2,109 
 )  
   
   
 43 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (18 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
   
 56 
    
   
   
 1,169 
    
   
   
 (2,224 
 )  
   
   
 (379 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,378 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 177 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 152 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 414 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 87 
    
   
 $ 
 479 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 566 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-44
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in millions)
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 1,756 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,408 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,299 
    
   
 $ 
 1,224 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,875 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,996 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in operating assets and liabilities 
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 (2,320 
 )  
   
   
 (1,958 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (4,272 
 )  
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,262 
    
   
   
 1,596 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,858 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 855 
    
   
   
 898 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 143 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 143 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Loss on retirement of debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred loan costs 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 52 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 55 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 113 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
   
   
 (1,875 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,875 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
   
 129 
    
   
   
 (1,313 
 )  
   
   
 3,118 
    
   
   
 1,746 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,680 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of property and equipment 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (921 
 )  
   
   
 (1,022 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,943 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of hospitals and health care entities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (481 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (481 
 )  
 
   Disposal of hospitals and health care entities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   Change in investments 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 52 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 36 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (920 
 )  
   
   
 (1,426 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,346 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net change in revolving bank credit facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 970 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 970 
    
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,254 
 )  
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (374 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,662 
 )  
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (71 
 )  
   
   
 (364 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (435 
 )  
 
   Payment of debt issuance costs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
   
 (500 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (500 
 )  
 
   Distributions to stockholders 
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits 
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 113 
    
 
   Changes in intercompany balances with affiliates, net 
   
   
 342 
    
   
   
 1,602 
    
   
   
 (2,364 
 )  
   
   
 420 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 (90 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (90 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (151 
 )  
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 (2,469 
 )  
   
   
 (318 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,625 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (271 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (291 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 383 
    
   
   
 300 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 705 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 112 
    
   
 $ 
 302 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 414 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-45
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012    (Dollars in millions)
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 HCA Holdings, Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 HCA Inc. Issuer 
   
   
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
   
   
 Subsidiary Non- Guarantors 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Condensed Consolidated 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 1,588 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,508 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,428 
    
   
 $ 
 1,166 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,668 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,006 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in operating assets and liabilities 
   
   
 57 
    
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 (1,927 
 )  
   
   
 (1,765 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (3,663 
 )  
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,144 
    
   
   
 1,626 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 821 
    
   
   
 858 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,679 
    
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 96 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 96 
    
 
   Losses (gains) on sales of facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Legal claim costs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 175 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred loan costs 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 62 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 56 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
   
   
 (1,668 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,668 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
   
 131 
    
   
   
 (1,287 
 )  
   
   
 3,468 
    
   
   
 1,863 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,175 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of property and equipment 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,039 
 )  
   
   
 (823 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,862 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of hospitals and health care entities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (110 
 )  
   
   
 (148 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (258 
 )  
 
   Disposal of hospitals and health care entities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 30 
    
 
   Change in investments 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,160 
 )  
   
   
 (903 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,063 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuances of long-term debt 
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 3,850 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
 
   Net change in revolving bank credit facilities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (685 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (685 
 )  
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,309 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (112 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,441 
 )  
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (60 
 )  
   
   
 (341 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (401 
 )  
 
   Payment of debt issuance costs 
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (62 
 )  
 
   Distributions to stockholders 
   
   
 (3,148 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (3,148 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits 
   
   
 174 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 174 
    
 
   Changes in intercompany balances with affiliates, net 
   
   
 1,938 
    
   
   
 481 
    
   
   
 (1,960 
 )  
   
   
 (459 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 (61 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (67 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (109 
 )  
   
   
 1,287 
    
   
   
 (2,040 
 )  
   
   
 (918 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,780 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 268 
    
   
   
 42 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 332 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
   
 258 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 373 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
   
 $ 
 22 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 383 
    
   
 $ 
 300 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 705 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-46
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  
 NOTE 17 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COLLATERAL-RELATED
INFORMATION (continued)      
  Healthtrust, Inc. — The Hospital Company
(“Healthtrust”) is the first-tier subsidiary of HCA Inc. The common stock of Healthtrust has been pledged as collateral for the senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes described in Note 9. Rule 3-16 of
Regulation S-X under the Securities Act requires the filing of separate financial statements for any affiliate of the registrant whose securities constitute a substantial portion of the collateral for any class of securities registered or being
registered. We believe the separate financial statements requirement applies to Healthtrust due to the pledge of its common stock as collateral for the senior secured notes. Due to the corporate structure relationship of HCA and Healthtrust,
HCA’s operating subsidiaries are also the operating subsidiaries of Healthtrust. The corporate structure relationship, combined with the application of push-down accounting in Healthtrust’s consolidated financial statements related to
HCA’s debt and financial instruments, results in the consolidated financial statements of Healthtrust being substantially identical to the consolidated financial statements of HCA. The consolidated financial statements of HCA and Healthtrust
present the identical amounts for revenues, expenses, net income, assets, liabilities, total stockholders’ deficit, net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
Certain individual line items in the HCA consolidated statements of stockholders’ deficit are combined into one line item in the Healthtrust consolidated statements of stockholder’s deficit.  
 Reconciliations of the HCA Holdings, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit presentation to the
Healthtrust, Inc. — The Hospital Company Consolidated Statements of Stockholder’s Deficit presentation for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are as follows (dollars in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Presentation in HCA Holdings, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Share-based benefit plans 
    
 $ 
 321 
    
   
 $ 
 139 
    
   
 $ 
 169 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Presentation in Healthtrust, Inc. — The Hospital Company Consolidated Statements of Stockholder’s
Deficit: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Distributions from HCA Holdings, Inc., net of contributions to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 315 
    
   
 $ 
 133 
    
   
 $ 
 152 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Due to the consolidated financial statements of Healthtrust being substantially identical
to the consolidated financial statements of HCA, except for the items presented in the table above, the separate consolidated financial statements of Healthtrust are not presented.  

      F-47
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HCA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    (UNAUDITED)    (Dollars in millions)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
   
 Second 
   
   
 Third 
   
   
 Fourth 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 8,832 
    
   
 $ 
 9,230 
    
   
 $ 
 9,220 
    
   
  $ 
  9,636 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 454 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 632 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 611 
 (c)  
   
  $ 
 676 
 (d)  
 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 347 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 483 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 518 
 (c)  
   
  $ 
 527 
 (d)  
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 0.78 
    
   
 $ 
 1.10 
    
   
 $ 
 1.20 
    
   
  $ 
 1.22 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 0.76 
    
   
 $ 
 1.07 
    
   
 $ 
 1.16 
    
   
  $ 
 1.19 
    
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
   
 Second 
   
   
 Third 
   
   
 Fourth 
   
 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 8,440 
    
   
 $ 
 8,450 
    
   
 $ 
 8,456 
    
   
  $ 
 8,836 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 438 
 (e)  
   
 $ 
 537 
 (f)  
   
 $ 
 467 
 (g)  
   
  $ 
 554 
 (h)  
 
   Net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 344 
 (e)  
   
 $ 
 423 
 (f)  
   
 $ 
 365 
 (g)  
   
  $ 
 424 
 (h)  
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 0.77 
    
   
 $ 
 0.95 
    
   
 $ 
 0.82 
    
   
  $ 
 0.96 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 0.74 
    
   
 $ 
 0.91 
    
   
 $ 
 0.79 
    
   
  $ 
 0.92 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 First quarter results include $13 million of gains on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and $49 million of
legal claim costs (See Note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).  
 
 
 (b) 
 Second quarter results include $7 million of gains on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and $143 million of
losses on retirement of debt (See Note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).  
 
 
 (c) 
 Third quarter results include $9 million of losses on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
 
 
 
 (d) 
 Fourth quarter results include $7 million of gains on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and $68 million of
loss on retirement of debt (See Note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).  
 
 
 (e) 
 First quarter results include $11 million of losses on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and $11 million of
loss on retirement of debt (See Note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).  
 
 
 (f) 
 Second quarter results include $3 million of gains on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
 
 
 
 (g) 
 Third quarter results include $1 million of losses on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
 
 
 
 (h) 
 Fourth quarter results include $2 million of gains on sales of facilities (See Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
 
      F-48
 

 
 
 
