
 10-K
 1
 d871455d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549
         
 FORM 10-K      
     (Mark One)
 
 
 
   
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   
     For the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014  
 OR      
 
 
   
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   
     For the transition period from
                       to
                          Commission File Number 001-07882      
     ADVANCED MICRO
DEVICES, INC.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
       
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 94-1692300 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 One AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California 
   
 94088 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   (408) 749-4000    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)      
     Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   (Title of each class) 
   
   (Name of each exchange on which registered) 


 
 Common Stock $0.01 par value per share 
   
 The NASDAQ Stock Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None      
     Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.  Yes   x   No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.  Yes   ¨   No   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.  Yes   x   No   ¨     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files):  Yes   x   No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K.   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act (check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer  x 
   
 Accelerated filer  ¨ 
 
 
 
 
   Non-accelerated filer  ¨ 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
 Smaller reporting company  ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).  Yes   ¨   No   x     As of June 28, 2014, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $2.6 billion based on the reported closing sale price
of $4.11 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 27, 2014, which was the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
777,300,258 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, as of February 13, 2015.      
     DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(2015 Proxy Statement) are incorporated into Part III hereof. The 2015 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 27, 2014.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 FORM 10-K  
 For The Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2014    IN DEX      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   PART I  
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 1. 
      
   Business 
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 1A. 
      
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 16 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 1B. 
      
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 34 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 2. 
      
   Properties 
    
   
 34 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 3. 
      
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 35 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 4. 
      
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 36 
    
 
 
 
 
   PART II  
    
   
 37 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 5. 
      
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
    
   
 37 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 6. 
      
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 39 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 7. 
      
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
    
   
 41 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 7A. 
      
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
    
   
 63 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 8. 
      
   Financial Statement and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 65 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 9. 
      
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
    
   
 109 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 9A. 
      
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 109 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 9B. 
      
   Other Information 
    
   
 110 
    
 
 
 
 
   PART III  
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 10. 
      
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 11. 
      
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 12. 
      
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 13. 
      
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 14. 
      
   Principal Accounting Fess and Services 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
   PART IV  
    
   
 112 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 15. 
      
   Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules  
    
   
 112 
    
 
 
 
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 113 
    
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS    Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    The statements in this report include forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
expectations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as we cannot assure you that the events or circumstances
reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,”
“should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or
comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements relate to, among other things: the timing, features and functionality of our future products; future patent applications; demand for our products; the growth, change and competitive landscape of
the markets in which we participate; the nature and extent of our future payments to GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF) and the materiality of these payments; the materiality of our future purchases from GF; sales patterns of our semi-custom System-on-Chip
(SoC) products; consumer PC market conditions; the success of our transformation strategy; our ability to transform our business to attain revenue from high-growth markets; expected Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment research and
development costs; expected restructuring charge and cash payments to be made in connection with our restructuring plan announced in October 2014 (the 2014 Restructuring Plan); expected benefits of the 2014 Restructuring Plan and our transformation
initiatives; suitability and adequacy of our existing facilities; the level of international sales as compared to total sales; our ability to reduce our unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months; that other unrecognized tax benefits will
not materially change in the next 12 months; that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, the savings from our 2014 Restructuring Plan and our senior secured asset based line of credit will be sufficient to fund our operations
including capital expenditures over the next 12 months; our ability to obtain sufficient external financing on favorable terms, or at all; our dependence on a small number of customers; our hedging strategy; and our expenditures related to
environmental compliance and conflict minerals disclosure requirements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, without limitation, the following: Intel Corporation’s dominance of
the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively; we rely on GF to manufacture most of our microprocessor and APU products and certain of our GPU and semi-custom products. If GF is not able
to satisfy our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted; we rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies,
our business could be materially adversely affected; failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our financial results; the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on
a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions; if we cannot generate sufficient revenue and operating cash flow or obtain external
financing, we may face a cash shortfall and be unable to make all of our planned investments in research and development or other strategic investments; we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy to refocus our business to
address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent markets; the completion and impact of the 2014 Restructuring Plan and our transformation initiatives could adversely affect us; global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our
business and operating results; we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations or meet our working capital requirements; we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position
and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations; the agreements governing our notes and our senior secured asset based line of credit for a principal amount up to $500 million (Secured Revolving Line of
Credit) impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business; the markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive; the loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us; our
receipt of  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
revenue from our semi-custom SoC products is dependent upon our technology being designed into third-party products and the success of those products; the demand for our products depends in part
on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; our ability to design and
introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property; we depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other computer platform components to support
our business; if we lose Microsoft Corporation’s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected; we may incur
future impairments of goodwill; uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us; our reliance on third-party distributors and AIB partners subjects us to certain risks; our inability to continue
to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our product development programs; in the event of a change of control, we may not be able to repurchase our outstanding debt as required by the applicable indentures and our Secured Revolving Line
of Credit, which would result in a default under the indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit; the semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to
materially adversely affect, our business in the future; our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business,
processes and internal controls; data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation; our operating results are subject to quarterly
and seasonal sales patterns; if essential equipment or materials are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected; if our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware,
we could be materially adversely affected; costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us; if we fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand for our products, our
business could be materially adversely affected; we outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management and information technology support services;
acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and operating results or dilute, or adversely affect the price of, our common stock; our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural
disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us; worldwide political conditions may adversely affect demand for our products; unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us; our inability to effectively control
the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us; if we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets,
trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses; we are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial
damages or prohibit us from selling our products; a variety of environmental laws that we are subject to could result in additional costs and liabilities; higher health care costs and labor costs could adversely affect our business; and, our
business is subject to potential tax liabilities.    For a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements, see “Part I, Item 1A-Risk Factors” and the “Financial Condition” section set forth in “Part II, Item 7-Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,” or MD&A, beginning on page 41 below and such other risks and uncertainties as set forth below in this report or detailed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports and filings.
We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.    General  
 We are a global semiconductor company with facilities worldwide. Within the global semiconductor industry, we offer primarily:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   x86 microprocessors, as standalone devices or as incorporated as an accelerated processing unit (APU), chipsets, discrete graphics processing units
(GPUs) and professional graphics; and  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products and technology for game consoles.
   For financial information about geographic areas and for segment information with respect to revenues and
operating results, refer to the information set forth in Note 12 of our consolidated financial statements, beginning on page 95 below.  
 Additional Information  
 We were incorporated under the laws of Delaware on May 1, 1969 and became a publicly held company in 1972. Our common stock was
listed on the New York Stock Exchange from 1979 until the close of trading on December 31, 2014. On January 2, 2015, we transferred the listing of our common stock to The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “AMD”. Our mailing
address and executive offices are located at One AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California 94088, and our telephone number is (408) 749-4000. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “AMD,” “we,” “us,”
“management,” “our” or the “Company” mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries.    AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, ATI, the ATI logo, AMD Athlon, AMD Opteron, AMD Phenom, AMD Sempron, AMD Turion, FirePro, CrossFire, Radeon, Geode, SeaMicro and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced
Micro Devices, Inc. Microsoft, Windows, Xbox360 and Xbox One are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. PlayStation is a registered trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. Wii and Wii U
are registered trademarks of Nintendo of America, Inc. ARM and Cortex are registered trademarks of ARM Limited (or its subsidiaries).    Other names are for informational purposes only and are used to identify companies and products and may be trademarks of their respective owners.    Web Site Access to Our SEC Filings and Corporate Governance Documents    On
the Investor Relations pages of our Web site,  www.amd.com , we post links to our filings with the SEC, our Principles of Corporate Governance, our Code of Ethics for our executive officers and all other senior finance executives, our
“Worldwide Standards of Business Conduct,” which applies to our Board of Directors and all of our employees, and the charters of the Audit and Finance, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Innovation and Technology
committees of our Board of Directors. Our filings with the SEC are posted as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. You can also obtain copies of these documents by writing to us at:
Secretary, AMD, 7171 Southwest Parkway, M/S B100.2, Austin, Texas 78735, or emailing us at:  Corporate.Secretary@amd.com . All of these documents and filings are available free of charge.  
 If we make substantive amendments to our Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions, we intend to disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our Web site or in a Current Report on Form 8-K in
accordance with applicable rules and regulations.    The information contained on our Web site is not incorporated by reference
in, or considered to be a part of, this report.    Our Industry    We are a global semiconductor company. Semiconductors are components used in a variety of electronic products and systems. An integrated circuit (IC) is a semiconductor device that consists of many
interconnected transistors on a single chip. Since the invention of the transistor in 1948, improvements in IC process and design technologies have led to the development of smaller, more complex and more reliable ICs at a lower cost-per-function.
 
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Computing and Graphics    The x86 Microprocessor and Chipset Markets    Central Processing
Unit (CPU) .    A microprocessor is an IC that serves as the CPU of a computer. It generally consists of hundreds of millions or billions of transistors that process data and control other devices in the system, acting as
the “brain” of the computer. The performance of a microprocessor is a critical factor impacting the performance of computing and entertainment platforms, such as desktop PCs, notebooks, tablets and workstations. The principal elements used
to measure CPU performance are work-per-cycle (or how many instructions are executed per cycle), clock speed (representing the rate at which a CPU’s internal logic operates, measured in units of gigahertz, or billions of cycles per second) and
power consumption. Other factors impacting microprocessor performance include the number and type of cores in a microprocessor, the bit rating of the microprocessor, memory size and data access speed.   
 Developments in IC design and manufacturing process technologies have resulted in significant advances in microprocessor performance. As
businesses and consumers require greater performance from their computer systems due to the growth of digital data and increasingly sophisticated software applications, semiconductor companies are designing and developing multi-core microprocessors,
where multiple processor cores are placed on a single die or in a single processor. Multi-core microprocessors offer enhanced overall system performance and efficiency because computing tasks can be spread across two or more processing cores, each
of which can execute a task at full speed. Multi-core microprocessors can increase performance of a computer system without greatly increasing the total amount of power consumed and the total amount of heat emitted. Businesses and consumers also
require computer systems with improved power management technology, which helps them to reduce the power consumption of their computer systems and lower total cost of ownership.  
 Accelerated Processing Unit (APU) and System-on-Chip (SoC) .    Consumers increasingly demand computing
devices, including desktop and notebooks PCs, and smaller form factors, such as tablets and 2-in-1s (PCs that can function both as a notebook or a tablet), with improved end-user experience, system performance and energy efficiency. Consumers also
continue to demand thinner and lighter mobile devices, with better performance and longer battery life. We believe that a computing architecture that optimizes the use of its components can provide these improvements.   
 An APU is a processing unit that integrates a CPU and a GPU onto one chip (or one piece of silicon), along with, in some cases, other
special-purpose components. This integration enhances system performance by “offloading” selected tasks to the best-suited component (i.e., the CPU or the GPU) to optimize component use, increasing the speed of data flow between the CPU
and GPU through shared memory and allowing the GPU to function as both a graphics engine and an application accelerator. Having the CPU and GPU on the same chip also typically improves energy efficiency by, for example, eliminating connections
between discrete chips.    An SoC is a type of IC with a CPU, GPU and other components, such as a memory controller and
peripheral management, comprising a complete computing system on a single chip. By combining all of these elements as an SoC, system performance and energy efficiency is improved, similar to an APU.  
 Heterogeneous System Architecture (HSA) describes an industry standard that is an overarching design for having combinations of CPU and
GPU processor cores operate as a unified, integrated engine that shares system responsibilities and resources. We are a founding member of the HSA Foundation, a non-profit organization established to define and promote this open standards-based
approach to heterogeneous computing. Heterogeneous computing allows for the elevation of the GPU to the same level of the CPU for memory access, queuing and execution. In other words, rather than having a CPU as a master and other various processors
as subordinates, these CPU and GPU processing units can be referred to as “compute cores” (where each core is capable of running at least one process in its own context and virtual memory space, independently from other cores).
Heterogeneous computing also allows software programmers to develop applications that more fully utilize the full compute capabilities of APUs and SoCs.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Chipset.     A chipset is a generic term referring to a
collection of system level components that manage data flow among a microprocessor or microprocessors, memory and peripherals (such as CD ROM drives, DVD drives and USB peripherals). Chipsets perform essential logic functions, balance a
system’s performance and provide system control and power management functions. Some chipsets have graphics capabilities by including an integrated graphics processor (IGP) within the chipset. A chipset with an IGP is known as an IGP chipset.
IGP chipsets can offer a lower cost, reduced power alternative and are often also used in smaller form factors. Systems that are powered by an APU or by a CPU and discrete GPU combination often do not have a chipset and instead use an AMD Controller
Hub chip to perform the functions of a chipset. As a result, we believe that either an APU and AMD Controller Hub chip combination or an SoC, which already includes a chipset, will eventually replace the market for IGP chipsets. 
   Our x86 Microprocessor and Chipset Products    Our microprocessors are incorporated into computing platforms, which are a collection of technologies that are designed to work together to provide a more complete computing solution and to enable and
advance the computing components. We believe that integrated, balanced computing platforms consisting of microprocessors, chipsets and GPUs that work together at the system level bring end users improved system stability, increased performance and
enhanced power efficiency. In addition, we believe our customers also benefit from an all-AMD platform (consisting of an APU or CPU, a discrete GPU and a chipset or an AMD Fusion Controller Hub chip), as we are able to optimize interoperability,
provide them with a single point of contact for the key platform components and enable them to bring the platforms to market faster in a variety of client and server system form factors.  
 We currently base our microprocessors and chipsets on the x86 instruction set architecture and AMD’s Direct Connect Architecture,
which connects an on-chip memory controller and input/output (I/O) channels directly to one or more microprocessor cores. We typically integrate two or more processor cores onto a single die, and each core has its own dedicated cache, which is
memory that is located on the semiconductor die, permitting quicker access to frequently used data and instructions. Some of our microprocessors have additional levels of cache such as L2, or second-level cache, and L3, or third-level cache, to
enable faster data access and higher performance.    We focus on continually improving the energy efficiency of our products
through our design principles and innovations in power management technology. To that end, we offer CPUs, GPUs, APUs, SoCs and chipsets with multiple low power states that utilize lower clock speeds and voltages to reduce processor power consumption
during active and idle times. The use of intelligent, dynamic power management is designed to create lower energy use by allowing compute applications to be completed quickly and efficiently, enabling a return to the ultra-low power idle state.
   Desktop.     Our APUs for desktop PCs consist primarily of the AMD A-Series and AMD E-Series
APUs. We also offer AMD FX CPUs for the enthusiast market. In January 2014, we launched the AMD A10-7850K and A10-7700K, formerly codenamed “Kaveri,” for desktops. “Kaveri” is the world’s first APU to include HSA
features, AMD TrueAudio technology for improved fidelity and immersive audio and the HD gaming experience of AMD’s Mantle application programming interface (API). Our Mantle API is designed to allow game developers to take greater advantage of
the full capability of our Graphic Core Next (GCN) architecture. Our GCN is our new approach to the design of a consumer GPU. In July 2014, we expanded our desktop AMD A-Series APU with the AMD A10-7800 APU, our high performance APU. We also
introduced the AMD A8-7600, AMD A6-7400K and AMD A4-7300 APUs, which are designed to allow consumers to upgrade their application and office experience on their desktop PC. The latest generation of our AMD FX CPUs is based on the
“Piledriver” x86 multi-core architecture. Our AMD FX CPUs are designed for multitasking, high resolution gaming and HD media processing and come in eight-, six- and quad-core versions.   
 Notebook and 2-in-1s.     In response to consumer demand, we continue to invest in designing and
developing high performing and low power notebook PC platforms. Our APUs for notebook PCs consist  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
primarily of performance AMD A-Series APUs and AMD E-Series APUs. These APUs combine discrete-level AMD Radeon™ graphics, dedicated HD video processing and multi-core CPU processors on a
single chip and are designed to maximize performance and energy efficiency. In April 2014, we announced our 2014 mainstream and low-power APUs and mobile APUs, formerly codenamed “Beema” and “Mullins,” respectively, which feature
up to four newly-designed x86 CPU cores with AMD Radeon graphics and a hardware-level data security solution based on the
ARM ®  Cortex ® -A5, all on a single SoC. In June 2014, we introduced our 2014 Performance Mobile APUs, formerly codenamed “Kaveri,” designed for ultrathin and
high-performance mobile PCs. As part of the 2014 Performance Mobile APUs, we introduced the AMD FX APU designed for enthusiast-level performance for gaming and multitasking. Also, in June 2014, we announced our new AMD Pro A-Series APUs with HSA
features designed for commercial notebook PCs.    Chipsets.     Our portfolio of chipset
products includes chipsets with and without IGPs for desktop and notebook PCs and servers, as well as AMD Controller Hub-based chipsets for our APUs. We offer AMD  9-Series  and AMD A88X, A85X, A78, A75, A68H,
A58 and A55 for desktop PCs, and we offer AMD A76M chipsets for notebook PCs. We also offer AMD 785E, SR5690, 780E and M690T chipsets for our embedded products.     Graphics Market    The semiconductor graphics market addresses the
need for improved visual processing in various computing devices. Many consumers value a rich visual experience to enable a more compelling and immersive experience, and, for these consumers, the PC is evolving from a traditional data processing and
communications device to an entertainment platform. As a result, visual realism and graphical display capabilities are key product differentiation elements among computing devices. This has led to increasing creation and use of processing-intensive
multimedia content for computing devices, including playing games, capturing TV and other multimedia content, viewing online videos, photo editing and managing digital content. In turn, these trends have contributed to higher consumer demand for
performance graphics solutions and manufacturers designing computing devices with these capabilities.    Our APUs deliver visual
processing functionality for value and mainstream PCs by integrating a CPU and a GPU on a single chip, while discrete GPUs (which are also known as dedicated GPUs) are on a separate chip from the CPU and are specifically architected for higher
performance graphics processing. Heavy computational workloads have traditionally been processed on a CPU, but we believe that the industry is shifting to a new computing paradigm that increasingly relies more on a discrete GPU or an APU. AMD
Accelerated Parallel Processing or GPGPU (General Purpose GPU) refers to a set of advanced hardware and software technologies that enable discrete AMD GPUs, working in concert with the CPU, to accelerate applications beyond traditional graphics and
video processing by allowing the discrete GPU and the CPU to process information cooperatively. In addition, computing devices with HSA features run computationally-intensive tasks more efficiently, which we believe provides a superior application
experience to the end user.    Our Graphics Products  
 Our graphics products can be found in an APU, GPU, SoC or a combination of a GPU with one of the other foregoing
products working in tandem. Our customers generally use our graphics solutions to increase the speed of rendering images and to help improve image resolution and color definition. We develop our graphics products for use in various computing devices
and entertainment platforms, including desktop PCs, notebook PCs, 2-in-1s and professional workstations. With each of our graphics products, we have available drivers and supporting software packages that enable the effective use of these products
under a variety of operating systems and applications. In addition, our recent generation graphics products have
Linux ®  driver support.    Discrete Desktop Graphics .    We offer discrete graphics products for gaming, multimedia, editing photos and videos as well as other graphic-intensive applications on
desktop platforms. Our discrete GPUs for desktop   
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
 PCs include the AMD Radeon R7 and R9 series, AMD Radeon HD 8000 series, AMD Radeon 7000 series and AMD Radeon HD 6000 series. In February 2014, we introduced two new additions to the
R7 series—the AMD Radeon R7 250X and R7 265. In March 2014, we added the AMD Radeon R9 280 to the R9 Series, and more recently in April 2014, we introduced the AMD Radeon R9 295X2, powered by two AMD Radeon R9 295 GPUs on a single card
designed for gamers and PC enthusiasts. All models of our AMD Radeon R7 and R9 series graphic cards support our Mantle API.     Discrete Notebook Graphics.     Our discrete GPUs for notebooks are designed to address graphics performance, visual experience, power efficiency, dedicated memory support
and ease of design integration, all of which are key considerations for notebook manufacturers. The AMD lineup of discrete GPUs for notebooks includes the AMD Radeon HD 7000M series and AMD Radeon HD 6000M series. In January 2014, we introduced the
AMD Radeon R9, R7 and R5 M200 Series, our new family of discrete GPUs for notebooks designed with support for Mantle API.     Professional Graphics.     Our AMD FirePro™ family of professional graphics products consists of 3D and 2D multi-view graphics cards and GPUs that we designed for
integration in mobile and desktop workstations, as well as commercial PCs. We designed our AMD FirePro 3D graphics cards for demanding applications, such as those found in the computer aided design (CAD) and digital content creation (DCC) markets,
with drivers specifically tuned for maximum performance, stability and reliability across a wide range of software packages. We designed our AMD FirePro 2D graphics cards with dual- and quad-display outputs for financial and corporate
environments.     We also provide the AMD FirePro S-Series GPU products for the server market, where we target high
performance computing (HPC) and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) use cases. In April 2014, we launched the AMD FirePro W9100 professional graphics cards for next-generation workstations with ultra-high resolution and multi-display capabilities.
In June 2014, we launched the AMD FirePro W8100 professional graphics card designed for the next generation 4K CAD and media and entertainment workflows, engineering analysis and supercomputing applications. In August 2014, we introduced new
additions to the next generation AMD FirePro professional graphics family, the AMD FirePro W2100, AMD FirePro W4100, AMD FirePro W5100 and AMD FirePro W7100. Additionally, we announced the AMD FirePro S9150 Server GPU in August 2014, designed for
large scale multi-GPU support and the AMD FirePro S9100 in October 2014, designed for high visualization, high throughput and multi-tasking.  
 Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom  
 The Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Markets    Server.     A server is a computer system that performs services for connected customers as part of a client-server architecture. Many servers are designed to run an
application or applications often for extended periods of time with minimal human intervention. Examples of servers include web servers, e-mail servers and print servers. These servers can run a variety of applications, including business
intelligence, enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management and advanced scientific or engineering models to solve advanced computational problems in disciplines ranging from financial modeling to weather forecasting to oil and gas
exploration. Servers are also used in cloud computing, which is a computing model where data, applications and services are delivered over the internet or an intranet. Today’s data centers require new technologies and configuration models to
meet the demand driven by the staggering amount of data that needs to be stored, accessed and managed. Servers must be efficient, scalable and adaptable to meet the compute characteristics of new and changing workloads.   
 Embedded .     Embedded products address computing needs in PC-adjacent markets,
such as industrial control and automation, digital signage, point of sale/self-service kiosks, medical imaging, set-top box and casino gaming machines as well as enterprise class telecommunications, networking, security, storage systems and
“thin   clients” (which are computers that serve as an access device on a network). Typically, our embedded products are used in applications that require high to moderate levels of performance, where key features may
include   
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
 mobility, relatively low power, small form factor, and 24x7 operations. High performance graphics are   increasingly important in many embedded systems. Support for Linux,
Windows and other operating systems as well as for increasingly sophisticated applications are also critical for some customers. Other requirements may include meeting rigid specifications for industrial temperatures, shock, vibration and
reliability. The embedded market has moved from developing proprietary, custom designs to leveraging industry-standard instruction set architectures and processors as a way to help reduce costs and speed time to market.   
 Semi-Custom .     We have leveraged our core IP, including our graphics and
processing technologies developed for the PC market, to develop semi-custom solutions for customers who want differentiation in their products, including today’s leading game console manufacturers. In this market, semiconductor suppliers work
alongside game console manufacturers to enhance the visual performance and overall user experience for game console customers. This same type of collaborative development approach can also address customer needs in many other markets beyond game
consoles, leveraging our existing IP to create a variety of products tailored to a specific customer’s needs, ranging from complex fully-customized SoCs to more modest adaptations and integrations of existing CPU, APU or GPU products. 
   Our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Products  
 Server Processors.     Our microprocessors for server platforms currently include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The AMD
Opteron TM  X-Series includes small-core x86 APUs and CPUs
that are ideal for  next-generation  scale-out Web and cloud applications ranging from big data analytics to image processing, multimedia content delivery and hosting.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   AMD Opteron 6300 Series processors, which are designed to meet the demanding performance per-watt, per-dollar requirements that are at the heart of
server buying decisions. The AMD Opteron 6338P (12 core) and 6370P (16 core) processors are optimized to handle the heavily virtualized workloads found in enterprise environments. These processors feature the “Piledriver” core and are
fully socket and software compatible with the existing AMD Opteron 6300 Series.    During 2014, we began
sampling the AMD Opteron A1100 Series processor, our first 64-bit ARM-based server processor based on 28nm technology. AMD Opteron A-Series processors combine AMD’s expertise in delivering server-class silicon with ARM’s trademark
low-power architecture. These products are designed to bring the experience and technology portfolio of an established server processor vendor to the ARM ecosystem and complement our AMD Opteron x86 server processors. The first AMD Opteron A-Series
processors are expected to launch later in 2015.    Dense Server Systems.     In addition, to
offering microprocessors for servers, we offer dense server systems, designed to reduce power consumption and improve space efficiency for data centers. Our dense server products currently include the SeaMicro SM15000™ server, as well as the
SeaMicro Freedom™ Fabric Storage series of storage enclosures. SeaMicro dense servers incorporate our proprietary fabric technology, the Freedom™ supercomputer fabric, which interconnects hundreds of card-sized motherboards, eliminating
top-of-rack switches, terminal servers, hundreds of cables and thousands of unnecessary components for a more efficient and simple operational environment. We designed this fabric to reduce data center power consumption while providing low latency
and higher bandwidth interconnections.     Embedded Processors .    Our embedded
processors are increasingly driving intelligence into new areas of our lives, from smart TVs and set-top boxes to interactive digital signage, casino gaming, and medical imaging. These products are designed to support greater connectivity and
productivity, and we believe they are a strong   driver for the “internet of things” and “surround computing” areas in the computing industry. Our processor products for embedded platforms include the following: 
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our second generation AMD Embedded R-Series APU and CPU launched in May 2014, formerly codenamed “Bald Eagle,” supports HSA and was designed
for processing performance, power  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
efficiency and multimedia immersion in mid-to high-end visual and parallel compute-intensive embedded applications.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The AMD Embedded G-Series SoC platform is a high-performance, low-power design offering  ultra-low  power
consumption and advanced graphics performance. In June 2014, we announced our AMD Embedded G-Series SoC, formerly codenamed “Steppe Eagle,” designed for rugged and harsh environments such as ATMs, kiosks, automation, medical equipment and
gaming machines. Also in June 2014, we introduced another AMD Embedded G-Series CPU, formerly codenamed “Crowned Eagle,” for networking and communications infrastructure applications that require high performance at low cost and low power.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The AMD Embedded Radeon™ E-Series GPU family includes a broad array of discrete GPU products designed to provide immersive graphics and enhanced
parallel compute capabilities for the embedded market. The AMD Embedded Radeon E8860 GPU is the industry’s first discrete graphics card for embedded applications based on GCN architecture, delivering 3D and 4K graphics to embedded gaming
machines, digital signage, medical imaging, commercial aerospace, and other embedded applications.    In
October 2014, we began sampling our first 64-bit ARM Cortex-A57-based AMD Embedded R-Series SoC, codenamed “Hierofalcon.” The AMD Embedded R-Series SoC platform is designed for embedded data center applications, communications
infrastructure and industrial solutions and is expected to ship in the first half of 2015.  
 Semi-Custom.     Our semi-custom products are tailored, high-performance
customer-specific solutions based on AMD’s CPU, GPU and multi-media technologies. We work closely together with our customers to define solutions to precisely match the requirements of the device or application. Historically we have
leveraged our core graphics processing technology into the game console market by licensing our graphic technology in game consoles such as the Microsoft ®  Xbox 360™ and Nintendo Wii and Wii U. In the fourth quarter of 2013, Sony launched its Sony Playstation ® 4 and Microsoft launched its
Microsoft ®  Xbox One. Both of these next-generation game consoles are powered by AMD semi-custom SoC
products.     Marketing and Sales    We sell our products through our direct sales force and through independent distributors and sales representatives in both domestic and international markets. Our sales arrangements generally operate on
the basis of product forecasts provided by the particular customer, but do not typically include any commitment or requirement for minimum product purchases. We primarily use purchase orders, sales order acknowledgments and contractual
agreements as evidence of our sales arrangements. Our agreements typically contain standard terms and conditions covering matters such as payment terms, warranties and indemnities for issues specific to our products.  
 We generally warrant that our products sold to our customers will conform to our approved specifications and be free from defects in
material and workmanship under normal use and service for one year. Subject to certain exceptions, we also offer a three-year limited warranty to end users for only those CPU and AMD  A-Series  APU products
purchased as individually packaged products, commonly referred to as “processors in a box” and for PC workstation products. We have also offered extended limited warranties to certain customers of “tray” microprocessor products
for each of our business units and/or workstation graphics products who have written agreements with us and target their computer systems at the commercial and/or embedded markets.  
 We market and sell our latest products under the AMD trademark and some legacy graphics products under the ATI trademark. Our desktop PC
product brands for microprocessors are AMD A-Series, AMD E-Series, AMD FX CPU, AMD Athlon CPU and APU and AMD Sempron APU and CPU. Our notebook and 2-in-1s for microprocessors are AMD A-Series, AMD E-Series, AMD C-Series, AMD Z-Series, AMD FX APU,
AMD Phenom, AMD Athlon CPU and APU, AMD Turion and AMD Sempron APU and CPU. Our server brand for  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
microprocessors is AMD Opteron. We sell dense server systems products under the SeaMicro brand, including the SM15000 series and Freedom Fabric Storage series for storage systems. We also sell
low-power versions of our AMD Opteron, AMD Athlon and AMD Sempron, as well as AMD Geode, AMD R-Series and G-Series processors as embedded processor solutions. Our product brand for the consumer graphics market is AMD Radeon. Our product brand for
professional graphics products is AMD FirePro. We also market and sell our chipsets under the AMD trademark.    We market our
products through our direct marketing and co-marketing programs. In addition, we have cooperative advertising and marketing programs with customers and third parties, including market development programs, pursuant to which we may provide product
information, training, marketing materials and funds. Under our co-marketing development programs, eligible customers can use market development funds as reimbursement for advertisements and marketing programs related to our products and third-party
systems integrating our products, subject to meeting defined criteria.    Customers  
 Our microprocessor customers consist primarily of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), system
builders and independent distributors in both domestic and international markets. ODMs provide design and/or manufacturing services to branded and unbranded private label resellers, OEMs and system builders. Our graphics product customers include
the foregoing as well as add-in-board manufacturers (AIBs).    Customers of our chipset products consist primarily of PC and
server OEMs, often through ODMs or other contract manufacturers, who build the OEM motherboards, as well as desktop and server motherboard manufacturers who incorporate chipsets into their channel motherboards.  
 We work closely with our customers to define product features, performance and timing of new products so that the products we are
developing meet our customers’ needs. We also employ application engineers to assist our customers in designing, testing and qualifying system designs that incorporate our products. We believe that our commitment to customer service and design
support improves our customers’ time-to-market and fosters relationships that encourage customers to use the next generation of our products.    We work closely with our customers to create differentiated products that leverage our CPU, GPU and APU technology. In some cases, customers of our semi-custom products pay us non-recurring engineering
fees for design and development services and a purchase price for the resulting semi-custom products.    Collectively, our top
five customers accounted for approximately 61% of our net revenue during the year ended 2014. In 2014, Hewlett-Packard Company, Microsoft Corporation and Sony Corporation each accounted for more than 13% of our consolidated net revenues. Sales to
Hewlett-Packard consisted primarily of products from our Computing and Graphics segment. Sales to Microsoft and Sony consisted primarily of products from our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Five customers, including Hewlett-Packard,
accounted for approximately 54% of the net revenue attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment. In addition, five customers, including Sony, Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard, accounted for approximately 90% of the net revenue attributable to our
Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. A loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 Original Equipment Manufacturers    We focus on three types of OEM customers: multi-nationals, selected regional accounts and target market customers. Large multi-nationals and regional accounts are our core OEM customers. Our OEM customers
include numerous foreign and domestic manufacturers of servers and workstations, desktops, notebooks, PC motherboards and game consoles.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Third-Party Distributors  
 Our authorized channel distributors resell to sub-distributors and mid-sized and smaller OEMs and ODMs. Typically, distributors handle a
wide variety of products, including those that compete with our products. Distributors typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price
reductions and provide return rights with respect to any product that we have removed from our price book that is not more than 12 months older than the manufacturing code date. In addition, some agreements with our distributors may contain standard
stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns.    Add-in-Board (AIB) Manufacturers and System Integrators
   We offer component-level graphics and chipset products to AIB manufacturers who in turn build and sell board-level
products using our technology to system integrators (SIs), and to retail buyers. Our agreements with AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We also sell directly to our SI customers. SIs typically sell from positions
of regional or product-based strength in the market. They usually operate on short design cycles and can respond quickly with new technologies. SIs often use discrete graphics solutions as a means to differentiate their products and add value to
their customers.    Competition    Generally, the IC industry is intensely competitive. Products typically compete on timely product introductions, product quality (including enabling state-of-the art visual experiences), power consumption
(including battery life), reliability, processor clock speed, performance, size (or form factor), selling, price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware
compatibility and stability, brand recognition and availability. Technological advances in the industry result in frequent product introductions, regular price reductions and short product life cycles for some products, and increased product
capabilities that may result in significant performance improvements. Our ability to compete depends on our ability to develop, introduce and sell new products or enhanced versions of existing products on a timely basis and at competitive prices,
while reducing our costs.    Competition in the Microprocessor and Chipset Market  
 Intel Corporation has been the market share leader for microprocessors for many years. Intel’s market share, margins and significant
financial resources enable it to market its products aggressively, to target our customers and our channel partners with special incentives and to influence customers who do business with us. These aggressive activities have in the past and are
likely in the future to result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for many of our products and adversely affect our margins and profitability.    As long as Intel remains in this dominant position, we may be materially adversely affected by Intel’s:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   business practices, including rebating and allocation strategies and pricing actions, designed to limit our market share and margins;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   product mix and introduction schedules;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   product bundling, marketing and merchandising strategies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exclusivity payments to its current and potential customers and channel partners;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   control over industry standards, PC manufacturers and other PC industry participants, including motherboard, memory, chipset and basic input/output
system, or BIOS, suppliers and software companies as well as the graphics interface for Intel platforms; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   marketing and advertising expenditures in support of positioning the Intel brand over the brand of its OEM customers.  
 Intel exerts substantial influence over computer manufacturers and their channels of distribution through various brand and other
marketing programs. As a result of Intel’s position in the microprocessor market, Intel  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
has been able to control x86 microprocessor and computer system standards and benchmarks and to dictate the type of products the microprocessor market requires of us. Intel also dominates the
computer system platform, which includes core logic chipsets, graphics chips, motherboards and other components necessary to assemble a computer system. OEMs that purchase microprocessors for computer systems are highly dependent on Intel, less
innovative on their own and, to a large extent, are distributors of Intel technology. Additionally, Intel is able to drive de facto standards and specifications for x86 microprocessors that could cause us and other companies to have delayed access
to such standards.    Intel has substantially greater financial resources than we do and accordingly spends substantially
greater amounts on marketing and research and development than we do. We expect Intel to maintain its market position and to continue to invest heavily in marketing, research and development, new manufacturing facilities and other technology
companies. To the extent Intel manufactures a significantly larger portion of its microprocessor products using more advanced process technologies, or introduces competitive new products into the market before we do, we may be more vulnerable to
Intel’s aggressive marketing and pricing strategies for microprocessor products. For example, Intel recently introduced microprocessors for low-cost notebooks, similar to products that we offer for low-cost notebooks.  
 Intel’s position in the microprocessor market and IGP chipset market, its introduction of competitive new products, its existing
relationships with top-tier OEMs and its aggressive marketing and pricing strategies could result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on us.  
 Other competitors include a variety of companies providing or developing ARM-based designs at relatively low cost and low power
processors for the computing market including netbooks, tablets and thin-client form factors, as well as dense servers, set-top boxes and gaming consoles. ARM Holdings designs and licenses its ARM architecture to third parties, including us, and
offers supporting software and services. Our ability to compete with companies who use ARM-based solutions depends on our ability to timely design and bring to market energy-efficient, high-performing products at an attractive price point.
   In the chipset market, our competitors include suppliers of IGP chipsets. PC manufacturers use IGP chipsets because they cost
less than traditional discrete GPUs while offering acceptable graphics performance for most mainstream PC users. Intel also leverages its dominance in the microprocessor market to sell its IGP chipsets. Intel manufactures and sells IGP chipsets
bundled with their microprocessors and is our main competitor in this market.    Competition in the Graphics Markets  
 In the graphics market, our competitors include suppliers of discrete graphics, embedded graphics processors and IGP chipsets. Intel
manufactures and sells embedded graphics processors and IGP chipsets, and is a dominant competitor with respect to this portion of our business. Higher unit shipments of our APUs and Intel’s integrated graphics may drive computer manufacturers
to reduce the number of systems they build paired with discrete graphics components, particularly for notebooks, because they may offer satisfactory graphics performance for most mainstream PC users, at a lower cost. Intel could take actions that
place our discrete GPUs and IGP chipsets at a competitive disadvantage such as giving one or more of our competitors in the graphics market, such as Nvidia Corporation, preferential access to its proprietary graphics interface or other useful
information.    Our principal competitor in the graphics market is Nvidia. AMD and Nvidia are the two principal players offering
discrete graphics solutions. Other competitors include a number of smaller companies, which may have greater flexibility to address specific market needs, but less financial resources to do so, especially as we believe that the growing
complexity of graphics processors and the associated research and development costs represent an increasingly higher barrier to entry in this market. In the semi-custom game console products, where graphics performance is critical, we compete
against primarily Nvidia, and also compete against Imagination Technology Group.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Research and Development    We focus our research and development activities on improving and enhancing product design. One main area of focus is on delivering the next generation of products with greater system level integration of
the CPU and GPU and transforming our products into SoCs, with, in each case, improved system performance and performance-per-watt characteristics. For example, we are focusing on improving the battery life of our microprocessors and APU products for
notebooks and the power efficiency of our microprocessors for servers. We are also focusing on delivering a range of low-power integrated platforms to serve key markets, including commercial clients, mobile computing and gaming and media computing,
as well as developing an HSA, which is designed for software developers to easily program APUs by combining scalar processing on the CPU with parallel processing on the GPU, all while providing high bandwidth access to memory at low power. We
believe that these integrated platforms will bring customers better time-to-market and increased performance and energy efficiency. We also work with industry leaders on process technology, software and other functional intellectual property and we
work with others in the industry, public foundations, universities and industry consortia to conduct early stage research and development.    Our research and development expenses for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. For more information, see “Part II,
Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” below.    We
conduct product and system research and development activities for our products in the United States with additional design and development engineering teams located in China, Canada, India, Singapore, Taiwan and Israel.  
 Manufacturing Arrangements and Assembly and Test Facilities    Third-Party Wafer Foundry Facilities    GLOBALFOUNDRIES
Inc.     On March 2, 2009, we entered into a Wafer Supply Agreement (the WSA) with GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF). The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF, a related party to us. Pursuant
to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited exceptions. For more information about the WSA, see “Part II, Item 7-Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations-GLOBALFOUNDRIES,” below. GF currently manufactures wafers for our products on 300 millimeter wafers primarily in technologies ranging from 32nm to 28nm.   
 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company .    We also have foundry arrangements with Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) for the production of wafers for certain products. We are in production in TSMC’s 300 millimeter fabrication facilities in technologies ranging from 65nm to 28nm.   
 Other Third-Party Manufacturers .    We outsource board-level graphics product manufacturing to
third-party manufacturers. We also outsource board-level and system-level product manufacturing to third-party manufacturers for our SeaMicro dense server and storage products.     Assembly, Test, Mark and Packaging Facilities    We own and operate
two assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities. Some wafers for our products are delivered from third-party foundries to our assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities. Our assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities are described in the
chart set forth below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Facility Location 
    
 Approximate Manufacturing Area Square Footage 
   
    
 Activity 


 
   Penang, Malaysia 
    
   
 150,000 
    
    
 Assembly, Test, Mark & Packaging 
 
   Suzhou, China 
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
 Assembly, Test, Mark & Packaging 
 
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The remaining wafers for our products are delivered from third-party foundries to our test,
assembly and packaging partners located in the Asia-Pacific region who package and test our final semiconductor products.    Intellectual
Property and Licensing    We rely on contracts and intellectual property rights to protect our products and technologies from
unauthorized third-party copying and use. Intellectual property rights include copyrights, patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade secrets and maskwork rights. As of December 27, 2014, we had approximately 4,900 patents in the United
States and approximately 1,200 patent applications pending in the United States. In certain cases, we have filed corresponding applications in foreign jurisdictions. We expect to file future patent applications in both the United States and abroad
on significant inventions, as we deem appropriate. We do not believe that any individual patent, or the expiration of any patent, is or would be material to our business.    As is typical in the semiconductor industry, we have numerous cross-licensing and technology exchange agreements with other companies under which we both transfer and receive technology and intellectual
property rights. One such agreement is the cross license agreement that we entered into with Intel on November 11, 2009. Under the cross license agreement, we granted to Intel and Intel granted to us, non-exclusive, royalty-free licenses
to all of each other’s patents that were first filed no later than November 11, 2014 and each party can exploit these patents anywhere in the world for making and selling certain semiconductor- and electronic-related products. Under the
cross license agreement, Intel has rights to make semiconductor products for third parties, but the third-party product designs are not licensed as a result of such manufacture. We have rights to perform assembly and testing for third parties
but not rights to make semiconductor products for third parties. The term of the cross license agreement continues until the expiration of the last to expire of the licensed patents, unless earlier terminated. A party can terminate the
cross license agreement or the rights and licenses of the other party if the other party materially breaches the cross license agreement and does not correct the noticed material breach within 60 days. Upon such termination, the terminated
party’s license rights terminate but the terminating party’s license rights continue, subject to that party’s continued compliance with the terms of the cross license agreement. The cross license agreement will automatically
terminate if a party undergoes a change of control (as defined in the cross license agreement), and both parties’ licenses will terminate. Upon the bankruptcy of a party, that party may assume, but may not assign, the cross license
agreement, and in the event that the cross license agreement cannot be assumed, the cross license agreement and the licenses granted will terminate.    Backlog    Sales are made primarily pursuant to purchase orders for current
delivery or agreements covering purchases over a period of time. Some of these orders or agreements may be revised or canceled without penalty. Generally, in light of current industry practice, we do not believe that such orders or agreements
provide meaningful backlog figures or are necessarily indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period.    Seasonality  
 Our operating results tend to vary seasonally. For example, historically, first quarter PC product sales are generally lower than fourth
quarter sales. In addition, with respect to our semi-custom SoC products for game consoles, we expect sales patterns to follow the seasonal trends of a consumer business with sales in the first half of the year being lower than sales in the second
half of the year.    Employees    As of December 27, 2014, we had approximately 9,700 employees.    Environmental Regulations
   Many aspects of our business operations and products are regulated by domestic and international environmental laws and
regulations. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants to air, water,  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations;
and requirements with respect to treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. If we fail to comply with any applicable environmental regulations, we may be subject to fines, suspension of production, alteration of our
manufacturing processes, import/export restrictions, sales limitations and/or criminal and civil liabilities. Existing or future regulations could require us to procure expensive pollution abatement or remediation equipment, to modify product
designs or to incur other expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Any failure to adequately control the use, disposal, storage or discharge of hazardous substances could expose us to future liabilities that could have a material adverse
effect on our business. We believe we are in material compliance with applicable environmental requirements and do not expect those requirements to result in material expenditures in the foreseeable future.  
 Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union
(EU) and China are two among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic products. These regulations affect semiconductor devices and packaging. As regulations restricting
materials in electronic products continue to increase around the world, there is a risk that the cost, quality and manufacturing yields of products that are subject to these restrictions, may be less favorable compared to products that are not
subject to such restrictions, or that the transition to compliant products may not meet customer road maps, or produce sudden changes in demand, which may result in excess inventory. A number of jurisdictions including the EU, Australia and China
are developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications as well as additional energy consumption limits. There is the potential for certain of our products being
excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us.    Recent U.S. legislation includes disclosure
and reporting requirements for companies who use “conflict” minerals that originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We will likely incur additional costs associated with complying with these requirements, such
as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products, auditing the process and reporting to our customers and the U.S. government. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we
are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals. Moreover, we are likely to encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as “conflict free.” If
we cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor’s products.    A number of jurisdictions including the EU,
Australia and China are developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications as well as additional energy consumption limits. There is the potential for certain of
our products being excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us.    While we have budgeted for
foreseeable associated expenditures, we cannot assure you that future environmental legal requirements will not become more stringent or costly in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future
environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances will not have a material adverse effect on us. See also, “Item 3-Legal Proceedings-Environmental
Matters,” below.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS    The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider
the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously.    Intel Corporation’s dominance of
the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively.    Intel
Corporation has been the market share leader for microprocessors for many years. Intel’s market share, margins and significant financial resources enable it to market its products aggressively, to target our customers and our channel partners
with special incentives and to influence customers who do business with us. These aggressive activities have in the past and are likely in the future to result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for many of our products and
adversely affect our margins and profitability.    As long as Intel remains in this dominant position, we may be materially
adversely affected by Intel’s:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   business practices, including rebating and allocation strategies and pricing actions, designed to limit our market share and margins;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   product mix and introduction schedules;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   product bundling, marketing and merchandising strategies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exclusivity payments to its current and potential customers and channel partners;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   control over industry standards, PC manufacturers and other PC industry participants, including motherboard, memory, chipset and basic input/output
system, or BIOS, suppliers and software companies as well as the graphics interface for Intel platforms; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   marketing and advertising expenditures in support of positioning the Intel brand over the brand of its OEM customers.  
 Intel exerts substantial influence over computer manufacturers and their channels of distribution through various brand and other
marketing programs. As a result of Intel’s position in the microprocessor market, Intel has been able to control x86 microprocessor and computer system standards and benchmarks and to dictate the type of products the microprocessor market
requires of us. Intel also dominates the computer system platform, which includes core logic chipsets, graphics chips, motherboards and other components necessary to assemble a computer system. Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) that purchase
microprocessors for computer systems are highly dependent on Intel, less innovative on their own and, to a large extent, are distributors of Intel technology. Additionally, Intel is able to drive de facto standards and specifications for
x86 microprocessors that could cause us and other companies to have delayed access to such standards.    Intel has
substantially greater financial resources than we do and accordingly spends substantially greater amounts on marketing and research and development than we do. We expect Intel to maintain its market position and to continue to invest heavily in
marketing, research and development, new manufacturing facilities and other technology companies. To the extent Intel manufactures a significantly larger portion of its microprocessor products using more advanced process technologies, or introduces
competitive new products into the market before we do, we may be more vulnerable to Intel’s aggressive marketing and pricing strategies for microprocessor products. For example, Intel recently introduced microprocessors for low-cost notebooks,
similar to products that we offer for low-cost notebooks.    Intel could also take actions that place our discrete GPUs at a
competitive disadvantage, including giving one or more of our competitors in the graphics market, such as Nvidia Corporation, preferential access to its proprietary graphics interface or other useful information.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Intel’s position in the microprocessor market and integrated graphics chipset market,
its introduction of competitive new products, its existing relationships with top-tier OEMs and its aggressive marketing and pricing strategies could result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for our products, which could have a
material adverse effect on us.    We rely on GF to manufacture most of our microprocessor and APU products and certain of our GPU and
semi-custom products. If GF is not able to satisfy our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted.    The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF. Pursuant to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited
exceptions. If GF is unable to achieve anticipated manufacturing yields, remain competitive using or implementing advanced leading-edge process technologies needed to manufacture future generations of our products, manufacture our products on a
timely basis at competitive prices or meet our capacity requirements, then we may experience delays in product launches, supply shortages for certain products or increased costs and our business could be materially adversely affected.  
 Further, if our requirements are less than the number of wafers that we may commit to purchase from GF, we could have excess inventory or
higher inventory unit costs, both of which will adversely impact our gross margin and our results of operations.    We are
currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material. If we do not successfully conclude our negotiations, it could have a material adverse impact on our
gross margin and our results of operations.    In addition, GF has relied on Mubadala Technology Investments LLC (Mubadala
Tech), formerly known as Advanced Technology Investment Company, for its funding needs. If Mubadala Tech fails to adequately fund GF on a timely basis, or at all, GF’s ability to manufacture products for us could be materially adversely
affected.    We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient
quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected.    We rely on
third-party wafer foundries to fabricate the silicon wafers for all of our products. We also rely on third-party manufacturers to assemble, test, mark and pack certain of our products. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these
third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand.    We cannot assure you
that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. If we experience supply constraints from our third-party manufacturing suppliers, we may be
required to allocate the affected products amongst our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these customers and on our financial condition. In addition, if we are unable to meet customer demand due to
fluctuating or late supply from our manufacturing suppliers, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business.    We do not have long-term commitment contracts with some of our third-party manufacturing suppliers. We obtain some of these manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and these manufacturers are not
required to provide us with any specified minimum quantity of product beyond the quantities in an existing purchase order. Accordingly, we depend on these suppliers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our
needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. The manufacturers we use also fabricate wafers and assemble, test and package
products for other companies, including certain of our competitors. They could choose to prioritize capacity for other users, increase the prices that they charge us on short notice or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other risks associated with our dependence on third-party manufacturers include limited
control over delivery schedules and quality assurance, lack of capacity in periods of excess demand, misappropriation of our intellectual property, dependence on several small undercapitalized subcontractors and limited ability to manage inventory
and parts. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffer any damage to facilities, lose benefits under material agreements, experience power outages, lack sufficient capacity to manufacture our products, encounter financial difficulties,
are unable to secure necessary raw materials from their suppliers or suffer any other disruption or reduction in efficiency, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions. If we are unable to secure sufficient or reliable supplies of products, our
ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected and this could materially affect our business.    If we transition the
production of some of our products to new manufacturers, we may experience delayed product introductions, lower yields or poorer performance of our products. If we experience problems with product quality or are unable to secure sufficient capacity
from a particular third-party manufacturer, or if we for other reasons cease utilizing one of those suppliers, we may be unable to secure an alternative supply for any specific product in a short time frame. We could experience significant delays in
the shipment of our products if we are required to find alternative third-party manufacturers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.    Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our financial results.    Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a result of both product design and process technology, which is typically proprietary to the manufacturer, and low yields can result from design failures, process
technology failures or a combination of both. Our third-party foundries, including GF, are responsible for the process technologies used to fabricate silicon wafers. If our third-party foundries experience manufacturing inefficiencies or encounter
disruptions, errors or difficulties during production, we may fail to achieve acceptable yields or experience product delivery delays. We cannot be certain that our third-party foundries will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement
leading-edge process technologies needed to manufacture future generations of our products profitably or on a timely basis or that our competitors will not develop new technologies, products or processes earlier. Moreover, during periods when
foundries are implementing new process technologies, their manufacturing facilities may not be fully productive. A substantial delay in the technology transitions to smaller process technologies could have a material adverse effect on us,
particularly if our competitors transition to more cost effective technologies before us. Any decrease in manufacturing yields could result in an increase in per unit costs, which would adversely impact our gross margin and/or force us to allocate
our reduced product supply amongst our customers, which could harm our relationships with our customers and reputation and materially adversely affect our business.    The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and
coinciding with significant industry transitions.    Our success depends to a significant extent on the development,
qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving
industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. For example, form factors continue to shift from desktop PCs and notebooks to
tablets. Historically, a significant portion of our Computing and Graphics revenue has been related to desktop PCs. As consumers adopt new form factors, have new product feature preferences or have different requirements than those consumers in the
PC market, PC sales could be negatively impacted, which could negatively impact our business. Currently, a large portion of our business is focused on the consumer PC portions of the market, which has experienced a decline driven by the adoption of
smaller form factors and increased competition. If we fail to or are delayed in developing, qualifying or shipping new products or  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends or if we fail to predict which new form factors consumers will adopt, we may lose competitive positioning, which
could cause us to lose market share and require us to discount the selling prices of our products. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully
implement new products and technologies on a timely basis.    Delays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products can also
cause us to miss our customers’ product design windows or, in some cases, breach contractual obligations or cause us to pay penalties. If our customers do not include our products in the initial design of their computer systems or products,
they will typically not use our products in their systems or products until at least the next design configuration. The process of being qualified for inclusion in a customer’s system or product can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss
a cycle in the demand of end-users, which also could result in a loss of market share and harm our business.    Moreover, market
demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis. Over the life of a specific product, the sale price is typically reduced over time. The introduction of new products and enhancements to
existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale
prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected.    If we cannot generate sufficient revenue
and operating cash flow or obtain external financing, we may face a cash shortfall and be unable to make all of our planned investments in research and development or other strategic investments.  
 Our ability to fund research and development expenditures depends on generating sufficient revenue and cash flow from operations and the
availability of external financing, if necessary. Our research and development expenditures, together with ongoing operating expenses, will be a substantial drain on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. If new competitors, technological
advances by existing competitors or other competitive factors require us to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in our research and development efforts, our operating expenses would increase. If we are required to invest
significantly greater resources than anticipated in research and development efforts without an increase in revenue, our operating results could decline.    We regularly assess markets for external financing opportunities, including debt and equity financing. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be
available on satisfactory terms. The health of the credit markets may adversely impact our ability to obtain financing when needed. Any downgrades from credit rating agencies such as Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s may adversely
impact our ability to obtain external financing or the terms of such financing. In addition, credit agency downgrades or concerns regarding our credit worthiness may impact relationships with our suppliers, who may limit our credit lines. Our
inability to obtain needed financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to abandon projects or curtail planned investments in research and development or other strategic initiatives. If we curtail planned investments in
research and development or abandon projects, our products may fail to remain competitive and our business would be materially adversely affected.    We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent markets.  
 We are implementing a business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent
markets, representing the embedded, professional graphics, semi-custom, dense server and ultra low-power client markets. One of the goals of our strategy is to derive approximately 50% of our revenue from high growth adjacent markets by the end of
2015. As part of our business strategy, effective July 1, 2014, we realigned our organizational structure to create a Computing and Graphics segment and an Enterprise,  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. However, if demand for products from high growth adjacent markets is below our expectations or if we are not able to improve cost or operational efficiencies of
this business model, we may not realize benefits from our business strategy. Despite our efforts, we may not be able to effectively implement our strategy in a timely manner to exploit potential market opportunities, achieve the goals of our
business strategy or meet competitive challenges.    Moreover, our business strategy is dependent on creating products that
anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. For example, throughout 2014, we sampled “Seattle,” our first 64-bit ARM server processor and in the second quarter of 2014, we announced a 64-bit ARM architectural license for
the development of custom high-performance cores for high-growth adjacent markets. Also in the second quarter of 2014 we announced our third generation mainstream and low powered mobile APUs, formerly codenamed “Mullins” and
“Beema,” and we released our new embedded APU, formerly codenamed “Bald Eagle,” which is our first embedded processor to incorporate HSA features. We cannot assure you that our new strategic direction, including our efforts to
address markets beyond our core PC market and our efforts to create ARM-based products, will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. In addition, we may be entering markets where current and new
competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new
markets. We may face delays or disruptions in research and development efforts, or we may be required to significantly invest greater resources in research and development than anticipated.    The completion and impact of the 2014 Restructuring Plan and our transformation initiatives could adversely affect us.  
 In October 2014, we implemented a restructuring plan (the 2014 Restructuring Plan) designed to improve operating efficiencies. The 2014
Restructuring Plan involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%, largely completed by the end of 2014, and an alignment of our real estate footprint with the reduced headcount, largely expected to be completed by the end of the first
half of 2015. These restructuring actions could have an adverse impact on our business as a result of decreases in employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees. We cannot be sure that we will realize
operational savings or any other benefits from the 2014 Restructuring Plan. Any operating savings are subject to assumptions, estimates and significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. If these
estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we experience delays or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, as a result of the 2014 Restructuring Plan, we recorded a
restructuring and impairment charge of $57 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, and we expect to record a restructuring charge of approximately $13 million in 2015, primarily related to real estate actions. We also made cash payments related to
the 2014 Restructuring Plan of $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and expect to make cash payments related to the 2014 Restructuring Plan of approximately $34 million in 2015 and approximately $8 million in 2016.  
 Global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results.  
 Uncertain global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the worldwide
economic environment may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to postpone purchases. In addition, during challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and
as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of,
accounts receivable that they owe us. The risk related to our customers’ potentially defaulting on or delaying payments to us is increased because we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of our
revenue. Any inability of our current or potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. Moreover, our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent,
 
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. In addition, uncertain economic conditions may make it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or
public sales of debt or equity securities.    We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations or meet our
working capital requirements.    Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt will depend on our financial
and operating performance, which may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to generate cash flow or that we will be able to borrow funds, including under our senior secured asset based line of credit for a principal amount up to $500 million (our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, as amended), in amounts sufficient
to enable us to service our debt or to meet our working capital requirements. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds to service our debt, we may be required to sell assets or equity, reduce
expenditures, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt or obtain additional financing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance our debt, sell assets or equity, borrow funds under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit or borrow
more funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all.    We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our
financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations.    Our total
debt as of December 27, 2014 was $2.2 billion. Our substantial indebtedness may:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general
corporate purposes;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions.  
 We enter into interest rate swap agreements from time to time to manage our exposure to interest rate risk. These swap agreements involve
risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, the risk that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates and the risk that our exposure to
interest rates may increase if interest rates increase.    The agreements governing our notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit
impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business.    The indentures governing our
7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 (7.75% Notes), 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 (7.50% Notes), 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024 (7.00% Notes) and 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (6.75% Notes) contain various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional indebtedness;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends and make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make certain investments, including investments in our unrestricted subsidiaries;  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit certain liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit restrictions on the ability of certain restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   use the proceeds from sales of assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidate or merge or sell our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety.  
 Our Secured Revolving Line of Credit also contains various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, make certain
investments, merge or consolidate with other entities and permit certain subsidiaries from incurring indebtedness. In addition, during a domestic cash trigger period (a Domestic Cash Trigger Period), which occurs (i) upon an event of default or
(ii) when the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in certain accounts is at any time less than $250 million, and ends when both (a) no event of default has existed for 45 days and (b) the amount of domestic cash or
cash equivalents held in such accounts has been equal to or greater than $250 million for 45 days, we will become subject to various additional covenants which limit our ability to, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   allow certain subsidiaries that manufacture or process inventory for us or AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd. (together, the Borrowers)
to borrow secured debt or unsecured debt beyond a certain amount;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create any liens upon any of the Borrowers’ property (other than customary permitted liens and liens on up to $1.5 billion of secured credit
facilities debt (which amount includes our Secured Revolving Line of Credit));      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   declare or make any distributions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create any encumbrance on the ability of a subsidiary to make any upstream payments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make asset dispositions other than certain ordinary course dispositions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make certain loans, make payments with respect to subordinated debt or certain borrowed money prior to its due date;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   become a party to certain agreements restricting the Borrowers’ ability to incur or repay debt, grant liens, make distributions; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   modify loan agreements or enter into any non-arm’s-length transaction with an affiliate.  
 During a Domestic Cash Trigger Period, we also would be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio each four-fiscal quarter
period ending on and after March 29, 2014.    The agreements governing our notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit
contain cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement would likely result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. For example, the occurrence of a default with respect to any indebtedness or any failure to
repay debt when due in an amount in excess of $50 million would cause a cross default under the indentures governing our 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes and 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (6.00% Notes), as well as under
our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders or the lenders under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit to declare all amounts outstanding under
those borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable. If the note holders or the trustee under the indentures governing our 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes or 6.00% Notes or the lenders under our Secured Revolving Line
of Credit accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings.  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive.  
 The markets in which our products are sold are very competitive and delivering the latest and best products to market on a timely basis is
critical to achieving revenue growth. We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are timely product introductions, product quality (including enabling state-of-the-art visual experience), power consumption (including
battery life), reliability, processor clock speed, perfomance, size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility and
stability, brand recognition and availability.    We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid
technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance/experience or may include additional features that render our products uncompetitive. We may also face
aggressive pricing by competitors, especially during challenging economic times. Some competitors may have greater access or rights to companion technologies, including interface, processor and memory technical information. With the introduction of
our APU products and other competing solutions, we believe that demand for additional discrete graphic cards may decrease in the future due to both the improvement of the quality of our competitor’s integrated graphics and the graphics
performance of our APUs. If competitors introduce competitive new products into the market before us, demand for our products could be adversely impacted and our business could be adversely affected.  
 We are implementing a long-term business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to the high-growth
adjacent markets. However, we are entering markets with new and different competitors who may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against
current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new markets or superior ability to anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends.    The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us.    Collectively, our top five customers accounted for approximately 61% of our net revenue in 2014. On a segment basis, during 2014, five customers accounted for approximately 54% of the net revenue of our
Computing and Graphics segment and five customers accounted for approximately 90% of the net revenue of our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. We expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of
revenues of our businesses in the future. If one of our key customers decides to stop buying our products, or if one of these customers materially reduces its operations or its demand for our products, our business would be materially adversely
affected.    Our receipt of revenue from our semi-custom SoC products is dependent upon our technology being designed into third-party
products and the success of those products.    The revenue that we receive from our semi-custom SoC products is in the
form of non-recurring engineering fees charged to third parties for design and development services and revenue received in connection with sales of our semi-custom SoC products to these third parties. As a result, our ability to generate revenue
from our semi-custom products depends on our ability to secure customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into those customer’s products. Any revenue from sales of our semi-custom SoC
products is directly related to sales of the third-party’s products and reflective of their success in the market. Moreover, we have no control over the marketing efforts of these third parties, and we cannot make any assurances that sales of
their products will be successful in current or future years. Consequently, the semi-custom SoC product revenue expected by us may not be fully realized and our operating results may be adversely affected.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they
are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  
 A significant portion of our business is currently dependent upon the market for desktop PCs and notebooks. Form
factors continue to shift from desktop PCs and notebooks to tablets. Historically, a significant portion of our Computing and Graphics revenue has been related to desktop PCs. Currently, a large portion of our business is focused on the consumer PC
portions of the market, which has experienced a decline driven by the adoption of smaller form factors and increased competition. Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may
materially adversely affect us in the future. The success of our semi-custom SoC products is dependent on securing customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and consumer market conditions, including the success of the Sony PlayStation ® 4 and Microsoft Xbox One game console systems worldwide.    Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property.  
 In the design and development of new products and product enhancements, we rely on third-party intellectual property such as software
development tools and hardware testing tools. Furthermore, certain product features may rely on intellectual property acquired from third parties. The design requirements necessary to meet consumer demand for more features and greater functionality
from semiconductor products may exceed the capabilities of the third-party intellectual property or development tools available to us. If the third-party intellectual property that we use becomes unavailable, is not available in the time frame or
price point needed for our new products or fails to produce designs that meet customer demands, our business could be materially adversely affected.    We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other computer platform components to support our business.  
 We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other components that our
customers utilize to support our microprocessor, GPU and APU offerings. We also rely on AIBs to support our GPU and APU products. In addition, our microprocessors are not designed to function with motherboards and chipsets designed to work with
Intel microprocessors. If the designers, manufacturers, AIBs and suppliers of motherboards and other components decrease their support for our product offerings, our business could be materially adversely affected.  
 If we lose Microsoft Corporation’s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our
products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected.    Our ability to innovate beyond the
x86 instruction set controlled by Intel depends partially on Microsoft designing and developing its operating systems to run on or support our x86-based microprocessor products. With respect to our graphics products, we depend in part on Microsoft
to design and develop its operating system to run on or support our graphics products. Similarly, the success of our products in the market, such as our APU products, is dependent on independent software providers designing and developing software
to run on our products. If Microsoft does not continue to design and develop its operating systems so that they work with our x86 instruction sets or does not continue to develop and maintain their operating systems to support our graphics products,
independent software providers may forego designing their software applications to take advantage of our innovations and customers may not purchase PCs with our products. In addition, some software drivers sold with our products are certified by
Microsoft. If Microsoft did not certify a driver, or if we otherwise fail to retain the support of Microsoft or other software vendors, our ability to market our products would be materially adversely affected.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may incur future impairments of goodwill.  
 We perform our annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each year. Based on the annual goodwill
impairment analysis that we conducted during the fourth quarter of 2014, we concluded that the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to our Computing and Graphics reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, and accordingly, we recorded a
goodwill impairment charge of $233 million, which represented the entire goodwill balance within this reporting unit. Subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we monitor for any events or changes in circumstances, such as
significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management’s business strategy, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace, an inability to successfully achieve internal forecasts or
significant declines in our stock price, which may represent an indicator of goodwill impairment. The occurrence of any of these events may require us to record goodwill impairment charges in the future.  
 Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us.  
 We typically sell our products pursuant to individual purchase orders. We generally do not have long-term supply arrangements with our
customers or minimum purchase requirements except that orders generally must be for standard pack quantities. Generally, our customers may cancel orders for standard products more than 30 days prior to shipment without incurring significant fees. We
base our inventory levels in part on customers’ estimates of demand for their products, which may not accurately predict the quantity or type of our products that our customers will want in the future or ultimately end up purchasing. Our
ability to forecast demand is even further complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties throughout the
downstream channel.    PC and consumer markets are characterized by short product lifecycles, which can lead to rapid
obsolescence and price erosion. In addition, our customers may change their inventory practices on short notice for any reason. We may build inventories during periods of anticipated growth, and the cancellation or deferral of product orders or
overproduction due to failure of anticipated orders to materialize, could result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of inventory and an adverse effect on gross margins.  
 Factors that may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of the value of our inventory, a reduction in
the average selling price or a reduction in our gross margin include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a sudden or significant decrease in demand for our products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a production or design defect in our products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a failure to accurately estimate customer demand for our products, including for our older products as our new products are introduced; or
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our competitors taking aggressive pricing actions.    Because market conditions are uncertain, these and other factors could materially adversely affect our business.    Our reliance on third-party distributors and AIB partners subjects us to certain risks.    We market and sell our products directly and through third-party distributors and AIB partners pursuant to agreements that can generally be terminated for convenience by either party upon prior notice to
the other party. These agreements are non-exclusive and permit both our distributors and AIBs to offer our competitors’ products. We are dependent on our distributors and AIBs to supplement our direct marketing and sales efforts. If
 
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
any significant distributor or AIB or a substantial number of our distributors or AIBs terminated their relationship with us, decided to market our competitors’ products over our products or
decided not to market our products at all, our ability to bring our products to market would be impacted and we would be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and AIB
partners or offer the appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products, our business could be materially adversely affected.    Additionally, distributors and AIBs typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions,
as well as provide return rights for any product that we have removed from our price book and that is not more than 12 months older than the manufacturing code date. Some agreements with our distributors also contain standard stock rotation
provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. Our agreements with AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We defer the gross margins on our sales to distributors and AIBs, resulting from both our deferral of
revenue and related product costs, until the applicable products are re-sold by the distributors or the AIBs. However, in the event of a significant decline in the price of our products, the price protection rights we offer would materially
adversely affect us because our revenue and corresponding gross margin would decline.    Our inability to continue to attract and retain
qualified personnel may hinder our product development programs.    Much of our future success depends upon the continued
service of numerous qualified engineering, marketing, sales and executive personnel. If we are not able to continue to attract, train and retain qualified personnel necessary for our business, the progress of our product development programs could
be hindered, and we could be materially adversely affected. To help attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, we use share-based incentive awards such as employee stock options and non-vested share units (restricted stock units). If the
value of such stock awards does not appreciate as measured by the performance of the price of our common stock, or if our share-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain and motivate
personnel could be weakened, which could harm our results of operations. In addition, our current and any future restructuring plans may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain key employees.  
 In the event of a change of control, we may not be able to repurchase our outstanding debt as required by the applicable indentures and our Secured
Revolving Line of Credit, which would result in a default under the indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit.  
 Upon a change of control, we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes and 6.75% Notes then
outstanding at 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the repurchase date, and to offer to repurchase all of our 6.00% Notes then outstanding at 100% of the principal amount thereof,
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding the repurchase date. In addition, a change of control would be an event of default under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. As of December 27, 2014, $130 million debt was
outstanding under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit and $2.07 billion was outstanding under our notes. Future debt agreements may contain similar provisions. We may not have the financial resources to repurchase our outstanding notes and prepay
all of our outstanding obligations under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit.    The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has
experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future.    The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often in conjunction with constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand,
continuous  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
new product introductions, price erosion and declines in general economic conditions. We have incurred substantial losses in recent downturns, due to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   substantial declines in average selling prices;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the cyclical nature of supply/demand imbalances in the semiconductor industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decline in demand for end-user products (such as PCs) that incorporate our products; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   excess inventory levels.    Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future. Currently, a large portion of our business is
focused on the consumer PC portions of the market, which has experienced a decline driven by the adoption of smaller form factors and increased competition.    Global economic uncertainty and weakness have also impacted the semiconductor market as consumers and businesses have deferred purchases, which negatively impacted demand for our products. Our financial
performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns.    The growth of our business is also
dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth adjacent emerging global markets. Our ability to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to
cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. If demand from these markets is below our expectations, sales of our products may decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on us.  
 Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption
of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls.    We rely upon a number of internal business
processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support
the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. As such, our information systems will continually evolve and adapt in order to meet our business needs. These changes may be costly
and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial demands on management time.    These changes may also require
changes in our information systems, modification of internal control procedures and significant training of employees and third-party resources. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and
standardization efforts. There can be no assurance that our business and operations will not experience any disruption in connection with this transition. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers
or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches and
computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business.    In addition, as our IT environment continues to evolve, we are embracing new ways of communicating and sharing data internally and externally with customers and partners using methods such as mobility and
the cloud that can promote business efficiency. However, these practices can also result in a more distributed IT environment, making it more difficult for us to maintain visibility and control over internal and external users, and meet scalability
and administrative requirements. If our security controls cannot keep pace with the speed of these changes, or if we are not able to meet regulatory and compliance requirements, our business would be materially adversely affected.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive
information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation.    In the ordinary course of our business, we
maintain sensitive data on our networks, including our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential business information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners. The secure maintenance of this information is
critical to our business and reputation. We believe that companies have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access. These threats can come from a variety of
sources, all ranging in sophistication from an individual hacker to a state-sponsored attack. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our information systems. Over the past year, cyber-attacks have become more prevalent
and much harder to detect and defend against. Our network and storage applications may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. It is often difficult to anticipate or
immediately detect such incidents and the damage caused by such incidents. These data breaches and any unauthorized access or disclosure of our information or intellectual property could compromise our intellectual property and expose sensitive
business information. Cyber-attacks could also cause us to incur significant remediation costs, result in product development delays, disrupt key business operations and divert attention of management and key information technology resources. These
incidents could also subject us to liability, expose us to significant expense and cause significant harm to our reputation and business.  
 Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns.  
 A substantial portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes
prediction of revenues for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. In addition, our operating results tend to vary seasonally. For example, historically, first
quarter PC product sales are generally lower than fourth quarter sales. In addition, with respect to our semi-custom SoC products for game consoles, we expect sales patterns to follow the seasonal trends of a consumer business with sales in the
first half of the year being lower than sales in the second half of the year. Many of the factors that create and affect quarterly and seasonal trends are beyond our control.    If essential equipment or materials are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected.  
 We purchase equipment and materials for our internal back-end manufacturing operations from a number of suppliers and our operations
depend upon obtaining deliveries of adequate supplies of equipment and materials on a timely basis. Our third-party suppliers also depend on the same timely delivery of adequate quantities of equipment and materials in the manufacture of our
products. Certain equipment and materials that are used in the manufacture of our products are available only from a limited number of suppliers, or in some cases, a sole supplier. We also depend on a limited number of suppliers to provide the
majority of certain types of integrated circuit packages for our microprocessors, including our APU products. Similarly, certain non-proprietary materials or components such as memory, printed circuit boards (PCBs), substrates and capacitors used in
the manufacture of our products are currently available from only a limited number of sources. Because some of the equipment and materials that we and our third-party manufacturing suppliers purchase are complex, it is sometimes difficult to
substitute one supplier for another.    From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due
to capacity constraints or other factors. Also, some of these materials and components may be subject to rapid changes in price and availability. Interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry could cause shortages and price increases in
various essential materials. Dependence on a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers exacerbates these risks. If we are unable to procure certain of these materials for our back-end manufacturing operations, or our third-party foundries or
manufacturing suppliers are unable to procure materials for manufacturing our products, our business would be materially adversely affected.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  If our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware, we could
be materially adversely affected.    Our products may not be fully compatible with some or all industry-standard software
and hardware. Further, we may be unsuccessful in correcting any such compatibility problems in a timely manner. If our customers are unable to achieve compatibility with software or hardware, we could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
the mere announcement of an incompatibility problem relating to our products could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us.  
 Products as complex as those we offer may contain defects or failures when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements to
existing products are released. We cannot assure you that, despite our testing procedures, errors will not be found in new products or releases after commencement of commercial shipments in the future, which could result in loss of or delay in
market acceptance of our products, material recall and replacement costs, delay in recognition or loss of revenues, writing down the inventory of defective products, the diversion of the attention of our engineering personnel from product
development efforts, defending against litigation related to defective products or related property damage or personal injury and damage to our reputation in the industry and could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. In addition,
we may have difficulty identifying the end customers of the defective products in the field. As a result, we could incur substantial costs to implement modifications to correct defects. Any of these problems could materially adversely affect our
business.    We could be subject to potential product liability claims if one of our products causes, or merely appears to have
caused, an injury. Claims may be made by consumers or others selling our products, and we may be subject to claims against us even if an alleged injury is due to the actions of others. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to
uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business.    If we fail
to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand for our products, our business could be materially adversely affected.    Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Accordingly, we rely on our supply chain for the
manufacturing, distribution and fulfillment of our products. As we continue to grow our business, expand to high-growth adjacent markets, acquire new customers and strengthen relationships with existing customers, the efficiency of our supply chain
will become increasingly important because many of our customers tend to have specific requirements for particular products, and specific time-frames in which they require delivery of these products. If we are unable to consistently deliver the
right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management
and information technology support services.    We rely on third-party providers to operate our regional product
distribution centers and to manage the transportation of our work-in-process and finished products among our facilities, to our manufacturing suppliers and to our customers. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide certain information
technology services to us, including help desk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage administration, data center operations, database administration and voice, video and remote access.
We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to
 
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
our customers could be materially adversely affected. Also, we cannot guarantee that our contracts with these third-party providers will be renewed, in which case we would have to transition
these functions in- house or secure new providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business if the transition is not executed appropriately.    Acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and operating results or dilute, or adversely affect the price of, our common stock.  
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings and grow our business in response to changing
technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may pursue growth through the acquisition of complementary businesses, solutions or technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of
suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. Moreover, if such acquisitions require us to seek additional debt or equity financing, we may not
be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to us or at all. Even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able to assimilate and integrate effectively or efficiently the acquired business, technologies, solutions, assets,
personnel or operations, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us. Acquisitions may also involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience. Consequently, we
may not achieve anticipated benefits of the acquisitions which could harm our operating results. In addition, to complete an acquisition, we may issue equity securities, which would dilute our stockholders’ ownership and could adversely affect
the price of our common stock, as well as incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Acquisitions may also reduce our cash
available for operations and other uses, which could harm our business.    Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and
economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us.    We maintain operations around
the world, including in the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. We rely on third-party wafer foundries in Europe and Asia. Nearly all product assembly and final testing of our products is performed at manufacturing facilities, operated by us as
well as third-party manufacturing facilities, in China, Malaysia and Taiwan. We also have international sales operations. International sales, as a percent of net revenue, were 81% in 2014. We expect that international sales will continue to be a
significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future.    The political, legal and economic risks associated with our
operations in foreign countries include, without limitation:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   expropriation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in tax laws, trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties in protecting our intellectual property;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties in managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   restrictions on transfers of funds and other assets of our subsidiaries between jurisdictions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in freight and interest rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disruption in air transportation between the United States and our overseas facilities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   loss or modification of exemptions for taxes and tariffs; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to international operations, including export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations and
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners) could be subject
to natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, typhoons and volcanic eruptions that disrupt manufacturing or other operations. For example, our Sunnyvale operations are located near major earthquake fault lines in California. Any
conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including public health issues (for example, an outbreak of a contagious disease such as Avian Influenza, measles or Ebola), safety issues, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service
from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents or general economic or political factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any of the above risks, should they occur, could result in an increase in the cost of components,
production delays, general business interruptions, delays from difficulties in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, longer payment cycles, increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of
funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, any of which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business.    Worldwide political conditions may adversely affect demand for our products.    Worldwide political conditions may create uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. The United States has been and may continue to be involved in armed conflicts that could have a further
impact on our sales and our supply chain. The consequences of armed conflict, political instability or civil or military unrest are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have a material adverse effect on us. Terrorist
attacks or other hostile acts may negatively affect our operations, or adversely affect demand for our products, and such attacks or related armed conflicts may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers. Furthermore,
these attacks or hostile acts may make travel and the transportation of our products more difficult and more expensive, which could materially adversely affect us. Any of these events could cause consumer spending to decrease or result in increased
volatility in the United States economy and worldwide financial markets.    Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could
adversely affect us.    We have costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies. As a
consequence, movements in exchange rates could cause our foreign currency denominated expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue, affecting our profitability and cash flows. Whenever we believe appropriate, we hedge a portion of our short-term
foreign currency exposure to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We determine our total foreign currency exposure using projections of long-term expenditures for items such as payroll. We cannot assure you that these activities
will be effective in reducing foreign exchange rate exposure. Failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the majority of our product sales are denominated in
U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local currency can cause increases or decreases in the cost of our products in the local currency of such customers. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the
local currency could reduce sales of our products.    Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market
could have a material adverse effect on us.    We market and sell our products directly to OEMs and through authorized
third-party distributors. From time to time, our products are diverted from our authorized distribution channels and are sold on the “gray market.” Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it
difficult to forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our distribution channels compete with these heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively
impact our margins. In addition, our inability to control gray market activities could result in customer satisfaction issues because any time products are purchased outside our authorized distribution channels there is a risk that our customers are
buying counterfeit or substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled or damaged, or are used products represented as new.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and
abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses.    We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, copyrights, patents, trademarks and common law rights, such as trade secrets, to
protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from third-party infringement or from misappropriation in the United States and abroad. Any
patent licensed by us or issued to us could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or rights granted there under may not provide a competitive advantage to us.    Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual
property on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the United States and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be
compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected.    We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims
or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products.    From time to time, we are a defendant or plaintiff in various legal actions. For example, on January 15, 2014 and March 20, 2014, complaints were filed against us seeking damages for alleged
securities law violations, which are described in Note 16 of our consolidated financial statements. We also sell products to consumers, which could increase our exposure to consumer actions such as product liability claims. On occasion, we receive
claims that individuals were allegedly exposed to substances used in our former semiconductor wafer manufacturing facilities and that this alleged exposure caused harm. Litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and its outcome is
uncertain. Any claim that is successfully asserted against us, including claims in the January 15, 2014 and March 20, 2014 complaints filed against us, may result in the payment of damages that could be material to our business.
   With respect to intellectual property litigation, from time to time, we have been notified of, or third parties may bring or
have brought, actions against us and/or against our customers based on allegations that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others, contributing to or inducing the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others,
improperly claiming ownership of intellectual property or otherwise improperly using the intellectual property of others. If any such claims are asserted, we may seek to obtain a license under the third parties’ intellectual property rights. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain all of the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. These parties may file lawsuits against us or our customers seeking damages (potentially up to and including treble damages) or an
injunction against the sale of products that incorporate allegedly infringed intellectual property or against the operation of our business as presently conducted, which could result in our having to stop the sale of some of our products or to
increase the costs of selling some of our products or which could damage our reputation. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture and sale of some or all of our products could
have a material adverse effect on us. We could decide, in the alternative, to redesign our products or to resort to litigation to challenge such claims. Such challenges could be extremely expensive and time-consuming regardless of their merit, could
cause delays in product release or shipment and/or could have a material adverse effect on us. We cannot assure you that litigation related to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others can always be avoided or
successfully concluded.    Even if we were to prevail, any litigation could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the
attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us.  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A variety of environmental laws that we are subject to could result in additional costs and
liabilities.    Our operations and properties have in the past and continue to be subject to various United States and
foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to materials used in our products and manufacturing processes, discharge of pollutants into the environment, the treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous
wastes and remediation of contamination. These laws and regulations require us to obtain permits for our operations, including the discharge of air pollutants and wastewater. Although our management systems are designed to maintain compliance, we
cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with any of them, a range of consequences could result, including fines, suspension of
production, alteration of manufacturing processes, import/export restrictions, sales limitations, criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. We could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of exposure to hazardous
materials used, stored, released, disposed of by us or located at, under or emanating from our facilities or other environmental or natural resource damage. While we have budgeted for foreseeable associated expenditures, we cannot assure you that
future environmental legal requirements will not become more stringent or costly in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising
from past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances will not have a material adverse effect on us.    Certain
environmental laws, including the U.S. Comprehensive, Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or the Superfund Act, impose strict or, under certain circumstances, joint and several liability on current and previous owners or
operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances and impose liability for damages to natural resources. These laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible
for, the release of such hazardous substances. These environmental laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. Such
persons can be responsible for cleanup costs even if they never owned or operated the contaminated facility. We have been named as a responsible party at three Superfund sites in Sunnyvale, California. Although we have not yet been, we could be
named a potentially responsible party at other Superfund or contaminated sites in the future. In addition, contamination that has not yet been identified could exist at our other facilities.  
 Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union
(EU) and China are two among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic products. These regulations affect semiconductor devices and packaging. As regulations restricting
materials in electronic products continue to increase around the world, there is a risk that the cost, quality and manufacturing yields of products that are subject to these restrictions, may be less favorable compared to products that are not
subject to such restrictions, or that the transition to compliant products may not meet customer roadmaps, or produce sudden changes in demand, which may result in excess inventory. A number of jurisdictions including the EU, Australia and China are
developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications as well as additional energy consumption limits. There is the potential for certain of our products being
excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us.    Recent U.S. legislation includes disclosure
and reporting requirements for companies who use “conflict” minerals that originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We will likely incur additional costs associated with complying with these requirements, such
as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products, auditing the process and reporting to our customers and the U.S. government. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we
are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals. Moreover, we are likely to encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as “conflict free.” If
we cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor’s products.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Higher health care costs and labor costs could adversely affect our business.  
 With the passage in 2010 of the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA), we are required to provide affordable coverage,
as defined in the ACA, to all employees, or otherwise be subject to a payment per employee based on the affordability criteria in the ACA. Many of these requirements will be phased in over a period of time, with the majority of the most impactful
provisions affecting us presently anticipated to begin in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Additionally, some states and localities have passed state and local laws mandating the provision of certain levels of health benefits by some employers.
Increased health care and insurance costs could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in federal or state workplace regulations could adversely affect our ability to meet our financial targets.  
 Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities.    We are subject to income taxes in the United States, Canada and other foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary
course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the final determination of any tax audits and
litigation will not be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, there could be a material adverse effect on our
cash, income tax provision and net income in the period or periods for which that determination is made.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES    At
December 27, 2014, we owned principal research and development, engineering, manufacturing, warehouse and administrative facilities located in the Canada, China and Malaysia. These facilities totaled approximately 934,000 square feet.
   We lease our main facility with respect to our graphics and chipset products, which is located in Markham, Ontario, Canada.
This facility consists of approximately 240,000 square feet of office and research and development space. We own and operate one additional facility in Markham, Ontario which consists of approximately 123,000 square feet, including office space and
approximately 30,000 square-feet of warehouse space. We also currently own and operate two microprocessor assembly and test facilities comprising an aggregate of approximately 811,000 square feet, including office space and approximately
250,000 square feet of assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities. Our current microprocessor assembly and test facilities are located in Malaysia and China and are described in further detail in the section entitled “Assembly, Test, Mark
and Packaging Facilities,” above.    In some cases, we lease all or a portion of the land on which our facilities are
located. We lease approximately 422,000 square feet of land in Suzhou, China for our microprocessor assembly and test facilities.    As of December 27, 2014, we also leased approximately 2.5 million square feet of space for engineering, manufacturing, warehouse and administrative use, including our headquarters in Sunnyvale,
California, our principal administrative facilities in Austin, Texas, and a number of smaller regional sales offices located in commercial centers near customers, principally in the United States, Latin America, Europe and Asia. These leases expire
at varying dates through 2025, although some of these leases include optional renewals. The lease for our headquarters in Sunnyvale, California expires in December 2018, and provides for two successive 10-year
 
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
optional renewals. The lease for our principal administrative facilities in Austin, Texas expires in March 2025, and provides for one 10-year optional renewal.  
 We also have approximately 360,000 square feet of building space that is currently vacant. We continue to have lease obligations with
respect to portions of this space that expire at various dates through 2022. We are actively marketing portions of our vacant lease space for sublease.    We currently do not anticipate difficulty in either retaining occupancy of any of our facilities through lease renewals prior to expiration or through month-to-month occupancy, or replacing them with
equivalent facilities.    We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate for our present purposes, and that,
except as discussed above, the productive capacity of such facilities is substantially being utilized or we have plans to utilize it.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    Securities Class
Action    On January 15, 2014, a class action lawsuit captioned Hatamian v. AMD, et al., C.A. No. 3:14-cv-00226 was
filed against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint purports to assert claims against AMD and certain individual officers, collectively AMD, for alleged violations of Section 10(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. The plaintiffs seeks to represent a proposed class of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired our common stock during the period
April 4, 2011 through October 18, 2012. The complaint seeks damages allegedly caused by alleged materially misleading statements and/or material omissions by us and the individual officers regarding our 32nm technology and
“Llano” product, which statements and omissions, the plaintiffs claim, allegedly operated to inflate artificially the price paid for our common stock during the period. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages,
attorneys’ fees and costs. On July 7, 2014, AMD filed a motion to dismiss plaintiffs’ claims. Based upon information presently known to management, we believe that the potential liability, if any, will not have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.    Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit  
 On March 20, 2014, a purported shareholder derivative lawsuit captioned  Wessels v. Read, et al., Case No. 1:14-cv-262486  was
filed against AMD (as a nominal defendant only) and certain of our directors and officers in the Santa Clara County Superior Court of the State of California. The complaint purports to assert claims against us and certain individual directors
and officers for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks damages allegedly caused by alleged materially misleading statements and/or material omissions by us and the individual directors
and officers regarding our 32nm technology and “Llano” product, which statements and omissions, the plaintiffs claim, allegedly operated to inflate artificially the price paid for our common stock during the period. The shareholder
derivative lawsuit is currently stayed pending a decision on the motion to dismiss the class action lawsuit Hatamian v. AMD, et al. Based upon information presently known to management, we believe that the potential liability, if any, will not
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.    Environmental Matters  
 We are named as a responsible party on Superfund clean-up orders for three sites in Sunnyvale, California that are on the National
Priorities List. Since 1981, we have discovered hazardous material releases to the groundwater from former underground tanks and proceeded to investigate and conduct remediation at these three
 
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
sites. The chemicals released into the groundwater were commonly used in the semiconductor industry in the United States in the wafer fabrication process prior to 1979.  
 In 1991, we received Final Site Clean-up Requirements Orders from the California Regional Water Quality Control Board relating to the
three sites. We have entered into settlement agreements with other responsible parties on two of the orders. During the term of such agreements, other parties have agreed to assume most of the foreseeable costs as well as the primary role in
conducting remediation activities under the orders. We remain responsible for additional costs beyond the scope of the agreements as well as all remaining costs in the event that the other parties do not fulfill their obligations under the
settlement agreements.    To address anticipated future remediation costs under the orders, we have computed and recorded an
estimated environmental liability of approximately $5 million and have not recorded any potential insurance recoveries in determining the estimated costs of the cleanup. Costs could also increase as a result of additional test and remediation
obligations imposed by the Environmental Protection Agency or California Regional Water Quality Control Board. The progress of future remediation efforts cannot be predicted with certainty and these costs may change. We believe that the potential
liability, if any, in excess of amounts already accrued, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.    Other Matters    We are a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that
arose in the normal course of business. With respect to these matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss, if any, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 Not Applicable.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
 Our common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange from 1979 until the close of trading on December 31, 2014. On
January 2, 2015, we transferred the listing of our common stock to The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) under the symbol “AMD”. On February 13, 2015, there were 6,937 registered holders of our common stock, and the closing price of
our common stock was $3.15 per share as reported on Nasdaq.    The following table sets forth on a per share basis the high and
low intra-day sales prices on the New York Stock Exchange for our common stock for the periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   Fiscal Year 2014 Quarters Ended: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   March 29, 2014 
    
 $ 
 4.60 
    
    
 $ 
 3.29 
    
 
   June 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 4.50 
    
    
 $ 
 3.65 
    
 
   September 27, 2014 
    
 $ 
 4.80 
    
    
 $ 
 3.60 
    
 
   December 27, 2014 
    
 $ 
 3.66 
    
    
 $ 
 2.35 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
 
   Fiscal Year 2013 Quarters Ended: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   March 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 2.93 
    
    
 $ 
 2.28 
    
 
   June 29, 2013 
    
 $ 
 4.42 
    
    
 $ 
 2.26 
    
 
   September 28, 2013 
    
 $ 
 4.65 
    
    
 $ 
 3.25 
    
 
   December 28, 2013 
    
 $ 
 4.13 
    
    
 $ 
 3.04 
    
   Currently, we do not have any plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Under the terms of our
indentures for our 6.75% Notes, 7.00% Notes, 7.75% Notes and 7.50% Notes, we are prohibited from paying cash dividends if the aggregate amount of dividends and other restricted payments made by us since entering into each indenture would exceed the
sum of specified financial measures including fifty percent of consolidated net income as that term is defined in the indentures. We are prohibited from paying cash dividends on our common stock during a Domestic Cash Trigger Period under our
Secured Revolving Line of Credit, which includes a period during which our domestic cash or cash equivalents held in certain accounts is at any time less than $250 million.    For information about our equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 11, below.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Graph  
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Returns    Advanced Micro Devices, S&P 500 Index and S&P 500 Semiconductor Index    The following graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total return on our common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Semiconductor Index from December 25, 2009 through
December 27, 2014. The past performance of our common stock is no indication of future performance.        


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Base 
 Period 
 12/24/2009 
   
    
 Years Ending 
   
 
 Company / Index 
    
    
 12/25/2010 
   
    
 12/31/2011 
   
    
 12/29/2012 
   
    
 12/28/2013 
   
    
 12/27/2014 
   


 
   Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 
    
   
 100 
    
    
   
 81.13 
    
    
   
 54.49 
    
    
   
 23.01 
    
    
   
 38.14 
    
    
   
 26.74 
    
 
   S&P 500 Index 
    
   
 100 
    
    
   
 113.82 
    
    
   
 116.31 
    
    
   
 132.67 
    
    
   
 177.94 
    
    
   
 205.98 
    
 
   S&P 500 Semiconductors Index 
    
   
 100 
    
    
   
 110.88 
    
    
   
 113.97 
    
    
   
 108.05 
    
    
   
 148.09 
    
    
   
 206.36 
    
 
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 Five Years Ended December 27, 2014    (In millions except per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 (1) 
   
   
 2013 (1) 
   
   
 2012 (1) 
   
   
 2011 (1) 
   
   
 2010 (1) 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,506 
    
   
 $ 
 5,299 
    
   
 $ 
 5,422 
    
   
 $ 
 6,568 
    
   
 $ 
 6,494 
    
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations (2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) 
    
   
 (403 
 )  
   
   
 (83 
 )  
   
   
 (1,183 
 )  
   
   
 495 
    
   
   
 471 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (8) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to AMD common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 (403 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,183 
 )  
   
 $ 
 491 
    
   
 $ 
 471 
    
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to AMD common stockholders per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.68 
    
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
 
   Discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Basic net income (loss) attributable to AMD common stockholders per common share 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.68 
    
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.67 
    
   
 $ 
 0.64 
    
 
   Discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Diluted net income (loss) attributable to AMD common stockholders per common share 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
   
 $ 
 0.64 
    
 
   Shares used in per share calculation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 768 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 741 
    
   
   
 727 
    
   
   
 711 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 768 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 741 
    
   
   
 742 
    
   
   
 733 
    
 
   Long-term debt and other long term liabilities (9) 
    
 $ 
 2,140 
    
   
 $ 
 2,175 
    
   
 $ 
 2,065 
    
   
 $ 
 1,590 
    
   
 $ 
 2,270 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,767 
    
   
 $ 
 4,337 
    
   
 $ 
 4,000 
    
   
 $ 
 4,954 
    
   
 $ 
 4,964 
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   2014, 2013, 2012 and 2010 consisted of 52 weeks, whereas 2011 consisted of 53 weeks.  
 
 
 (2)   
   In 2010, we entered into a settlement agreement with Samsung. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Samsung agreed to pay us $283 million, net of
withholding taxes. We recorded this amount as a gain in 2010. In 2013, we entered into licenses and settlements regarding patent-related matters. Pursuant to these licenses and settlements, we received in aggregate, $48 million, net, which we
recorded within net legal settlements in 2013.  
 
 
 (3 )  
 
   During 2010, we deconsolidated GF and began to account for our ownership interest in GF under the equity method of accounting. We recorded a non-cash
gain of $325 million on deconsolidation of GF and a loss of $462 million for our share of GF’s operating results in 2010. During 2011, we changed the method of accounting for our investment in GF from the equity method to the cost method of
accounting. As a result of the change, we recognized a non-cash gain of approximately $492 million, net of certain transaction related charges. In 2011, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $209 million related to our investment
in GF.  
 
 
 (4 )  
 
   During the first quarter of 2012, we entered into a second amendment to the WSA with GF. The primary effect of this amendment was to modify certain
pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor and APU products, to be delivered by GF to us during 2012. As a result of the amendment, we recorded a $703 million charge during the first quarter of 2012. During the
fourth quarter of 2012, we entered into a third amendment to the WSA. Pursuant to the third amendment, we modified our wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 made pursuant to the second amendment to the WSA. In addition, we agreed
to certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor and APU products, to be delivered by GF to us from the fourth quarter of 2012 through December 31, 2013. Pursuant to the third amendment, GF agreed to
waive a portion of our production wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012. In consideration for this waiver, we agreed to pay GF a fee of $320 million, which resulted in a $273 million lower of cost or market charge recorded in the
fourth quarter of 2012.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (5)   
   In 2014, 2012 and 2011, we implemented restructuring plans and incurred net charges of $58 million, $6 million, $100 million and $100 million in 2014,
2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, which primarily consisted of severance and related employee benefits.  
 
 
 (6)   
   In 2014, we incurred other special charges of $13 million primarily related to the departure of our former CEO. In 2013, we sold and leased back
buildings in various locations and land in Austin, Texas, for which we recorded a net charge of $24 million in other special charges.  
 
 
 (7)   
   In 2014, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $233 million related to our Computing and Graphics segment. Also in 2014, we recorded a $58
million lower of cost or market inventory adjustment related to our second generation APU products.  
 
 
 (8)   
   In 2008, we sold our Digital Television business to Broadcom Corporation for $141.5 million and classified it as discontinued operations. In 2011, we
recorded a charge of $4 million in connection with a payment to Broadcom related to this asset sale.  
 
 
 (9)   
   Total long-term debt and other long term liabilities increased by $110 million from 2012 to 2013, primarily due to obligations associated with the
license of $157 million of new technology and software, partially offset by the repurchase of $50 million in principal amount of our 6.00% Notes (which is a portion of our outstanding 6.00% Notes). Total long-term debt and other long term
liabilities increased by $475 million from 2011 to 2012, primarily due to an issuance of $500 million principal amount of our 7.50% Notes. Total long-term debt and other long term liabilities decreased by $680 million from 2010 to 2011, primarily
due to the repurchase of $200 million in principal amount of our 6.00% Notes (which is a portion of our outstanding 6.00% Notes) and reclassification of $485 million in principal amount of our 5.75% Notes to the current portion of long-term debt.
 
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements as of December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2014 and related notes, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as with the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including “Part I, Item 1: Business,” “Part II, Item 6: Selected Financial Data” and “Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”  
 Introduction    We are a
global semiconductor company with facilities worldwide. Within the global semiconductor industry, we offer primarily:      
 
 
   
 (i) 
 x86 microprocessors, as standalone devices or as incorporated as an accelerated processing unit (APU), chipsets, discrete graphics processing units (GPUs) and
professional graphics; and      
 
 
   
 (ii) 
 server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products and technology for game consoles.  
 In this MD&A, we will describe the results of operations and the financial condition for us and our consolidated subsidiaries,
including a discussion of our results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012, an analysis of changes in our financial condition and a discussion of our contractual obligations and off balance sheet arrangements.
   Overview  
 Net revenue for 2014 was $5.5 billion, an increase of 4% compared to 2013 net revenue of $5.3 billion. The increase in net revenue from
2013 was due to a 51% increase in Embedded, Enterprise and Semi-Custom segment revenue, primarily due to higher semi-custom SoC sales. The annual increase in Embedded, Enterprise and Semi-Custom segment net revenue was offset by a 16% decrease in
Computing and Graphics segment net revenue. The annual decrease in the Computing and Graphics segment was primarily due to lower desktop processor and chipset sales. While we believe the pace of the decline in the PC market is slowing, our annual
Computing and Graphics segment results reflect the ongoing challenges of a competitive consumer PC market.  
 During 2014, as part of our strategy to transform our business to attain approximately 50% of our revenue from
high-growth adjacent markets by the end of 2015, we continued to focus on introducing a more diverse product portfolio. By the end of 2014, we derived approximately 40% of our annual revenues from high-growth markets. In the second quarter of 2014,
we announced our ambidextrous computing roadmap to develop custom high-performance ARM and x86 processor cores for 2016. At the same time, we publicly demonstrated the AMD Opteron™ A1100 Series, our first 64-bit ARM-based server processor based
on 28 nanometer (nm) technology. During 2014, we continued to experience strong demand for our AMD semi-custom SoCs that are found in Sony PlayStation ® 4 and Microsoft Xbox One. We also launched a number of new embedded products during 2014, including the second-generation AMD Embedded R-series APU and CPU, the new
x86 AMD Embedded G-Series SoC, the AMD Embedded G-Series CPU and the AMD Embedded Radeon™ E8860 GPU. We also continued to develop and introduce differentiated products in 2014. We expanded our notebook APU offerings in 2014 with the
introduction of the AMD 2014 Performance Mobile APU designed for ultrathin and high-performance mobile PCs, the AMD Pro A-Series APU for commercial PCs and the third-generation AMD mainstream and low-powered mobile APU designed for commercial and
consumer mobile devices. We also launched a number of graphics products in 2014, including the AMD Radeon™ R9 295X2 and AMD Radeon™ R9 285 designed for performance gaming.  
 In 2014, we made progress in improving our balance sheet by re-profiling our debt maturity schedule. During 2014, we repurchased $487
million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (6.00% Notes), reducing the outstanding aggregate principal amount to $42 million. We repurchased  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
$500 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.125% Senior Notes due 2017 (8.125% Notes). We also repurchased $50 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 (7.75%
Notes) in open market transactions, and $25 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 (7.50% Notes). The repurchases of the 7.75% Notes and 7.50% Notes were funded with our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. To assist
us in financing these note repurchases, during 2014, we issued $500 million of 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024 (7.00% Notes) and $600 million of 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (6.75% Notes). Total debt as of the end December 27, 2014 was $2.2 billion
compared to $2.1 billion as of December 28, 2013. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 27, 2014 were $1.0 billion compared to $1.2 billion as of December 28, 2013.  
 GLOBALFOUNDRIES    Formation and
Accounting    On March 2, 2009, we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement
among us, Advanced Technology Investment Company LLC (currently known as Mubadala Technology Investments LLC (Mubadala Tech)) and West Coast Hitech L.P. (WCH), pursuant to which we formed GF. In connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement, AMD, Mubadala Tech and GF entered into a Wafer Supply Agreement (the WSA), a Funding Agreement (the Funding Agreement) and a Shareholders’ Agreement (the Shareholders’ Agreement) on
March 2, 2009.    At GF’s formation on March 2, 2009 and through December 26, 2009, GF was deemed a
variable-interest entity, and we were deemed to be GF’s primary beneficiary. Accordingly, we consolidated GF under applicable accounting rules. As a result of certain GF governance changes, we deconsolidated GF and accounted for our GF
ownership under the equity method of accounting as of December 27, 2009. Following the deconsolidation, GF became our related party.    In the first quarter of 2011, as a result of a contribution to GF by an affiliate of Mubadala Tech and certain GF governance changes noted above, our ownership in GF was diluted, and we concluded that we
no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over GF. Accordingly, we changed our accounting for our investment in GF from the equity method to the cost method of accounting and recognized a dilution gain in investee of approximately
$492 million. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we identified indicators of impairment in GF that were deemed other than temporary. We performed a valuation analysis and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $209 million. The carrying value of our
remaining investment in GF after the impairment charge was $278 million as of December 31, 2011.    On March 4, 2012,
as partial consideration for certain rights received under a second amendment to the WSA, we transferred to GF all of the remaining capital stock of GF that we owned. In addition, as of March 4, 2012, the Funding Agreement was terminated, and
we were no longer party to the Shareholders’ Agreement. As a result of these transactions, we no longer owned any GF capital stock as of March 4, 2012.    GF continues to be a related party of us because Mubadala Development Company PJSC (Mubadala) and Mubadala Tech are affiliated with WCH, our largest stockholder. WCH and Mubadala Tech are wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Mubadala.    Wafer Supply Agreement    The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF. Pursuant to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited
exceptions. If we acquire a third-party business that manufactures microprocessor and APU products, we will have up to two years to transition the manufacture of such microprocessor and APU products to GF.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The WSA terminates no later than March 2, 2024. GF has agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to assist us to transition the supply of products to another provider and to continue to fulfill purchase orders for up to two years following the termination or expiration of the WSA. During the transition period, pricing for
microprocessor and APU products will remain as set forth in the WSA, but our purchase commitments to GF will no longer apply.  
 On April 2, 2011, we entered into a first amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the first amendment was to change the pricing
methodology applicable to wafers delivered in 2011 for our microprocessors and APU products. The first amendment also modified our existing commitments regarding the production of certain GPU and chipset products at GF.  
 On March 4, 2012, we entered into a second amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the second amendment was to modify certain
pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor and APU products, to be delivered by GF to us during 2012. Under the terms of the second amendment to the WSA, GF granted us rights to contract with another wafer foundry
supplier with respect to specified 28nm products for a specified period of time (the limited waiver of exclusivity). In consideration for the limited waiver of exclusivity, we recorded a charge of $703 million in the first quarter of 2012 consisting
of a $425 million cash payment and a $278 million non-cash charge representing the transfer to GF of our remaining investment in GF at fair value.    On December 6, 2012, we entered into a third amendment to the WSA. Pursuant to the third amendment, we modified our wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 made pursuant to the
second amendment to the WSA. In addition, we agreed to certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor and APU products, to be delivered by GF to us from the fourth quarter of 2012 through December 31,
2013. Pursuant to the third amendment, GF agreed to waive a portion of our wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012. In consideration for this waiver, we agreed to pay GF a fee of $320 million. As a result, we recorded a lower of
cost or market charge of $273 million for the write-down of inventory to its market value in the fourth quarter of 2012. The cash impact of this $320 million fee was paid over several quarters, with $80 million paid on December 28, 2012, $40
million paid on April 1, 2013 and $200 million paid on December 31, 2013.    On March 30, 2014, we entered into a
fourth amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the fourth amendment was to establish volume purchase commitments and fixed pricing for the 2014 calendar year as well as to modify certain other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for some of
our microprocessor, graphics processor and semi-custom game console products to be delivered by GF to us during the 2014 calendar year.    We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material.  
 Our total purchases from GF related to wafer manufacturing and research and development activities for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $1.0
billion, $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively.    Critical Accounting Estimates  
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an
on-going basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill impairments and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Although actual results have historically been reasonably consistent with management’s expectations, the actual results may differ from
these estimates or our estimates may be affected by different assumptions or conditions.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Management believes the following critical accounting estimates are the most significant to
the presentation of our financial statements and require the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.    Revenue
Allowances.     We record a provision for estimated sales returns and allowances on product sales for estimated future price reductions and other customer incentives in the same period that the related revenues are recorded.
We base these estimates on actual historical sales returns, historical allowances, historical price reductions, market activity and other known or anticipated trends and factors. These estimates are subject to management’s judgment and actual
provisions could be different from our estimates and current provisions, resulting in future adjustments to our revenue and operating results.     Inventory Valuation.     At each balance sheet date, we evaluate our ending inventories for excess quantities and obsolescence based on projected sales outlook. This evaluation
includes analysis of historical sales levels by product and projections of future demand. These projections assist us in determining the carrying value of our inventory. In addition, we write off inventories that we consider obsolete. We adjust the
remaining specific inventory balances to approximate the lower of our standard manufacturing cost or market value. Among other factors, management considers forecasted demand in relation to the inventory on hand, competitiveness of product
offerings, market conditions and product life cycles when determining obsolescence and market value. If, in any period, we anticipate future demand or market conditions to be less favorable than our previous estimates, additional inventory
write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of sales in the period the revision is made. This would have a negative impact on our gross margin in that period. If in any period we are able to sell inventories that were not valued or
that had been written down in a previous period, related revenues would be recorded without any offsetting charge to cost of sales, resulting in a net benefit to our gross margin in that period.   
 Goodwill.     Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if there are indicators of impairment present.   
 We perform an annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each year. We evaluate whether goodwill
has been impaired at the reporting unit level by first determining whether the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value and, if so, by determining whether the implied fair value of goodwill within the reporting unit
is less than the carrying value. The implied fair value of a reporting unit is determined through the application of one or more valuation models common to our industry, including the income, market and cost approaches. While market valuation data
for comparable companies is gathered and analyzed, we believe that there has not been sufficient comparability between the peer groups and the specific reporting units to allow for the derivation of reliable indications of value using a market
approach. Therefore, we have ultimately employed the income approach which requires estimates of present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on management’s estimates of revenue growth rates and operating
margins, taking into consideration industry and market condition. The key assumptions we have used to determine the fair value of our reporting units includes projected cash flows for the next 10 years and discount rates ranging from 13% to 19% from
2012 to 2014. The discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit’s ability to execute on the
projected cash flows. A variance in the discount rate could have a significant impact on the amount of the goodwill impairment charge recorded, if any.    Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and
operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions and the determination of appropriate comparable publicly-traded companies. In addition, we make certain judgments
and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to individual reporting units to determine the carrying amount of each reporting unit.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For the annual goodwill impairment analysis in 2014, we determined that the carrying value
of the Computing and Graphics reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value and accordingly an impairment charge of $233 million was recorded, which represented the entire goodwill balance within this reporting unit. The remaining two reporting
units’ estimated fair values exceeded their carrying value, ranging from approximately 156% to approximately 209%. In estimating the fair value of our reporting units, we took into consideration the challenging industry and market trends that
existed as of September 28, 2014, the date of the annual goodwill impairment test for each respective reporting unit.  
 Based on the results of our annual analysis of goodwill in 2013 and 2012, each reporting unit’s fair value exceeded its carrying
value, indicating that there was no goodwill impairment.    Estimates of fair value for all or our reporting units can be
affected by a variety of external and internal factors. Potential events or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the key assumptions we used in estimating the fair value of our reporting units include adverse changes
in our industry, increased competition, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace or to achieve internal forecasts, and a decline in our stock price. If the estimated fair value of our reporting units declines due to any
of these factors, we may be required to record future goodwill impairment.    Income Taxes.     In
determining taxable income for financial statement reporting purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments are applied in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the
recoverability of deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the recognition of assets and liabilities for tax and financial statement reporting purposes.   
 We must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we must increase our
charge to income tax expense, in the form of a valuation allowance, for the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. We consider past performance, future expected taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies in determining the need for a valuation allowance.    In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves
dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authority. If our estimates of these taxes are greater or less
than actual results, an additional tax benefit or charge will result. We recognize the interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and income tax expense, respectively.  
 Results of Operations  
 Management, including the Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses our operating
performance using segment net revenue and operating income (loss) before interest, other income (expense), net, and income taxes. These performance measures include the allocation of expenses to the operating segments based on management’s
judgment. In connection with our continued strategic transformation, effective July 1, 2014, we realigned our organizational structure. As a result of this organizational change, we have the following two reportable segments:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Computing and Graphics segment, which primarily includes desktop and notebook processors and chipsets, discrete GPUs and professional graphics; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, which primarily includes server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom SoC products,
engineering services and royalties.    Effective October 8, 2014, Dr. Lisa T. Su became our
Chief Executive Officer, succeeding Rory P. Read. This management change did not result in a change in our reportable segments or to the fact that the Chief Operating Decision Maker is our Chief Executive Officer.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition to these reportable segments, we have an All Other category, which is not a
reportable segment. This category primarily includes certain expenses and credits that are not allocated to any of the reportable segments because management does not consider these expenses and credits in evaluating the performance of the
reportable segments. Also included in this category are amortization of acquired intangible assets, employee stock-based compensation expense, net restructuring and other special charges, workforce rebalancing severance charges, goodwill impairment
charge, significant or unusual lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, loss on debt repurchases, a charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF and a net gain from licenses and settlement agreements regarding patent-related
matters. We also reported the results of former businesses in the All Other category because the operating results were not material. In addition, during 2014, we reclassified $273 million of lower of cost or market inventory adjustment previously
recorded in Computing and Graphics segment in 2012 to All Other category to conform with the current year’s presentation.  
 We intend the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist you in
understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, the primary factors that resulted in those changes and how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our
financial statements.    We use a 52 or 53 week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The years ended
December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012 each included 52 weeks. References in this report to 2014, 2013 and 2012 refer to the fiscal year unless explicitly stated otherwise.  
 The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment and income (loss) before income taxes for
2014, 2013 and 2012. The prior period results have been recast to reflect our new reportable segments.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Net revenue: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Computing and Graphics 
    
 $ 
 3,132 
    
   
 $ 
 3,720 
    
   
 $ 
 4,724 
    
 
   Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 
    
   
 2,374 
    
   
   
 1,577 
    
   
   
 698 
    
 
   All Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Total net revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,506 
    
   
 $ 
 5,299 
    
   
 $ 
 5,422 
    
 
   Operating income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Computing and Graphics 
    
 $ 
 (76 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (101 
 )  
   
 $ 
 129 
    
 
   Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 
    
   
 399 
    
   
   
 295 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   All Other 
    
   
 (478 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 (1,203 
 )  
 
   Total operating income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (155 
 )  
   
 $ 
 103 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,056 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (175 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense), net 
    
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Loss before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 (398 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (74 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,217 
 )  
   Computing and Graphics    Computing and Graphics net revenue of $3.1 billion in 2014 decreased by 16% compared to $3.7 billion in 2013 as a result of a 27% decrease in unit shipments, partially offset by a 15% increase in average
selling price. The decrease in unit shipments was primarily attributable to lower unit shipments of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipsets due to challenging consumer PC market conditions and our chipsets being
integrated into our APU products. The increase in average selling price was primarily attributable to an increase in average selling price of our microprocessor products due to improved product mix of our microprocessor products for desktop and
notebook PCs.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Computing and Graphics net revenue of $3.7 billion in 2013 decreased by 21% compared to $4.7
billion in 2012 as a result of a 23% decrease in unit shipments and a 2% increase in average selling price. The decrease in unit shipments was primarily attributable to lower unit shipments of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook
PCs, chipset products and GPU products. The increase in average selling price was primarily attributable to an increase in average selling price of our GPU products, partially offset by a decrease in average selling price of our microprocessor
products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipset products. Unit shipments and average selling price for microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipset products decreased primarily due to challenging market conditions and the
increasing popularity of tablets as a consumer device of choice, which resulted in decreased demand for our products.  
 Computing and Graphics operating loss was $76 million in 2014 compared to an operating loss of $101 million in 2013. The improvement in
operating results was primarily due to a $323 million decrease in cost of sales, a $201 million decrease in research and development expenses and a $89 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the
decrease in net revenue referenced above. Cost of sales decreased primarily due to lower unit shipments in 2014 compared to 2013. Operating loss in 2014 included a $19 million benefit from technology licensing revenue. In addition, operating loss in
2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of inventory that had been previously reserved in the third quarter of 2012, as compared to a similar $8 million benefit in 2014. Research and development expenses and marketing, general and
administrative expenses decreased for the reasons set forth under “Expenses,” below.    Computing and Graphics
operating loss was $101 million in 2013 compared to an operating income of $129 million in 2012. The decline in operating results was primarily due to the decrease in net revenue referenced above, partially offset by a $582 million decrease in cost
of sales, a $154 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses and a $37 million decrease in research and development expenses. Cost of sales decreased primarily due to lower unit shipments in 2013 compared to 2012 as well as
the absence of the inventory write-down of approximately $100 million during the third quarter of 2012 as a result of lower than anticipated future demand for certain products, mainly first generation A-Series APU products, codenamed
“Llano”. In addition, operating loss for 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of inventory that had been previously reserved in the third quarter of 2012. Marketing, general and administrative expenses and research and
development expenses decreased for the reasons set forth under “Expenses,” below.    Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom
   Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom net revenue of $2.4 billion in 2014 increased by 51% compared to net revenue of
$1.6 billion in 2013. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net revenue received in connection with higher unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products, which we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013.  
 Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom net revenue of $1.6 billion in 2013 increased by 126% compared to net revenue of $0.7 billion in
2012. The increase was primarily due to net revenue received in connection with sales of our semi-custom SoC products, which we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013, partially offset by a decrease in net revenue from server products. Net
revenue from sales of server products decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to lower unit shipments, as well as lower average selling price due to challenging market conditions, which adversely impacted demand.  
 Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom operating income was $399 million in 2014 compared to $295 million in 2013. The improvement in
operating results was primarily due to the increase in net revenue referenced above, partially offset by a $614 million increase in cost of sales, a $64 million increase in research and development expenses and a $15 million increase in marketing,
general and administrative expenses. The increase in cost of sales was primarily due to an increase in unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products in 2014 compared to 2013. In addition, operating income in 2014 included an $8 million benefit from
technology license revenue. Research and development expenses and marketing, general and administrative expenses increased for the reasons set forth under “Expenses” below.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom operating income was $295 million in 2013 compared to
$18 million in 2012. The improvement in operating results was primarily due to the increase in net revenue referenced above, partially offset by a $702 million increase in cost of sales and a $12 million increase in marketing, general and
administrative expenses, partially offset by a $112 million decrease in research and development expenses. The increase in cost of sales was primarily due to the commencement of unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products in the second quarter of
2013. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased and research and development expenses decreased for the reasons set forth under “Expenses” below.    All Other    All Other revenue pertains to results from former
businesses, which were immaterial in 2014, 2013 and 2012.    All Other operating loss of $478 million in 2014 included a
goodwill impairment charge of $233 million, stock-based compensation expense of $81 million, net restructuring and other special charges of $71 million, lower of cost or market inventory adjustment of $58 million, $14 million related to workforce
rebalancing severance charges, $14 million related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and $7 million related to other expenses.    All Other operating loss of $91 million in 2013 included stock-based compensation expense of $91 million, net restructuring and other special charges of $30 million and $18 million related to amortization
of acquired intangible assets. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we entered into licenses and settlements regarding patent-related matters, for which we received in aggregate $48 million in net cash, which we recorded as an offset to operating
expenses.    All Other operating loss of $1.2 billion in 2012 included a $703 million charge related to the limited waiver of
exclusivity from GF, lower of cost or market inventory adjustment of $273 million related to the fee for GF’s waiver of a portion of our obligations, $100 million of net restructuring charges, stock-based compensation expense of $97 million,
$14 million related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and $6 million related to our acquisition of SeaMicro, Inc. (SeaMicro) in 2012.    Comparison of Gross Margin, Expenses, Interest Income, Interest Expense, Other Income (Expense), Net and Income Taxes    The following is a summary of certain consolidated statement of operations data for 2014, 2013 and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
      
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
      
 (In millions, except for percentages) 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
      
 $ 
 3,667 
    
   
 $ 
 3,321 
    
   
 $ 
 4,187 
    
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 1,839 
    
   
   
 1,978 
    
   
   
 1,235 
    
 
   Gross margin percentage 
      
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   Research and development 
      
   
 1,072 
    
   
   
 1,201 
    
   
   
 1,354 
    
 
   Marketing, general and administrative 
      
   
 604 
    
   
   
 674 
    
   
   
 823 
    
 
   Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
      
   
 14 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Restructuring and other special charges, net 
      
   
 71 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 100 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment charge 
      
   
 233 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Legal settlements, net 
      
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Interest income 
      
   
 3 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Interest expense 
      
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (175 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense), net 
      
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
      
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   
 $ 
 (34 
 )  
 
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Gross Margin    Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 33% in 2014 compared to 37% in 2013. Gross margin in 2014 included a $58 million lower of cost or market inventory adjustment, which accounted for one gross
margin percentage point, and a $27 million benefit from technology licensing revenue, which accounted for less than one gross margin percentage point. Gross margin in 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of inventory that was
previously reserved in the third quarter of 2012, which accounted for one gross margin percentage point as compared to $8 million in 2014 which had a less than one percentage point impact. Gross margin in 2014 was adversely impacted by lower average
gross margins in our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment driven by increased sales of lower margin semi-custom SoC products.    Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 37% in 2013 compared to 23% in 2012. Gross margin in 2012 included a $703 million charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF, a lower of
cost or market charge of $273 million and a $5 million charge recorded to cost of sales related to a legal settlement. Absent the effect of these charges, which we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance, our gross margin
would have been 41% in 2012 compared to 37% in 2013. Gross margin in 2013 was adversely impacted by the lower average gross margins in our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment primarily driven by lower margin semi-custom SoC products, which
we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013. Gross margin in 2012 was adversely impacted by an inventory write-down of $100 million during the third quarter of 2012 as a result of lower than anticipated future demand for certain products, mainly
first generation A-Series APU products, codenamed “Llano,” which accounted for two gross margin percentage points. Gross margin in 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of this previously reserved inventory, which accounted for
one gross margin percentage point.    Expenses    Research and Development Expenses    Research and development expenses of
$1.1 billion in 2014 decreased by $129 million, or 11%, compared to $1.2 billion in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to a $201 million decrease in research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment, partially
offset by a $64 million increase in research and development expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment and a $9 million increase in the All Other category related to a workforce rebalancing severance charge recorded
in the first quarter of 2014. Research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment decreased primarily due to a $171 million decrease in product engineering and design costs, a $22 million decrease in other employee
compensation and benefit expenses and a $10 million decrease in manufacturing process technology expenses. Research and development expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, where we expect to continue to increase
our investment, increased primarily due to a $59 million increase in product engineering and design costs and a $3 million increase in other employee compensation and benefit expenses.  
 Research and development expenses of $1.2 billion in 2013 decreased by $153 million, or 11%, compared to $1.4 billion in 2012. The
decrease was primarily due to a $112 million decrease in research and development expense attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, a $37 million decrease in research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and
Graphics segment and a $4 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense recorded in the All Other category. Research and development expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment decreased as a result of a $103
million decrease in product engineering costs and a $9 million decrease in manufacturing process technology expenses. The decrease in research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment was primarily due to a $38
million decrease in product engineering costs and a $35 million decrease in manufacturing process technology expenses, partially offset by a $34 million increase in other employee compensation and benefit expenses.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Marketing, General and Administrative Expenses  
 Marketing, general and administrative expenses of $604 million in 2014 decreased by $70 million, or 10%, compared to $674 million in 2013.
The decrease was primarily due to an $89 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment, partially offset by a $15 million increase in marketing, general and administrative
expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment and a $5 million increase in the All Other category related to a workforce rebalancing severance charge recorded in the first quarter of 2014. Marketing, general and
administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment decreased primarily due to a $61 million decrease in sales and marketing activities and a $25 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses. Marketing,
general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment increased primarily due to an $8 million increase in sales and marketing activities and a $5 million increase in other general and administrative
expenses.    Marketing, general and administrative expenses of $674 million in 2013 decreased by $149 million, or 18%, compared
to $823 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a $154 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment and a $6 million decrease in the All Other category due to the
absence of SeaMicro acquisition-related costs recorded in 2012, partially offset by a $12 million increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Marketing, general and
administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment decreased primarily due to a $93 million decrease in sales and marketing activities and a $72 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses, partially offset
by a $10 million increase in other employee compensation and benefit expense. Marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Solutions segment increased primarily due to a $33 million increase
in other general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a $20 million decrease in sales and marketing activities.    Legal
Settlements    During the fourth quarter of 2013, we entered into licenses and settlement agreements regarding patent-related
matters for which we received in aggregate $48 million in net cash, which we recorded as an offset to operating expenses. At the time we entered into the agreements, we did not have any future obligations that we were required to perform in order to
earn the settlement payments. Accordingly, we recognized the entire settlement amount in our operating results for the fourth quarter of 2013.  
 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets    Amortization of acquired intangible assets was $14 million in 2014, $18 million in 2013 and $14 million in 2012. The decrease from 2013 to 2014 was due to the reduced amortization base amount of acquired
intangible assets of ATI. The increase from 2012 to 2013 was due to amortization of the intangible assets of SeaMicro, which we acquired in 2012.    Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net    Effects of Restructuring Plans
   2014 Restructuring Plan    In October 2014, we implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve operating efficiencies. The plan involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%, largely completed by the end of
2014, and an alignment of our real estate footprint with the reduced headcount, largely expected to be completed by the end of first half of 2015. We recorded a $57 million restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 2014, which consisted of $44
million for severance and costs related to the continuation of certain employee benefits, $6 million for contract or program termination costs, $1 million for facilities related costs and $6 million for asset impairments,
 
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
a non-cash charge. In accordance with the restructuring plan, we expect to record a restructuring charge of approximately $13 million in 2015, primarily related to real estate actions. We made
cash payments of $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and expect to make cash payments of $34 million and $8 million in 2015 and 2016, respectively.    2012 Restructuring Plan    In the fourth quarter of 2012, we
implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve our cost structure and to strengthen our competitiveness in core growth areas. The plan primarily involved a workforce reduction of approximately 14% as well as asset impairments and facility
consolidations. We recorded restructuring expense in the fourth quarter of 2012 of approximately $90 million, which was primarily comprised of employee severance. The non-cash portion of the restructuring expense included approximately $4 million of
asset impairments. In 2014 and 2013, we incurred costs of $3 million and $11 million, respectively, related to facility consolidation and site closures, which were partially offset by the release of estimated employee-related severance costs of $5
million and $2 million, respectively. The 2012 restructuring plan was largely completed as of the end of the third quarter of 2013.    2011 Restructuring Plan    In 2012, we recorded an approximately $8
million for severance and costs related to certain employee benefits. The 2011 restructuring plan was completed as of the end of the first quarter of 2012.    The following table provides a summary of the restructuring activities during 2014 and 2013 and the remaining related liabilities recorded in “Accrued and other current liabilities” and
“Other long-term liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 27, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Severance and related benefits 
   
   
   Other exit 
 Related 
 Costs 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Balance at December 29, 2012 
    
 $ 
 41 
    
   
 $ 
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 58 
    
 
   Charges (reversals), net 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (33 
 )  
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 (54 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 28, 2013 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Charges (reversals), net 
    
   
 42 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 58 
    
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   Non-cash charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 27, 2014 
    
 $ 
 26 
    
   
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 39 
    
   The following table provides a summary of each major type of cost associated with the 2014, 2012 and 2011
restructuring plans for the periods presented:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Severance and benefits charges (reversals), net 
    
 $ 
 42 
    
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 95 
    
 
   Contract or program termination charges 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Asset impairments 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Facility consolidation and closure charges 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 58 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 100 
    
 
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sale and Leaseback Transactions  
 In September 2013, we sold a light industrial building in Singapore and leased back a portion of the original space. We received net cash
proceeds of $46 million in connection with the sale, which resulted in a $17 million gain that we recorded in the third quarter of 2013 and a deferred gain of $14 million (as of September 28, 2013) that is being amortized over the initial
operating lease term. The initial operating lease term expires in September 2023 and provides for options to extend the operating lease for 4 years at the end of the initial lease term and for an additional 3.5 years thereafter.  
 In September 2013, we also sold an office building in Austin, Texas. We received net cash proceeds of $10 million in connection with the
sale and recorded a $5 million gain in the third quarter of 2013.    In March 2013, we sold and leased back certain land and
office buildings in Austin, Texas. We received net cash proceeds of $164 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $52 million charge in the first quarter of 2013. The operating lease expires in March 2025 and provides for one 10-year
optional renewal.    In March 2013, we also sold an office building in Markham, Ontario, Canada and leased back a portion of the
original space through June 2013. We received net cash proceeds of $13 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $6 million gain in the first quarter of 2013.    The net charge of $24 million recognized in 2013 related to the real estate transactions described above is recorded in the “Restructuring and other special charges, net” line item on the
consolidated statements of operations.    Executive Officer Separation  
 In the fourth quarter of 2014, we recorded other special charges of $13 million. The amount primarily included $10 million due to the
departure of our former CEO, of which $5 million was related to cash and $5 million was related to stock-based compensation expenses. The amount is recorded as “Restructuring and other special charges, net” on the consolidated statements
of operations.    Interest Income    Interest income was $3 million in 2014 compared to $5 million in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in average investments in marketable securities and a decrease in the weighted-average
interest rate during 2014.    Interest income was $5 million in 2013 compared to $8 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily
due to a decrease in average investments in marketable securities during 2013.    Interest Expense  
 Interest expense of $177 million in 2014 was relatively flat as compared to $177 million in 2013 and $175 million in 2012.  
 Other Income (Expense), Net    Other expense, net, in 2014 was $69 million compared to $5 million of other expense, net, in 2013 and $6 million of other income, net, in 2012.  
 In 2014, we recognized $69 million of other expense, net, primarily due to a $61 million loss from debt repurchases and a $7 million loss
from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In 2013, we recognized $5 million of other expense, net, primarily due to a $2 million loss
from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and a $2 million realized loss on sale of our auction rate securities (ARS) investments.    In 2012, we recognized $6 million of other income, net, primarily due to other income recorded in the third quarter of 2012, partially offset by a $5 million loss from foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and a $4 million other-than-temporary impairment charge related to one of our ARS investments.    Income Taxes  
 We recorded an income tax provision of $5 million and $9 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and an income tax benefit of $34 million
in 2012.    The income tax provision in 2014 was primarily due to $7 million of foreign taxes in profitable locations, offset by
$2 million of tax benefits for Canadian tax credits and the monetization of certain US tax credits.    The income tax provision
in 2013 was primarily due to $9 million of foreign taxes in profitable locations and $3 million related to the reversal of previously recognized tax benefits associated with other comprehensive income, offset by $3 million of tax benefits for
Canadian tax credits and the monetization of certain U.S. tax credits.    The income tax benefit in 2012 was primarily due to a
tax benefit of $36 million relating to our SeaMicro acquisition, a $1 million tax benefit for the tax effects of items credited directly to other comprehensive income, a $2 million tax benefit for Canadian tax credits and a $9 million tax benefit
associated with the successful negotiation of a tax holiday in a foreign jurisdiction net of $14 million of foreign taxes in profitable locations.    As of December 27, 2014, substantially all of our U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, continued to be subject to a valuation allowance. The realization of these
assets is dependent on substantial future taxable income which, at December 27, 2014, in management’s estimate, is not more likely than not to be achieved.    Stock-Based Compensation Expense    Stock-based compensation expense related
to employee stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012 was allocated in our consolidated statements of operations as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 44 
    
    
   
 48 
    
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Marketing, general and administrative 
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 38 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax of $0 
    
 $ 
 81 
    
    
 $ 
 91 
    
    
 $ 
 97 
    
   During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not realize any excess tax benefits related to stock-based
compensation and therefore we did not record any effects relating to financing cash flows.    Stock-based compensation expense
of $81 million in 2014 decreased by $10 million as compared to $91 million in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to lower expense related to stock options and restricted stock granted in connection with our SeaMicro acquisition as most were
becoming fully vested during 2014 and lower stock compensation expense as a result of our 2014 restructuring plan.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Stock-based compensation expenses of $91 million in 2013 decreased $6 million compared to
$97 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a lower weighted average grant date fair value and lower stock compensation expense as a result of our 2012 restructuring plan, partially offset by the additional expense related to stock
options and restricted stock granted in connection with our SeaMicro acquisition.    As of December 27, 2014, we had $16
million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock options that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.08 years. Also, as of December 27, 2014, we had $98 million of total
unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to restricted stock and restricted stock units including performance-based restricted stock units that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.75 years.
   International Sales    International sales as a percentage of net revenue were 81% in 2014, 85% in 2013 and 92% in 2012. The decrease in international sales as a percentage of net revenue in 2014 compared 2013 and 2012 was
primarily driven by an increase in net revenue from domestic sales of our semi-custom SoC products. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. Substantially all of our sales
transactions were denominated in U.S. dollars.    FINANCIAL CONDITION    Liquidity    As of December 27, 2014, our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities of $1.0 billion were lower compared to $1.2 billion as of December 28, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the final $200 million cash payment made in the first quarter of 2014 related to GF’s waiver of a portion
of our obligations for wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 and the timing of sales and related collections. During 2014, we also used $95 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment. Also, during 2014, we
reclassified $45 million of our marketable securities that were previously classified as long-term to short-term as those were intended to be used for operations in the next twelve months. The percentage of cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities held domestically was 89% as of December 27, 2014.    Our debt and capital lease obligations as of
December 27, 2014 were $2.2 billion as compared to $2.1 billion as of December 28, 2013. During 2014, we issued $600 million of 6.75% Notes, $500 million of 7.00% Notes, and received $75 million net proceeds from our Secured Revolving Line
of Credit borrowings.    During 2014, we repurchased and redeemed $500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 8.125% Notes
for $531 million in cash. As of the end of December 27, 2014, we did not have any 8.125% Notes outstanding. Also in 2014, we repurchased $487 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes for $529 million in cash, $50 million in
aggregate principal amount of our 7.75% Notes for $48 million in cash, and $25 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Notes for $24 million in cash. The repurchases of the 7.75% Notes and 7.50% Notes were funded with our Secured
Revolving Line of Credit.    In the fourth quarter of 2014, we announced a restructuring plan to implement operating
efficiencies. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance along with the savings from our restructuring plan and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures,
over the next twelve months. We believe that in the event we decide to obtain external funding, we may be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives.  
 Over the longer term, should additional funding be required, such as to meet payment obligations of our long-term debt when due, we may
need to raise the required funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities, which may be issued from time to time under an effective registration statement,  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
through the issuance of securities in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or a combination of one or more of the foregoing. Uncertain global
economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business. If market conditions deteriorate, we may be limited in our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs on favorable terms or at all, which
could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our ability to refinance maturing liabilities.    Operating
Activities    Net cash used in operating activities was $98 million in 2014. A net loss of $403 million in 2014 was primarily
adjusted for $233 million of goodwill impairment charge, $203 million of depreciation and amortization expenses, $81 million of stock-based compensation expenses, $61 million net loss on debt redemptions, $17 million of non-cash interest expenses
primarily related to amortization of debt discounts on our 6.00% Notes and 8.125% Notes, amortization of debt issuance costs and a software and technology license and $14 million non-cash net restructuring and other special charges. The net changes
in operating assets as of December 27, 2014 compared to December 28, 2013 included a decrease in inventories of $199 million, largely driven by the lower of cost or market inventory adjustment and lower levels of inventory for our
Computing and Graphics and semi-custom SoC products, a decrease in accounts receivable of $7 million, which was primarily due to timing of sales and collections, an increase in prepayments to GF of $113 million and an increase in prepaid expenses
and other assets of $7 million. Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other decreased by $231 million in 2014 as compared to 2013, primarily due to a $104 million decrease in accounts payable driven by timing of purchases and payments, a $73
million decrease in deferred income on shipments to our distributor customers and a $47 million decrease in accrued compensation and benefits. During 2014, our payables to GF, which included all amounts we owe to GF, decreased by $146 million as
compared to 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the final $200 million payment to GF made in the first quarter of 2014 related to GF’s waiver of a portion of our obligations for wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012,
partially offset by an increase in accounts payable to GF due to timing of payments.    Net cash used in operating activities
was $148 million in 2013. A net loss of $83 million in 2013 was primarily adjusted for $236 million of depreciation and amortization expenses, $91 million of stock-based compensation expenses, $31 million net loss on disposal of property, plant and
equipment and $25 million of non-cash interest expenses primarily related to amortization of debt discounts on our 6.00% Notes and 8.125% Notes and amortization of debt issuance costs. The net changes in operating assets as of December 28, 2013
compared to December 29, 2012 included an increase in inventories of $322 million, largely driven by an increase in Computing and Graphics inventory as well as semi-custom SoC products due to our customers’ next generation game console
ramps, an increase in accounts receivable of $200 million, which was primarily due to higher sales during the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, an increase in other assets of $92 million, primarily due to new software
licenses and an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $11 million. Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities increased by $266 million in 2013 as compared to 2012, primarily due to a $241 million increase in accounts payable
driven by larger purchases of inventory to support higher sales during the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, a $36 million increase in deferred income on shipments to our distributor customers, and a $28 million increase
in accrued compensation and benefits, partially offset by a $39 million decrease in other liabilities, primarily due to a decrease in restructuring accruals and payments for technology licenses. During 2013, our payables to GF, which included all
amounts we owe to GF, decreased by $89 million as compared to 2012. The decrease was primarily due to payments of $175 million related to GF’s limited waiver of exclusivity and $40 million related to GF’s waiver of a portion of our
obligations for wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012, partially offset by an increase of $126 million of payables related to wafer purchases.    Net cash used in operating activities was $338 million in 2012. A net loss of $1.2 billion in 2012 was adjusted for non-cash charges consisting primarily of a $278 million charge related to the limited
waiver of exclusivity from GF, $260 million of depreciation and amortization expense, $97 million of stock-based compensation expense and $23 million of non-cash interest expense related to our 6.00% Notes and 8.125% Notes. These charges were
partially offset by a benefit of $40 million for deferred income taxes. The net changes  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
in operating assets as of December 29, 2012 compared to December 31, 2011 included a decrease in accounts receivable of $290 million and an increase in inventories of $83 million, which
were primarily due to lower sales during 2012. During 2012, our payable to GF, which included all amounts that we owe to GF, increased by $277 million as compared to 2011. The increase was due to cash obligations of $240 million related to the third
amendment to the WSA and $175 million related to the limited waiver of exclusivity, partially offset by a decrease of $138 million in the amount of billings related to wafer purchases. Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other decreased by
$232 million in 2012 as compared to 2011, primarily due to a $94 million decrease in accrued liabilities, a $92 million decrease in accounts payable and other current liabilities, a $23 million decrease in other liabilities, a $15 million decrease
in deferred income on shipments to distributors and a $6 million decrease in accrued compensation and benefits.    Investing Activities
   Net cash used in investing activities was $12 million in 2014, which consisted of a cash outflow of $95 million for
purchases of property, plant and equipment, offset by a net cash inflow of $83 million from purchases, sales and maturities of available for sale securities.    Net cash provided by investing activities was $455 million in 2013 and primarily consisted of net proceeds of $301 million from the purchase, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities and net
proceeds of $154 million from sales and purchases of property, plant and equipment.    Net cash used in investing activities was
$19 million in 2012. We had a net cash inflow of $404 million in 2012 from purchases, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by a net cash outflow of $281 million related to our SeaMicro acquisition, a cash outflow
of $133 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment and a cash outflow of $9 million related to other investing activities.  
 Financing Activities  
 Net cash provided by financing activities was $46 million in 2014, primarily due to net proceeds from borrowings pursuant to our 6.75%
Notes of $589 million, our 7.00% Notes of $491 million and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit of $75 million, partially offset by $518 million in payments to repurchase a portion of our 6.00% Notes, $522 million in payments to repurchase our
8.125% Notes, $48 million in payments to repurchase a portion of our 7.75% Notes, $24 million in payments to repurchase a portion of our 7.50% Notes and $3 million in payments for capital lease obligations. During 2014, we also received $8 million
in net proceeds, primarily from U.S. government grants for research and development activities and $4 million from the exercise of employee stock options.    Net cash provided by financing activities was $13 million in 2013, primarily due to net proceeds from borrowings pursuant to our Secured Revolving Line of Credit of $55 million, net proceeds from U.S.
government grants for research and development activities and foreign grants from the Canadian government for research and development activities related to our AMD APU products of $11 million and $3 million from the issuance of common stock under
our stock-based compensation plan, partially offset by the repurchase of $50 million in principal amount of our 6.00% Notes (which is a portion of our outstanding 6.00% Notes) in open market transactions and $5 million in payments for capital lease
obligations.    Net cash provided by financing activities was $37 million in 2012, primarily due to net proceeds from the
issuance of our 7.50% Notes of $491 million, $23 million from foreign grants from the Canadian government for research and development activities related to our AMD APU products and from the Malaysian and Chinese governments for our local
microprocessor assembly, test and packaging facilities and $14 million from the issuance of common stock under our stock-based compensation plan, partially offset by our repayment of outstanding principal and accrued interest on our 5.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2012 and repayment of capital lease obligations of $489 million.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not realize any excess tax benefit related to stock-based
compensation. Therefore, we did not record any effects relating to financing cash flows for these periods.    Contractual Obligations
   The following table summarizes our consolidated principal contractual cash obligations, as of December 27, 2014, and
is supplemented by the discussion following the table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Payment due by period 
   
 
 (In millions) 
    
 Total 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 and thereafter 
   


 
   6.00% Notes 
    
 $ 
 42 
    
    
 $ 
 42 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   6.75% Notes 
    
   
 600 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 600 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   7.75% Notes 
    
   
 450 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 450 
    
 
   7.50% Notes 
    
   
 475 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 475 
    
 
   7.00% Notes 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 500 
    
 
   Secured Revolving Line of Credit 
    
   
 130 
    
    
   
 130 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 68 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 31 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Aggregate interest obligation (1) 
    
   
 1,037 
    
    
   
 150 
    
    
   
 148 
    
    
   
 148 
    
    
   
 148 
    
    
   
 126 
    
    
   
 317 
    
 
   Capital lease obligations (2) 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Operating leases 
    
   
 340 
    
    
   
 50 
    
    
   
 46 
    
    
   
 43 
    
    
   
 41 
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 133 
    
 
   Purchase obligations (3) 
    
   
 688 
    
    
   
 542 
    
    
   
 50 
    
    
   
 71 
    
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Obligations to GF (4) 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total contractual obligations 
    
 $ 
 4,422 
    
    
 $ 
 999 
    
    
 $ 
 285 
    
    
 $ 
 294 
    
    
 $ 
 215 
    
    
 $ 
 753 
    
    
 $ 
 1,876 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Represents
estimated aggregate interest obligations for our outstanding debt obligations that are payable in cash, excluding capital lease obligations. Also excludes non-cash amortization of debt discounts on our 6.00% Notes and amortization of debt issuance
costs.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes principal
and imputed interest.  
 
 
 (3) 
   We have purchase
obligations for goods and services where payments are based, in part, on the volume or type of services we acquire. In those cases, we only included the minimum volume of purchase obligations in the table above. Purchase orders for goods and
services that are cancelable upon notice and without significant penalties are not included in the amounts above. In addition we have obligations for software technology and licenses where payments are fixed and non-cancelable which are also
included in the table above.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Represents our
payment obligations to GF as of the end of our fiscal year for wafer receipts and research and development activities. We negotiate our purchase commitments with GF on an annual basis and as such we cannot meaningfully quantify or estimate our
future payment obligations to GF. We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material.  
 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015    On April 27, 2007, we issued $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes. Our 6.00% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on May 1 and
November 1 of each year beginning November 1, 2007 until the maturity date of May 1, 2015. The terms of our 6.00% Notes are governed by an indenture dated April 27, 2007, by and between us and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.
   During the first quarter of 2014, we repurchased $64 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes in open market
transactions for $69 million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $1 million. Also, during 2014, we repurchased a portion of our 6.00% Notes through a partial tender offer. We repurchased $423 million aggregate principal amount
of our 6.00% Notes for $460 million in cash, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $10 million. We incurred a total loss of $10 million in connection with the foregoing repurchases of our 6.00% Notes.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In 2013, we repurchased $50 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes in open
market transactions for $53 million. As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount and remaining carrying value of our 6.00% Notes were $42 million. The remaining $42 million of aggregate principal amount of 6.00% Notes
has been reclassified as short-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 27, 2014 due May 2015.    See
Note 10 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” below, for additional information regarding our 6.00% Notes.    8.125%
Senior Notes Due 2017    On November 30, 2009, we issued $500 million of our 8.125% Notes at a discount of 10.204%.
   During 2014, we repurchased and redeemed the entire $500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 8.125% Notes for $531
million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $8 million. We incurred a total loss of $54 million in connection with the foregoing repurchase and redemption of the 8.125% Notes. As of December 27, 2014, we did not have any
8.125% Notes outstanding.    See Note 10 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” below, for additional
information regarding our 8.125% Notes.    6.75% Senior Notes Due 2019  
 On February 26, 2014, we issued $600 million of our 6.75% Notes. Our 6.75% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations.
Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning September 1, 2014 until the maturity date of March 1, 2019. Our 6.75% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 6.75% Indenture) dated
February 26, 2014 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee.    At any time before March 1,
2019, we may redeem some or all of our 6.75% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as set forth in the 6.75% Indenture).  
 As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 6.75% Notes was $600 million, and we reported $600
million of the 6.75% Notes on our consolidated balance sheets.    See Note 10 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” below, for additional information regarding our 6.75% Notes.    7.75% Senior Notes Due 2020  
 On August 4, 2010, we issued $500 million of our 7.75% Notes. Our 7.75% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest
is payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning February 1, 2011 until the maturity date of August 1, 2020. Our 7.75% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture dated August 4, 2010 between us and Wells
Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.    Starting August 1, 2015, we may redeem our 7.75% Notes for cash at the following specified
prices plus accrued and unpaid interest:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
   Price as 
 Percentage of   Principal Amount 
   


 
   Beginning on August 1, 2015 through July 31, 2016 
    
   
 103.875 
 %  
 
   Beginning on August 1, 2016 through July 31, 2017 
    
   
 102.583 
 %  
 
   Beginning on August 1, 2017 through July 31, 2018 
    
   
 101.292 
 %  
 
   On August 1, 2018 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
 
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 7.75% Notes
was $450 million.    See Note 10 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” below, for additional information
regarding our 7.75% Notes.    7.50% Senior Notes Due 2022    On August 15, 2012, we issued $500 million of our 7.50% Notes. Our 7.50% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year
beginning February 15, 2013 until the maturity date of August 15, 2022. The 7.50% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture dated August 15, 2012 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.  
 At any time (which may be more than once) before August 15, 2015, we may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of our
7.50% Notes within 90 days of the closing of an equity offering with the net proceeds thereof at a redemption price equal to 107.5% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption.
At any time before August 15, 2022, we may redeem some or all of our 7.50% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as set forth in the 7.50% Indenture).
   As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Notes was $475 million.  
 See Note 10 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” below, for additional information regarding our 7.50% Notes.
   7.00% Senior Notes Due 2024    On June 16, 2014, we issued $500 million of 7.00% Notes. The 7.00% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on January 1 and July 1 of each year beginning
January 1, 2015 until the maturity date of July 1, 2024. The 7.00% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 7.00% Indenture) dated June 16, 2014 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee.
   At any time before July 1, 2017, we may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 7.00% Notes within 90
days of the closing of an equity offering with the net proceeds thereof at a redemption price equal to 107.000% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. Prior to July 1,
2019, we may redeem some or all of the 7.00% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as set forth in the 7.00% Indenture).  
 Starting July 1, 2019, we may redeem our 7.00% Notes for cash at the following specified prices plus accrued and unpaid interest:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
   Price as 
 Percentage of   Principal Amount 
   


 
   Beginning on July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020 
    
   
 103.500 
 %  
 
   Beginning on July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 
    
   
 102.333 
 %  
 
   Beginning on July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 
    
   
 101.167 
 %  
 
   On July 1, 2022 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
   As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 7.00% Notes was $500
million.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  See Note 10 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” below, for additional
information regarding our 7.00% Notes.    Potential Repurchase of Outstanding Notes  
 We may elect to purchase or otherwise retire our 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 7.00% Notes with cash, stock or
other assets from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, either directly or through intermediaries, or by tender offer when we believe the market conditions are favorable to do so.  
 Secured Revolving Line of Credit    We and our subsidiary, AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd. (together, the Borrowers), entered into a loan and security agreement on November 12, 2013, as amended on December 11,
2014 (the Loan Agreement) for our Secured Revolving Line of Credit for a principal amount of up to $500 million, with up to $75 million available for issuance of letters of credit, with a group of lenders and Bank of America, N.A., acting as agent
for the lenders (the Agent). Our Secured Revolving Line of Credit matures on November 12, 2018. Borrowings under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit are limited to up to 85% of eligible account receivable minus certain reserves and may be used
for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs.    The Borrowers can elect that the borrowings under our
Secured Revolving Line of Credit may bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (a) London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.75%, or (b) (i) the greater of (x) the Agent’s prime
rate, (y) the federal funds rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 0.50%, and (z) LIBOR for a one-month period plus 1.00%, plus (ii) an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.75%. The applicable margin to be
applied to the borrowings under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit is dependent on the Borrowers achieving a certain fixed charge coverage ratio. Our Secured Revolving Line of Credit may be optionally prepaid or terminated or unutilized
commitments may be reduced, in each case at any time without premium or penalty. In connection with our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, the Borrowers are required to pay an unused line fee equal to 0.50% per annum, payable monthly on the
unused amount of the commitments under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. The unused line fee decreases to 0.375% per annum when more than 50% of our Secured Revolving Line of Credit is utilized. The Borrowers will pay (i) a monthly fee
on all letters of credit outstanding under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit equal to the applicable LIBOR margin and (ii) a fronting fee to the Agent equal to 0.125% of all such letters of credit, payable monthly in arrears.  
 The obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority basis in the Borrowers’ account receivable, inventory and
certain deposit accounts and specified related assets.    The Loan Agreement contains covenants that place certain restrictions
on the Borrowers’ ability to, among other things, amend or modify certain terms of any debt of $50 million or more or subordinated debt, create or suffer to exist any liens upon accounts or inventory, sell or transfer any of Borrowers’
accounts or inventory other than certain ordinary-course transfers, make certain changes to either Borrower’s name or form or state of organization without notifying the Agent, or liquidate, dissolve, merge, combine or consolidate. Further
restrictions apply during a domestic cash trigger period (a Domestic Cash Trigger Period), which occurs (i) upon an event of default or (ii) when the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in certain accounts is at any time less
than $250 million, and ends when both (a) no event of default has existed for 45 days and (b) the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in such accounts has been equal to or greater than $250 million for 45 days. Such
restrictions limit the Borrowers’ ability to, among other things, allow certain subsidiaries that manufacture or process inventory for the Borrowers to borrow secured debt or unsecured debt beyond a certain amount, create any liens upon any of
the Borrowers’ property (other than customary permitted liens and liens on up to $1.5 billion of secured credit facilities debt (which amount includes our Secured Revolving Line of Credit)), declare or make any distributions, create any
encumbrance on the ability of a subsidiary to make any  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
upstream payments, make asset dispositions other than certain ordinary course dispositions, make certain loans, make payments with respect to subordinated debt or certain borrowed money prior to
its due date, become a party to certain agreements restricting the Borrowers’ ability to incur or repay debt, grant liens, make distributions, or modify loan agreements or enter into any non-arm’s-length transaction with an affiliate.
   During a Domestic Cash Trigger Period, the Borrowers are subject to financial covenants requirement and are required to
maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1:1 for each trailing four-fiscal quarter period ending on and after March 29, 2014.    At December 27, 2014, the Secured Revolving Line of Credit had an outstanding loan balance of $130 million, with an interest rate of 4.25%, $6 million related to outstanding Letters of Credit, and up
to $364 million available for future borrowings. As of December 27, 2014, we were in compliance with all required covenants stated in the Loan Agreement.    The agreements governing our 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit contain cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement
would likely result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders or the lenders under the Secured Revolving Line of
Credit to declare all amounts outstanding under those borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable.    Other Long-Term
Liabilities    Other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above primarily consisted of $67 million
of payments due under certain software and technology licenses that will be paid through 2018.    Other long-term liabilities in
the contractual obligations table above exclude amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheet that do not require us to make cash payments, which, as of December 27, 2014, primarily consisted of $17 million of deferred gains resulting from
certain real estate transactions that occurred in Sunnyvale, California in 1998, in Markham, Ontario, Canada in 2008 and in Singapore in 2013. Deferred rent related to our facilities in Sunnyvale, California of $7 million and accruals related to
facility consolidation and site closure costs under our 2012 restructuring plan of $6 million are excluded from other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above as they are included in the operating leases obligations. Also
excluded from other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above are $5 million of environmental reserves and $3 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, which represent potential cash payments that could be payable by
us upon settlements with the related authorities. We have not included these amounts in the contractual obligations table above because we cannot make reasonably reliable estimates regarding the timing of the settlements with the related
authorities, if any.    Capital Lease Obligations    As of December 27, 2014, we had aggregate outstanding capital lease obligations of $12 million for one of our facilities in Canada, which is payable in monthly installments through 2017.  
 Operating Leases  
 We lease certain of our facilities, and in some jurisdictions, we lease the land on which these facilities are built under non-cancelable
lease agreements that expire at various dates through 2025. We lease certain manufacturing and office equipment for terms ranging from one to five years. Total future non-cancelable lease obligations as of December 27, 2014 were $340 million,
including approximately $284 million of future lease payments and estimated operating costs related to real estate in Austin, Texas, Sunnyvale, California and Singapore that we sold and leased back.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Purchase Obligations    Our purchase obligations primarily include our obligations to purchase wafers and substrates from third parties, excluding our wafer purchase commitments to GF under the WSA. As of December 27, 2014,
total non-cancelable purchase obligations were $688 million.    Obligations to GF  
 Obligations to GF represent all of our expected cash payments to GF based on wafer receipts and research and development activities. As of
December 27, 2014, payments owed to GF were $80 million. We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material.  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    As of December 27, 2014, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK    Interest Rate Risk.     Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and long-term debt. We usually invest our cash in
investments with short maturities or with frequent interest reset terms. Accordingly, our interest income fluctuates with short-term market conditions. As of December 27, 2014, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of commercial paper,
corporate bonds and money market funds. These investments were highly liquid. Due to the relatively short, weighted-average maturity of our investment portfolio and the current low interest rate environment, our exposure to interest rate risk is
minimal.     As of December 27, 2014, the majority of our outstanding debt had fixed interest rates. Consequently,
our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates on reported interest expense and corresponding cash flows is minimal.  
 We will continue to monitor our exposure to interest rate risk.    Default Risk.     We mitigate default risk in our investment portfolio by investing in only high credit quality securities and by constantly positioning our portfolio to respond
to a significant reduction in a credit rating of any investment issuer or guarantor. Our portfolio includes investments in debt and marketable equity securities with active secondary or resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity. We are averse to
principal loss and strive to preserve our invested funds by limiting default risk and market risk.     We actively monitor
market conditions and developments specific to the securities and security classes in which we invest. We believe that we take a conservative approach to investing our funds in that we invest only in highly-rated debt securities with relatively
short maturities and do not invest in securities we believe involve a higher degree of risk. As of December 27, 2014, substantially all of our investments in debt securities were A rated by at least one of the rating agencies. While we believe
we take prudent measures to mitigate investment related risks, such risks cannot be fully eliminated as there are circumstances outside of our control.    There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2014.    The following
table presents the cost basis, fair value and related weighted-average interest rates by year of maturity for our investment portfolio and debt obligations as of December 27, 2014:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2015 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2020 and thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
   2014 
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except for percentages) 
   


 
   Investment Portfolio 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate amounts 
    
 $ 
 410 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 410 
    
   
 $ 
 410 
    
 
   Weighted-average rate 
    
   
 0.13 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 0.13 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Variable rate amounts 
    
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
 
   Weighted-average rate 
    
   
 5.68 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5.68 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Marketable securities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate amounts 
    
 $ 
 235 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 235 
    
   
 $ 
 235 
    
 
   Weighted-average rate 
    
   
 0.30 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 0.30 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Investment Portfolio 
    
 $ 
 649 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 649 
    
   
 $ 
 649 
    
 
   Debt Obligations 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate amounts 
    
 $ 
 172 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 600 
    
   
 $ 
 1,425 
    
   
 $ 
 2,197 
    
   
 $ 
 2,031 
    
 
   Weighted-average effective interest rate 
    
   
 5.17 
 %  
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 6.75 
 %  
   
   
 7.40 
 %  
   
   
 7.05 
 %  
   
   
 7.63 
 %  
 
   Total Debt Obligations 
    
 $ 
 172 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 600 
    
   
 $ 
 1,425 
    
   
 $ 
 2,197 
    
   
 $ 
 2,031 
    
 
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Foreign Exchange Risk.     As a result of our foreign operations,
we incur costs and we carry assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies, while sales of products are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars.     We maintain a foreign currency hedging strategy, which uses derivative financial instruments to mitigate the risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This strategy takes into
consideration all of our exposures. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.    In
applying our strategy, from time to time, we use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain forecasted expenses denominated in foreign currencies. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted expenses, to the extent
eligible under the accounting rules, and evaluate hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively. As such, the effective portion of the gain or loss on these contracts is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) and reclassified to earnings in the same line item as the associated forecasted transaction and in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion is immediately recorded in earnings.  
 We also use, from time to time, foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge recognized foreign currency exposures on the
balance sheets of various subsidiaries. We do not designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments. Accordingly, the gain or loss associated with these contracts is immediately recorded in earnings.  
 The following table provides information about our foreign currency forward contracts as of December 27, 2014 and December 28,
2013. All of our foreign currency forward contracts mature within 12 months.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
   
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
     
    
   Notional 
 Amount 
   
    
   Average 
 Contract 
 Rate 
   
    
   Estimated 
 Fair Value   Gain (Loss) 
   
   
   Notional 
 Amount 
   
    
   Average 
 Contract 
 Rate 
   
    
   Estimated 
 Fair Value   Gain (Loss) 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions except contract rates) 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Canadian Dollar 
    
 $ 
 143 
    
    
   
 1.1264 
    
    
 $ 
 (5.0 
 )  
   
 $ 
 124 
    
    
   
 1.0409 
    
    
 $ 
 (4.0 
 )  
 
   Malaysian Ringgit 
    
   
 42 
    
    
   
 3.5482 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Indian Rupee 
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 64.1608 
    
    
   
 (1.1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Singapore Dollar 
    
   
 33 
    
    
   
 1.313 
    
    
   
 (0.4 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Taiwan Dollar 
    
   
 23 
    
    
   
 31.1284 
    
    
   
 (0.4 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Chinese Renminbi 
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 6.1906 
    
    
   
 0.1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 298 
    
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 (6.8 
 )  
   
 $ 
 124 
    
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 (4.0 
 )  
   In addition, we use fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps to manage a portion of our exposure to interest
rate risk by converting fixed rate interest payments of a portion of our 6.75% Notes to floating rate interest payments based on LIBOR. The notional amount of the interest rate swap we entered into was $250 million as of December 27, 2014. The
interest rate swaps are designated as a fair value hedge. All changes in fair value of the swaps are recorded on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets with no net impact to the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
 
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.    Consolidated Statements of Operations
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
     
    
   December 27, 
 2014 
   
   
   December 28, 
 2013 
   
   
   December 29, 
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,506 
    
   
 $ 
 5,299 
    
   
 $ 
 5,422 
    
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 3,667 
    
   
   
 3,321 
    
   
   
 4,187 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 1,839 
    
   
   
 1,978 
    
   
   
 1,235 
    
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 1,072 
    
   
   
 1,201 
    
   
   
 1,354 
    
 
   Marketing, general and administrative 
    
   
 604 
    
   
   
 674 
    
   
   
 823 
    
 
   Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Restructuring and other special charges, net 
    
   
 71 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 100 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment charge 
    
   
 233 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Legal settlements, net 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Operating income (loss) 
    
   
 (155 
 )  
   
   
 103 
    
   
   
 (1,056 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (175 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense), net 
    
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Loss before income taxes 
    
   
 (398 
 )  
   
   
 (74 
 )  
   
   
 (1,217 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (34 
 )  
 
   Net loss 
    
 $ 
 (403 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,183 
 )  
 
   Net loss per share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
 
   Shares used in per share calculation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 768 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 741 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 768 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 741 
    
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
     
    
   December 27, 
 2014 
   
   
   December 28, 
 2013 
   
   
   December 29, 
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Net loss 
    
 $ 
 (403 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,183 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax effect of zero 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses realized and included in net loss, net of
tax effect of zero 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Total change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of
tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax benefit (expense) of $0, $0 and $1 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses realized and included in net loss, net of
tax expense (benefit) of $0, $3 and $0 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Total change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax 

    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Total comprehensive loss 
    
 $ 
 (406 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (82 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,181 
 )  
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   December 27, 
 2014 
   
   
   December 28, 
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except par value amounts) 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 805 
    
   
 $ 
 869 
    
 
   Marketable securities 
    
   
 235 
    
   
   
 228 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 818 
    
   
   
 832 
    
 
   Inventories, net 
    
   
 685 
    
   
   
 884 
    
 
   Prepayments to GLOBALFOUNDRIES 
    
   
 113 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 80 
    
   
   
 71 
    
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 2,736 
    
   
   
 2,884 
    
 
   Long-term marketable securities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 90 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 302 
    
   
   
 346 
    
 
   Acquisition related intangible assets, net 
    
   
 65 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 320 
    
   
   
 553 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 344 
    
   
   
 386 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,767 
    
   
 $ 
 4,337 
    
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
 177 
    
   
 $ 
 60 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 415 
    
   
   
 519 
    
 
   Payable to GLOBALFOUNDRIES 
    
   
 218 
    
   
   
 364 
    
 
   Accrued and other current liabilities 
    
   
 558 
    
   
   
 530 
    
 
   Deferred income on shipments to distributors 
    
   
 72 
    
   
   
 145 
    
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 1,440 
    
   
   
 1,618 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 2,035 
    
   
   
 1,998 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 105 
    
   
   
 177 
    
 
   Commitments and contingencies (see Notes 15 and 16) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital stock: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01; 1,500 shares authorized on December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013; shares issued: 788
shares on December 27, 2014 and 735 shares on December 28, 2013; shares outstanding: 776 shares on December 27, 2014 and 725 shares on December 28, 2013 
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 6,949 
    
   
   
 6,894 
    
 
   Treasury stock, at cost (12 shares on December 27, 2014 and 10 shares on December 28, 2013) 
    
   
 (119 
 )  
   
   
 (112 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (6,646 
 )  
   
   
 (6,243 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 187 
    
   
   
 544 
    
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 3,767 
    
   
 $ 
 4,337 
    
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity    Three Years Ended December 27, 2014    (In millions)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   Number 
 of 
 shares 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
   Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
   
   
   Treasury 
 stock 
   
   
   Accumulated 
 deficit 
   
   
   Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 income (loss) 
   
   
 Total stockholders’ equity 
   


 
   December 31, 2011 
   
   
 698 
    
   
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 $ 
 6,672 
    
   
 $ 
 (107 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4,977 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,590 
    
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,183 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,183 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Common stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of tax withholding 
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 97 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Assumption of stock awards in connection with acquisition 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19 
    
 
   December 29, 2012 
   
   
 713 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 6,803 
    
   
   
 (109 
 )  
   
   
 (6,160 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 538 
    
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (83 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (83 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Common stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of tax withholding 
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 91 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 91 
    
 
   Adjustment to equity component of the 6.00% Notes resulting from debt
buyback 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   December 28, 2013 
   
   
 725 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 6,894 
    
   
   
 (112 
 )  
   
   
 (6,243 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 544 
    
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (403 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (403 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Common stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of tax withholding 
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Common stock issued by exercise of warrants 
   
   
 35 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation related to restructuring and other special charges 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Adjustment to equity component of the 6.00% Notes resulting from debt
buyback 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (35 
 )  
 
   December 27, 2014 
   
   
 776 
    
   
 $ 
 8 
    
   
 $ 
 6,949 
    
   
 $ 
 (119 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,646 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 187 
    
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
   
 December 28, 2013 
   
   
 December 29, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net loss 
    
 $ 
 (403 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,183 
 )  
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-cash portion of the limited waiver of exclusivity from GLOBALFOUNDRIES 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 278 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 203 
    
   
   
 236 
    
   
   
 260 
    
 
   Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (40 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 81 
    
   
   
 91 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Non-cash interest expense 
    
   
 17 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment charge 
    
   
 233 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Restructuring and other special charges, net 
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Net loss on debt redemptions 
    
   
 61 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 (200 
 )  
   
   
 290 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 199 
    
   
   
 (322 
 )  
   
   
 (83 
 )  
 
   Prepayments to GLOBALFOUNDRIES 
    
   
 (113 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (103 
 )  
   
   
 (32 
 )  
 
   Accounts payables, accrued liabilities and other 
    
   
 (231 
 )  
   
   
 266 
    
   
   
 (232 
 )  
 
   Payable to GLOBALFOUNDRIES 
    
   
 (146 
 )  
   
   
 (89 
 )  
   
   
 277 
    
 
   Net cash used in operating activities 
    
   
 (98 
 )  
   
   
 (148 
 )  
   
   
 (338 
 )  
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of SeaMicro, Inc., net of cash acquired 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (281 
 )  
 
   Purchases of available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 (790 
 )  
   
   
 (1,043 
 )  
   
   
 (944 
 )  
 
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (95 
 )  
   
   
 (84 
 )  
   
   
 (133 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 873 
    
   
   
 1,344 
    
   
   
 1,348 
    
 
   Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 238 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 455 
    
   
   
 (19 
 )  
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from borrowings, net 
    
   
 1,155 
    
   
   
 55 
    
   
   
 491 
    
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Net proceeds from grants and allowances 
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 (1,115 
 )  
   
   
 (55 
 )  
   
   
 (489 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
    
   
 46 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (64 
 )  
   
   
 320 
    
   
   
 (320 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 869 
    
   
   
 549 
    
   
   
 869 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 805 
    
   
 $ 
 869 
    
   
 $ 
 549 
    
 
   Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the year for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
 $ 
 138 
    
   
 $ 
 152 
    
   
 $ 
 142 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012      
 
 
 NOTE 1: 
 Nature of Operations  
 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. is a global semiconductor company with facilities worldwide. References herein to AMD or the Company mean
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company provides:      
 
 
   
 (i) 
 x86 microprocessors, as standalone devices or as incorporated as an accelerated processing unit (APU), chipsets, discrete graphics processing units (GPUs) and
professional graphics; and      
 
 
   
 (ii) 
 server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products and technology for game consoles.  
   
 
 
 NOTE 2: 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    Fiscal Year .    The Company uses a 52 or 53 week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. Fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 ended December 27, 2014, December 28,
2013 and December 29, 2012, respectively, each consisted of 52 weeks.     Principles of
Consolidation .    The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s accounts and those of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Upon consolidation, all significant intercompany accounts and transactions are
eliminated.    Use of Estimates .    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results are likely to differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. Areas where
management uses subjective judgment include, but are not limited to, revenue allowances, inventory valuation, valuation and impairment of goodwill, valuation of investments in marketable securities, deferred income taxes and restructuring charges.
   Revenue Recognition .    The Company recognizes revenue from products sold directly to customers,
including original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, delivery has occurred and collectability is reasonably assured. Estimates of product returns, allowances and
future price reductions, based on actual historical experience and other known or anticipated trends and factors, are recorded at the time revenue is recognized. The Company sells to distributors under terms allowing the majority of distributors
certain rights of return and price protection on unsold merchandise held by them. The distributor agreements, which may be cancelled by either party upon specified notice, generally contain a provision for the return of those of the Company’s
products that the Company has removed from its price book and that are not more than 12 months older than the manufacturing code date. In addition, some agreements with distributors may contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited
levels of product returns. Therefore, the Company is unable to estimate the product returns and pricing when the product is sold to the distributors. Accordingly, the Company defers the gross margin resulting from the deferral of both revenue and
related product costs from sales to distributors with agreements that have the aforementioned terms until the merchandise is resold by the distributors and reports such deferred amounts as “Deferred income on shipments to distributors” on
its consolidated balance sheet. Products are sold to distributors at standard published prices that are contained in price books that are broadly provided to the Company’s various distributors. Distributors are then required to pay for these
products within the Company’s standard contractual terms, which are typically net 60 days. The Company records allowances for price protection given to distributors and customer rebates in the period of distributor re-sale. The Company
determines these allowances  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
based on specific contractual terms with its distributors. Price reductions generally do not result in sales prices that are less than the Company’s product cost. Deferred income on
shipments to distributors is revalued at the end of each period based on the change in inventory units at distributors, latest published prices and latest product costs.    The Company records estimated reductions to revenue under distributor and customer incentive programs, including certain cooperative advertising and marketing promotions and volume based incentives and
special pricing arrangements, at the time the related revenues are recognized. For transactions where the Company reimburses a customer for a portion of the customer’s cost to perform specific product advertising or marketing and promotional
activities, such amounts are recorded as a reduction of revenue unless they qualify for expense recognition. Shipping and handling costs associated with product sales are included in cost of sales.  
 Deferred revenue and related product costs were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
   
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Deferred revenue 
    
 $ 
 130 
    
   
 $ 
 253 
    
 
   Deferred cost of sales 
    
   
 (58 
 )  
   
   
 (108 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Deferred income on shipments to distributors 
    
 $ 
 72 
    
   
 $ 
 145 
    
 
   
   
   Inventories .    Inventories are stated at standard cost adjusted to
approximate the lower of actual cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. The Company adjusts inventory carrying value for estimated obsolescence equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon
assumptions about future demand and market conditions. The Company fully reserves for inventories and noncancelable purchase orders for inventory deemed obsolete. The Company performs periodic reviews of inventory items to identify excess
inventories on hand by comparing on-hand balances to anticipated usage using recent historical activity as well as anticipated or forecasted demand. If estimates of customer demand diminish further or market conditions become less favorable than
those projected by the Company, additional inventory adjustments may be required.  
 Goodwill .    Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment at least annually or more
frequently if indicators of impairment present. The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each year and, if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have
been incurred, on an interim basis. The analysis of potential impairment of goodwill requires a two-step process. The first step of the impairment test is to compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. If step one indicates
that impairment potentially exists, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. Goodwill impairment exists when the estimated fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value.  
 Commitments and Contingencies .    From time to time the Company is a defendant or plaintiff in various legal
actions that arise in the normal course of business. The Company is also a party to environmental matters, including local, regional, state and federal government clean-up activities at or near locations where the Company currently or has in the
past conducted business. The Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of reasonably possible losses. A determination of the amount of reserves required for these
commitments and contingencies, if any, that would be charged to earnings, includes assessing the probability of adverse outcomes and estimating the amount of potential losses. The required reserves, if any, may change in the future due to new
developments in each matter or changes in circumstances such as a change in settlement strategy. Changes in required reserves could increase or decrease the Company’s earnings in the period the changes are made. (See Notes 15 and 16).
   Restructuring Charges .    Restructuring charges are primarily comprised of severance costs,
contract and program termination costs, asset impairments and costs of facility consolidation and closure. Restructuring  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
charges are recorded upon approval of a formal management plan and are included in the operating results of the period in which such plan is approved and the expense becomes estimable. To
estimate restructuring charges, management utilizes assumptions of the number of employees that would be involuntarily terminated and of future costs to operate and eventually vacate duplicate facilities. Severance and other employee separation
costs are accrued when it is probable that benefits will be paid and the amount is reasonably estimable. The rates used in determining severance accruals are based on the Company’s policies and practices and negotiated settlements.  
 Cash Equivalents .    Cash equivalents consist of financial instruments that are readily convertible into cash
and have original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.    Investments in Certain Debt and Equity
Securities .    The Company classifies its investments in debt and marketable equity securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value with the related
unrealized gains and losses included, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of stockholders’ equity. Realized gains and losses and declines in the value of available-for-sale securities determined to be other than
temporary are included in other income (expense), net. The cost of securities sold is determined based on the specific identification method.    The Company classifies investments in debt securities with maturities of more than three months at the time of purchase as marketable securities on its consolidated balance sheet. Classification of these
securities as current is based on the Company’s intent and belief in its ability to sell these securities and use the proceeds from sale in operations within 12 months.    Derivative Financial Instruments .    The Company maintains a foreign currency hedging strategy which uses derivative financial instruments to mitigate the risks associated with
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This strategy takes into consideration all of the Company’s consolidated exposures. The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  
 In applying its strategy, the Company used foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain forecasted expenses denominated in foreign
currencies. The Company designated these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted expenses, to the extent eligible under the accounting rules, and evaluates hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively. As such, the effective portion of
the gain or loss on these contracts is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassified to earnings in the same line item as the associated forecasted transaction and in the same period during which the hedged
transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion is immediately recorded in earnings.    The Company also uses, from time
to time, foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge recognized foreign currency exposures on the balance sheets of various subsidiaries, primarily those denominated in Canadian dollars. The Company does not designate these forward
contracts as hedging instruments. Accordingly, the gain or loss associated with these contracts is immediately recorded in earnings.    Property, Plant and Equipment .    Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
lives of the assets for financial reporting purposes. Estimated useful lives for financial reporting purposes are as follows: equipment, two to six years; buildings and building improvements, up to 40 years; and leasehold improvements, measured by
the shorter of the remaining terms of the leases or the estimated useful economic lives of the improvements.    Product
Warranties .    The Company generally warrants that its products sold to its customers will conform to the Company’s approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and
service for one year. Subject to certain exceptions, the Company also offers a three-year limited warranty to end users for only those CPU and AMD APU A-Series products that are commonly referred to as “processors in a box” for PC
workstation products. The Company has also offered extended limited warranties to certain customers of “tray” microprocessor products and/or workstation graphics products who have written agreements with the Company and target their
computer systems at the commercial and/or embedded markets. The Company accrues warranty costs at the time of sale of warranted products.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Foreign Currency Translation/Transactions .    The functional
currency of all of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. dollars have been remeasured into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates for monetary assets and liabilities and historical
exchange rates for non-monetary assets and liabilities. Non-U.S. dollar denominated transactions have been remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those cost of sales and expense transactions related to
non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which have been remeasured at historical exchange rates. The gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings.    Foreign Subsidies .    The Company received investment grants in connection with the construction and operation of certain facilities in Asia. Generally, such grants are subject
to forfeiture in declining amounts over the life of the agreement if the Company does not maintain certain levels of employment or meet other conditions specified in the relevant grant documents. Accordingly, amounts granted are initially recorded
as a receivable until cash proceeds are received. In the period the grant receivable is recorded, a current and long-term liability is also recorded which is subsequently amortized as a reduction to cost of sales.  
 The Company also received grants relating to certain research and development projects. These research and development funds are
generally recorded as a reduction of research and development expenses when all conditions and requirements set forth in the underlying grant agreement are met.    Marketing, Communications and Advertising Expenses .    Marketing, communications and advertising expenses for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $194 million, $210 million
and $287 million, respectively. Cooperative advertising funding obligations under customer incentive programs are accrued and the costs are recorded upon agreement with customers and vendor partners. Cooperative advertising expenses are recorded as
marketing, general and administrative expense to the extent the cash paid does not exceed the estimated fair value of the advertising benefit received. Any excess of cash paid over the estimated fair value of the advertising benefit received is
recorded as a reduction of revenue.    Net Loss Per Share .    Basic net loss per share is computed
based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding and shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued by the Company to West Coast Hitech L.P. (WCH), in connection with the GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Inc. (GF) transaction in 2009. On
March 7, 2014, the Company issued 34,906,166 shares of common stock pursuant to the cashless exercise in full by WCH of its warrant to purchase up to 35,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share.
As a result, the warrant is no longer outstanding. The issuance of the common stock did not have any effect on basic and dilutive earnings per share amounts because the full 35,000,000 shares of common stock issuable to WCH had already been included
in the denominator for calculating basic and dilutive earnings per share for all periods presented.    Diluted net income per
share is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding plus any potentially dilutive shares outstanding. Potentially dilutive shares include stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and shares issuable upon the
conversion of convertible debt.    The following table sets forth the components of basic and diluted loss per share:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2014     
   
   
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
   


 
   Numerator—Net loss: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Numerator for basic and diluted net loss per share 
    
 $ 
 (403 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,183 
 )  
 
   Denominator—Weighted-average shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Denominator for basic and diluted net loss per share 
    
   
 768 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 741 
    
 
   Net loss per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 (0.53 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.60 
 )  
 
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Potential shares from outstanding stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units
totaling approximately 48 million, 59 million and 45 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were not included in the net loss per share calculations as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.  
 Potential shares issuable under the Company’s 5.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2012 (5.75% Notes) totaling 15 million
for 2012 were not included in the net loss per share calculations as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The 5.75% Notes were fully repaid on August 15, 2012.    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss .    Unrealized holding gains or losses on the Company’s available-for-sale securities, unrealized holding gains and losses on
derivative financial instruments qualifying as cash flow hedges and changes in minimum pension liabilities are included in other comprehensive loss.    The table below summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the years ended December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
   
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Unrealized gains (losses) on available- for-sale securities 
   
    
 Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Unrealized gains (losses) on available- for-sale securities 
   
    
 Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax effects 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 (6 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses realized and included in net loss, net of tax effects 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 2 
    
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
 
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
 
   
   
   Stock-Based Compensation .    The Company estimates stock-based compensation
cost for stock options at the grant date based on the option’s fair-value as calculated by the lattice-binomial option-pricing model. For restricted stock and restricted stock units, fair value is based on the closing price of the
Company’s common stock on the grant date. The Company estimates the grant-date fair value of stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units that involve a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The expense is
recognized using the single option method which is ratable on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.    The
application of the lattice-binomial option-pricing model requires the use of extensive actual employee exercise behavior data and the use of a number of complex assumptions including expected volatility of the Company’s common stock, risk-free
interest rate and expected dividends. Significant changes in any of these assumptions could materially affect the fair value of stock options granted in the future.    Forfeiture rates are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates in order to derive the Company’s best estimate
of awards ultimately expected to vest.    Recently Issued Accounting Standards  
 Disclosure of Going Concern Uncertainties .    In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
to Continue as a Going Concern (ASU 2014-15), which provides guidance on management’s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company’s ability to
continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 will be effective in the fourth quarter of 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU
2014-15 on its consolidated financial statements.    Share-Based Payments with Performance
Targets .    In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-12, Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite
Service Period (ASU 2014-12), which requires that a performance target be treated as a performance condition if it affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite service period is rendered. ASU 2014-12 will be effective in the first
quarter of 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company may use either of two methods: (i) prospective application to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (ii) retrospective application to all awards with
performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter, with the cumulative effect of applying ASU 2014-12 as an adjustment to the
opening retained earnings balance as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU 2014-12 on its consolidated financial statements
and has not yet determined which method it will apply.    Revenue Recognition .    In May 2014, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09), which creates a single source of revenue guidance under U.S. GAAP for all companies in all industries. The core principle of
ASU 2014-09 is that revenue should be recognized in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process in order to achieve this core principle, which may require the use of judgment and estimates. ASU 2014-09 also requires expanded qualitative and quantitative disclosures relating to the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers, including significant judgments and estimates used. ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2017 and early adoption is not
permitted. The Company may adopt ASU 2014-09 either by using a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its pending
adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements and has not yet determined which approach it will apply.      
 
 
 NOTE 3: 
 GLOBALFOUNDRIES    Formation and
Accounting    On March 2, 2009, the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by the Master Transaction
Agreement among the Company, Advanced Technology Investment Company LLC (currently known as Mubadala Technology Investments LLC (Mubadala Tech)) and West Coast Hitech L.P. (WCH), pursuant to which the Company formed GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF). In
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement, the Company, Mubadala Tech and GF entered into a Wafer Supply Agreement (the WSA), a Funding Agreement (the Funding Agreement) and a
Shareholders’ Agreement (the Shareholders’ Agreement) on March 2, 2009.    At GF’s formation on
March 2, 2009 and through December 26, 2009, GF was deemed a variable-interest entity, and the Company was deemed to be GF’s primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the Company consolidated GF under applicable accounting rules. As a result
of certain GF governance changes, the Company deconsolidated GF and accounted for its GF ownership under the equity method of accounting as of December 27, 2009. Following the deconsolidation, GF became the Company’s related party.
   In the first quarter of 2011, as a result of a contribution to GF by an affiliate of Mubadala Tech and certain GF governance
changes noted above, the Company’s ownership in GF was diluted, and the Company concluded that it no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over GF. Accordingly, the Company changed the
 
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
accounting for the investment in GF from the equity method to the cost method of accounting and recognized a dilution gain in investee of approximately $492 million. In the fourth quarter of
2011, the Company identified indicators of impairment in GF that were deemed other than temporary. The Company performed a valuation analysis and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $209 million. The carrying value of the Company’s
remaining investment in GF after the impairment charge was $278 million as of December 31, 2011.    On March 4, 2012,
as partial consideration for certain rights received under a second amendment to the WSA, the Company transferred to GF all of the remaining capital stock of GF that the Company owned. In addition, as of March 4, 2012, the Funding Agreement was
terminated, and the Company was no longer party to the Shareholders’ Agreement. As a result of these transactions, the Company no longer owned any GF capital stock as of March 4, 2012.  
 GF continues to be a related party of the Company because Mubadala Development Company PJSC (Mubadala) and Mubadala Tech are affiliated
with WCH, the Company’s largest stockholder. WCH and Mubadala Tech are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Mubadala.    Wafer Supply
Agreement    The WSA governs the terms by which the Company purchases products manufactured by GF. Pursuant to the WSA,
the Company is required to purchase all microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF, with limited exceptions. If the Company acquires a third party business that manufactures microprocessor and APU products, the Company will have up to two
years to transition the manufacture of such microprocessor and APU products to GF.    The WSA terminates no later than
March 2, 2024. GF has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company to transition the supply of products to another provider and to continue to fulfill purchase orders for up to two years following the termination or
expiration of the WSA. During the transition period, pricing for microprocessor and APU products will remain as set forth in the WSA, but the Company’s purchase commitments to GF will no longer apply.  
 On April 2, 2011, the Company entered into a first amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the first amendment was to change the
pricing methodology applicable to wafers delivered in 2011 for the Company’s microprocessors and APU products. The first amendment also modified the existing commitments regarding the production of certain GPU and chipset products at GF.
   On March 4, 2012, the Company entered into a second amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the second amendment was
to modify certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for the Company’s microprocessor and APU products to be delivered by GF to the Company during 2012. Under the terms of the second amendment to the WSA, GF granted the
Company rights to contract with another wafer foundry supplier with respect to specified 28nm products for a specified period of time (the limited waiver of exclusivity). In consideration for the limited waiver of exclusivity, the Company recorded a
charge of $703 million in the first quarter of 2012, consisting of a $425 million cash payment and a $278 million non-cash charge representing the transfer to GF of the Company’s remaining investment in GF at fair value.  
 On December 6, 2012, the Company entered into a third amendment to the WSA. Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company modified
its wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 made pursuant to the second amendment to the WSA. In addition, the Company agreed to certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for its microprocessor and APU
products to be delivered by GF to the Company from the fourth quarter of 2012 through December 31, 2013. Pursuant to the third amendment, GF agreed to waive a portion of the Company’s wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of
2012. In consideration for this waiver, the Company agreed to pay GF a fee of $320 million. As a result, the Company recorded a lower of cost or market charge of $273 million for the write-down of inventory to its market value in the fourth quarter
of 2012. The cash impact of this $320 million fee was paid over several quarters, with $80 million paid on December 28, 2012, $40 million paid on April 1, 2013 and $200 million paid on December 31, 2013.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On March 30, 2014, the Company entered into a fourth amendment to the WSA. The primary
effect of the fourth amendment was to establish volume purchase commitments and fixed pricing for the 2014 calendar year as well as to modify certain other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for some of the Company’s microprocessor, graphics
processor and semi-custom game console products to be delivered by GF to us during the 2014 calendar year.    The total
purchases from GF related to wafer manufacturing and research and development activities for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $1.0 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively.  
   
 
 
 NOTE 4: 
 Sale and Leaseback Transactions    In September 2013, the Company sold a light industrial building in Singapore and leased back a portion of the original space. The Company received net proceeds of $46 million in connection with the sale,
which resulted in a $17 million gain that the Company recorded in the third quarter of 2013 and a $14 million deferred gain as of September 28, 2013 that is being amortized over the initial operating lease term. The initial operating lease term
expires in September 2023 and provides for options to extend the lease for 4 years, at the end of the initial operating lease term, and for an additional 3.5 years thereafter.    In September 2013, the Company also sold an office building in Austin, Texas. The Company received net cash proceeds of $10 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $5 million gain in the third
quarter of 2013.    In March 2013, the Company sold and leased back land and office buildings in Austin, Texas. The Company
received net cash proceeds of $164 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $52 million charge in the first quarter of 2013. The operating lease expires in March 2025 and provides for one 10-year optional renewal.  
 In March 2013, the Company also sold an office building in Markham, Ontario, Canada, and leased back a portion of the original space
through June 2013. The Company received net cash proceeds of $13 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $6 million gain in the first quarter of 2013.    The net charge of $24 million in 2013 related to the real estate transactions described above is recorded in the “Restructuring and other special charges, net” on the consolidated statements of
operations.      
 
 
 NOTE 5: 
 Supplemental Balance Sheet Information  
 Inventories      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Raw materials 
    
 $ 
 40 
    
    
 $ 
 30 
    
 
   Work in process 
    
   
 431 
    
    
   
 727 
    
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 214 
    
    
   
 127 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total inventories, net 
    
 $ 
 685 
    
    
 $ 
 884 
    
 
   
   
   Property, plant and equipment  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
   
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Land and land improvements 
    
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 3 
    
 
   Buildings and leasehold improvements 
    
   
 246 
    
   
   
 246 
    
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 1,416 
    
   
   
 1,466 
    
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   
   
 
 
    
   
 1,680 
    
   
   
 1,733 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (1,378 
 )  
   
   
 (1,387 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
 $ 
 302 
    
   
 $ 
 346 
    
 
   
   
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Depreciation expense for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $115 million, $139 million and $179
million, respectively.    Other assets      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Software and technology licenses 
    
 $ 
   219 
    
    
 $ 
   280 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 125 
    
    
   
 106 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
 $ 
 344 
    
    
 $ 
 386 
    
 
   
   
   Accrued and other current liabilities  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Accrued compensation and benefits 
    
 $ 
 139 
    
    
 $ 
 186 
    
 
   Marketing programs and advertising expenses 
    
   
 141 
    
    
   
 150 
    
 
   Software technology and licenses payable 
    
   
 39 
    
    
   
 27 
    
 
   Other accrued and current liabilities 
    
   
 239 
    
    
   
 167 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total accrued and other current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 558 
    
    
 $ 
 530 
    
 
   
   
     
 
 
 NOTE 6: 
 Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets    Goodwill    The carrying amounts of goodwill as of December 27, 2014
and December 28, 2013 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Computing and Graphics 
   
   
 Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 
   
    
 All Other 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Initial goodwill due to ATI acquisition 
    
 $ 
 1,194 
    
   
 $ 
   255 
    
    
 $ 
 745 
    
   
 $ 
 2,194 
    
 
   Initial goodwill due to SeaMicro acquisition 
    
   
 165 
    
   
   
 65 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 230 
    
 
 
    
   
 1,359 
    
   
   
 320 
    
    
   
 745 
    
   
   
 2,424 
    
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
    
   
 (1,126 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (745 
 )  
   
   
 (1,871 
 )  
 
   Balance as of December 29, 2012 
    
   
 233 
    
   
   
 320 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 553 
    
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Balance as of December 28, 2013 
    
   
 233 
    
   
   
 320 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 553 
    
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 (233 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (233 
 )  
 
   Balance as of December 27, 2014 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 320 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 320 
    
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
    
 $ 
 (1,359 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 (745 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,104 
 )  
   In the third quarter of 2014, the Company’s realignment of its organizational structure, effective
July 1, 2014, caused a change in the composition of the Company’s reportable segments and reporting units. This represented a change in circumstance requiring the reassignment of the goodwill to the new reporting units using a relative
fair value approach and an interim goodwill impairment analysis before and after the Company’s reorganization. The Company completed this goodwill impairment analysis during the third quarter of 2014. For purposes of this analysis, the
Company’s estimates of fair value were based on the income approach, which estimates the fair value of the Company’s reporting units based on future discounted cash flows. The Company determined that each reporting unit’s estimated
fair value exceeded its carrying value, indicating that there was no goodwill impairment.  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company conducted its annual impairment test of
goodwill. In step one of the impairment test, the Company compared the fair value of each of the reporting units to its carrying value. The Company determined that the carrying value of the Computing and Graphics reporting unit exceeded
its fair value, indicating potential goodwill impairment existed based on a combination of factors such as a decline in stock price. Therefore, the Company performed the second step of the impairment test, in which the fair value of the reporting
unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit on a fair value basis, including any unrecognized intangible assets, with any excess representing the implied fair value of goodwill. The fair value was determined using an
income approach, which estimates the present value of future cash flows based on management’s forecast of revenue growth rates and operating margins. Based on this analysis, the implied fair value of the goodwill of the Computing and Graphics
reporting unit was zero. The Company concluded that the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to the Computing and Graphics segment exceeded the implied fair values and recorded an impairment charge of $233 million, which is included in
“Goodwill impairment charge” on the Company’s consolidated statement of operations.    The Company determined
that the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value of the remaining two reporting units, indicating that there was no goodwill impairment with respect to these reporting units. In connection with completing the goodwill impairment
analysis, the Company reviewed its long-lived tangible and intangible assets within the Computing and Graphics reporting unit under ASC 360, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.” The Company determined that the
forecasted undiscounted cash flows related to these assets or asset groups were in excess of their carrying values, and therefore these assets were not impaired.    In the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2012, the Company conducted its annual impairment tests of goodwill. Based on the results of the Company’s analysis of goodwill, each reporting unit’s
fair value exceeded its carrying value, indicating that there was no goodwill impairment in 2013 or 2012.  
 Acquisition-related intangible assets    The balances of acquisition-related intangible assets as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
     
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   
    
 Weighted- average amortization period 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
    
 Net 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except years) 
   


 
   Developed technology 
    
 $ 
 258 
    
    
 $ 
 (201 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57 
    
    
   
 5.15 years 
    
    
 $ 
 258 
    
    
 $ 
 (189 
 )  
    
 $ 
 69 
    
 
   In-process research and development 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 168 
    
    
   
 (167 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1.25 years 
    
    
   
 168 
    
    
   
 (166 
 )  
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Trademark and trade name 
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1.25 years 
    
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 (36 
 )  
    
   
 1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 469 
    
    
 $ 
 (404 
 )  
   
 $ 
 65 
    
    
   
 4.56 years 
    
    
 $ 
 469 
    
    
 $ 
 (391 
 )  
    
 $ 
 78 
    
 
   
   
   The following table summarizes amortization expense associated with acquisition-related intangible
assets:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Developed technology 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
   13 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Trademark and trade name 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 18 
    
    
 $ 
   14 
    
 
   
   
 
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of December 27, 2014, the Company’s future amortization expenses related to
acquisition-related intangible assets were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year 
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   2020 and thereafter 
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
    
   
 59 
    
 
   In-process research and development 
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Total intangible assets, net 
    
 $ 
 65 
    
     
 
 
 NOTE 7: 
 Financial Instruments    Cash, Cash
Equivalents and Marketable Securities    Cash and financial instruments measured and recorded at fair value on a
recurring basis as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 are summarized below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Total Fair 
 Value 
   
    
   Cash and 
 Cash 
 Equivalents 
   
    
 
 Short-Term   Marketable   Securities 
   
    
   Long-Term 
 Marketable 
 Securities 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   December 27, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 391 
    
    
 $ 
 391 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Level 1 (1)(2) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   
   
 
   Total level 1 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   
   
 
   Level 2 (2)(3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 618 
    
    
   
 410 
    
    
   
 208 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   
   
 
   Total level 2 
    
   
 645 
    
    
   
 410 
    
    
   
 235 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,040 
    
    
 $ 
 805 
    
    
 $ 
 235 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Total Fair 
 Value 
   
    
   Cash and 
 Cash 
 Equivalents 
   
    
 
 Short-Term   Marketable   Securities 
   
    
   Long-Term 
 Marketable 
 Securities 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   December 28, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 429 
    
    
 $ 
 429 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Level 1 (1)(2) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total level 1 
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Level 2 (2)(3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 599 
    
    
   
 421 
    
    
   
 178 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Time deposits 
    
   
 50 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 88 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 88 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total level 2 
    
   
 737 
    
    
   
 421 
    
    
   
 228 
    
    
   
 88 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
   1,187 
    
    
 $ 
   869 
    
    
 $ 
   228 
    
    
 $ 
 90 
    
 
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The Company’s Level 1 assets are valued using quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.  
 
 
 (2) 
 The Company did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during 2014 and 2013.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (3) 
 The Company’s Level 2 short-term investments are valued using broker reports that utilize quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments. Brokers
gather observable inputs for all of the Company’s fixed income securities from a variety of industry data providers and other third-party sources. The Company’s Level 2 long-term investments were valued using broker reports that utilize a
third-party professional pricing service that gathers information from multiple market sources and integrates relevant credit information, observed market movements and sector news into their pricing evaluation. The Company validated, on a sample
basis, the derived prices provided by the brokers by comparing their assessment of the fair values of the Level 2 long-term investments against the fair values of the portfolio balances of another third-party professional’s pricing service,
other than that utilized by the brokers, that use a similar technique as the brokers to derive pricing as described above.    Available-for-sale securities held by the Company as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 consisted of money market funds, commercial paper, time deposits, corporate bonds and mutual
funds. The amortized cost of available-for-sale securities approximates the fair value for all periods presented.    In addition
to those amounts presented above, at December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, the Company had approximately $10 million and $18 million of available-for-sale investments in money market funds, used as collateral for leased buildings and
letters of credit deposits, which were included in Other Assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. These money market funds are classified within Level 1 because they are valued using quoted prices for identical instruments in active
markets. Their amortized costs are the same as the fair value for all periods presented. The Company is restricted from accessing these deposits.    Also in addition to those amounts presented above, at December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, the Company had approximately $16 million and $14 million of available-for-sale investments in
mutual funds held in a Rabbi trust established for the Company’s deferred compensation plan, which were included in Other Assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. These mutual funds are classified within Level 1 because they
are valued using quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Their amortized cost approximates the fair value for all periods presented. The Company is restricted from accessing these investments.  
 There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2014. During 2013 the Company realized a loss of $2 million on sales of
available-for-sale securities of $28 million. The cost of securities sold is determined based on the specific identification method.    During 2014, the Company reclassified $45 million of its marketable securities that were previously classified as long-term to short-term as those were intended to be used for operations in the next
twelve months.    At December 27, 2014, the Company had no investments that were classified as long-term marketable
securities. At December 28, 2013, $90 million of investments were classified as long-term marketable securities.    All
contractual maturities of the Company’s available-for-sale marketable debt securities as of December 27, 2014 were within one year. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or
prepay obligations without call or prepayment penalties.    Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis.     The Company carries its financial instruments at fair value with the exception of its debt. Financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value are measured at fair value on a quarterly basis for disclosure
purposes. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments not recorded at fair value are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
     
    
   Carrying 
 Amount 
   
    
   Estimated 
 Fair Value 
   
    
   Carrying 
 Amount 
   
    
   Estimated 
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Short-term debt (excluding capital leases) 
    
 $ 
 172 
    
    
 $ 
 173 
    
    
 $ 
 55 
    
    
 $ 
 55 
    
 
   Long-term debt (excluding capital leases) 
    
 $ 
   2,025 
    
    
 $ 
   1,858 
    
    
 $ 
   1,986 
    
    
 $ 
   2,132 
    
 
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company’s short-term and long-term debt are classified within Level 2. The fair
value of the debt was estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. The fair value of the Company’s accounts receivable,
accounts payable and other short-term obligations approximate their carrying value based on existing payment terms.    Hedging
Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments    Cash Flow Hedges  
 The following table shows the amount of gain (loss) included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), the amount of gain (loss)
reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and included in earnings related to the foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges and the amount of gain (loss) included in other income (expense), net, related
to contracts not designated as hedging instruments, which was allocated in the consolidated statements of operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Marketing, general and administrative 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other income (expense), net 
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   The Company’s foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 2 because the
valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments in active markets, such as currency spot and forward rates.    The following table shows the fair value amounts included in prepaid expenses and other current assets should the foreign currency forward contracts be in a gain position or included in accrued and other
current liabilities should these contracts be in a loss position. These amounts were recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
   Contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   For the foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges, the ineffective portions of the
hedging relationship and the amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were immaterial.    As of
December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, the notional values of the Company’s outstanding foreign currency forward contracts were $298 million and $124 million, respectively. All the contracts mature within 12 months, and, upon
maturity, the amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are expected to be reclassified into earnings. The Company hedges its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions over a maximum of 12
months. As of December 27, 2014, the Company’s outstanding contracts were in a net loss position of $7 million.  
 Fair Value Hedges    In the third quarter of 2014, the Company entered into fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps on a notional amount of $250 million to hedge a portion of the Company’s 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019
(6.75% Notes). The purpose of these swaps is to manage a portion of the Company’s exposure to interest rate risk by converting fixed  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
rate interest payments to floating rate interest payments. The swaps effectively converted a portion of the fixed interest payments payable on the 6.75% Notes into variable interest payments
based on LIBOR. The interest rate swaps are designated as a fair value hedge. Because the specific terms and notional amount of the swaps are intended to match the portion of the 6.75% Notes being hedged, it is assumed to be a highly effective
hedge. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are exactly offset by changes in the fair value of the 6.75% Notes. All changes in fair value of the swaps are recorded on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets with
no net impact to the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.    The Company’s fair value hedge derivative
contracts are classified within Level 2 because the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments in active markets.    The following table shows the fair value amounts included in long-term other assets should the fair value hedge derivative contracts be in a gain position or included in other long-term liabilities should
these contracts be in a loss position. These amounts were recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Interest Rate Swap Contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Contracts designated as fair value hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
   3 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
     
 
 
 NOTE 8: 
 Concentrations of Credit and Operation Risk    Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of investments in debt securities, trade receivables and derivative financial instruments used
in hedging activities.    The Company places its investments with high credit quality financial institutions and, by policy,
limits the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution. The Company invests in time deposits and certificates of deposit from banks having combined capital, surplus and undistributed profits of not less than $200 million. At the
time an investment is made, investments in commercial paper of industrial firms and financial institutions are rated A1, P1 or better. The Company invests in tax-exempt securities, including municipal notes and bonds, corporate bonds that are rated
A, A2 or better and repurchase agreements, each of which have securities of the type and quality listed above as collateral.  
 The Company believes that concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited because a large number of
geographically diverse customers make up the Company’s customer base, thus diluting the trade credit risk. Accounts receivable from the Company’s top three customers accounted for approximately 28%, 17% and 15% of the total consolidated
accounts receivable balance as of December 27, 2014 and 21%, 18% and 17% of the total consolidated accounts receivable balance as of December 28, 2013. However, the Company does not believe the receivable balance from these customers
represents a significant credit risk based on past collection experience, and review of their current credit quality. The Company manages its exposure to customer credit risk through credit limits, credit lines, ongoing monitoring procedures and
credit approvals. Furthermore, the Company performs in-depth credit evaluations of all new customers and, at intervals, for existing customers. From this, the Company may require letters of credit, bank or corporate guarantees or advance payments,
if deemed necessary.    The Company’s existing derivative financial instruments are with four large international financial
institutions of investment grade credit rating. The Company does not believe that there is significant risk of nonperformance by these counterparties because the Company monitors their credit rating on an ongoing basis. By using derivative
instruments, the Company is subject to credit and market risk. If a counterparty fails to fulfill its performance obligations under a derivative contract, the Company’s credit risk will equal the fair value of the derivative instrument.
Generally, when the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the Company, thus creating a receivable risk for the Company. Based upon certain factors, including a review of the credit default swap rates for the Company’s counterparties, the Company
determined its counterparty credit risk to be immaterial. At December 27, 2014, the Company’s obligations under the contracts exceeded the counterparties’ obligations by $7 million.  
 The Company is dependent on certain equipment and materials from a limited number of suppliers and relies on a limited number of foreign
companies to supply the majority of certain types of integrated circuit packages for its internal back-end manufacturing operations. Similarly, certain non-proprietary materials or components such as memory, PCBs, substrates and capacitors used in
the manufacture of the Company’s graphics products are currently available from only a limited number of sources. Interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry could cause shortages and price increases in various essential
materials. If the Company or its third-party manufacturing suppliers are unable to procure certain of these materials, or its foundries are unable to procure materials for manufacturing its products, its business would be materially adversely
affected.      
 
 
 NOTE 9: 
 Income Taxes    The
provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   U.S. State and Local 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Foreign National and Local 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Total 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Deferred: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 (37 
 )  
 
   Foreign National and Local 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Total 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 (40 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
   (34 
 )  
   Loss before income taxes consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   U.S. 
    
 $ 
   (621 
 )  
    
 $ 
   (397 
 )  
    
 $ 
   (1,242 
 )  
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 223 
    
    
   
 323 
    
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Total pre-tax loss 
    
 $ 
 (398 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (74 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (1,217 
 )  
 
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of tax carryovers and temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the balances for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 27,
2014 and December 28, 2013 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net operating loss carryovers 
    
 $ 
 1,978 
    
    
 $ 
 1,701 
    
 
   Deferred distributor income 
    
   
 28 
    
    
   
 49 
    
 
   Inventory valuation 
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 32 
    
 
   Accrued expenses not currently deductible 
    
   
 107 
    
    
   
 113 
    
 
   Acquired intangibles 
    
   
 248 
    
    
   
 343 
    
 
   Tax deductible goodwill 
    
   
 295 
    
    
   
 271 
    
 
   Federal and state tax credit carryovers 
    
   
 391 
    
    
   
 321 
    
 
   Foreign capitalized research and development costs 
    
   
 41 
    
    
   
 22 
    
 
   Foreign research and development ITC credits 
    
   
 282 
    
    
   
 305 
    
 
   Discount of convertible notes 
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 65 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 167 
    
    
   
 217 
    
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
    
   
 3,570 
    
    
   
 3,439 
    
 
   Less: valuation allowance 
    
   
 (3,495 
 )  
    
   
 (3,375 
 )  
 
   Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
    
   
 75 
    
    
   
 64 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Acquired intangibles 
    
   
 (37 
 )  
    
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (56 
 )  
    
   
 (45 
 )  
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
   The breakdown between current and non-current deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as of
December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Current deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Non-current deferred tax assets 
    
   
 33 
    
    
   
 18 
    
 
   Current deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
   Current deferred tax assets and current deferred tax liabilities are included in captions “Prepaid
expenses and other current assets” and “Accrued and other current liabilities,” respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. Non-current deferred tax assets are included in the caption “Other assets” on the consolidated
balance sheets.    As of December 27, 2014, substantially all of the Company’s U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets,
net of deferred tax liabilities, continued to be subject to a valuation allowance. The realization of these assets is dependent on substantial future taxable income which, at December 27, 2014, in management’s estimate, is not more likely
than not to be achieved. In 2014, the net valuation allowance increased by $120 million primarily for increases in deferred tax assets related to the net operating losses generated from pre-tax book losses in the
 
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
United States. In 2013, the net valuation allowance decreased by $26 million primarily for decreases in deferred tax assets related to the utilization of net operating losses due to pre-tax book
income in Canada. In 2012, the net valuation allowance increased by $423 million primarily for increases in deferred tax assets related to the net operating losses generated from pre-tax book losses net of the benefit relating to the SeaMicro
acquisition. Purchase accounting for the SeaMicro acquisition required the establishment of a deferred tax liability related to the book tax basis differences of identifiable intangible assets that increased goodwill. The deferred tax liability
created an additional source of U.S. future taxable income which resulted in a release of a portion of the Company’s U.S. valuation allowance.    As of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, the Company had $127 million and $191 million, respectively, of deferred tax assets subject to a valuation allowance that related to excess stock
option deductions, which are not presented in the deferred tax asset balances. As of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, $10 million of deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance related to a deductible discount for tax only
associated with the Company’s 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (the 6.00% Notes). The tax benefit from these deductions will increase capital in excess of par when realized, if at all.  
 The following is a summary of the various tax attribute carryforwards the Company had as of December 27, 2014. The amounts presented
below include amounts related to excess stock option deductions, as discussed above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carryforward 
    
 Federal 
   
    
   State / 
 Provincial 
   
    
 Expiration 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   U.S.-net operating loss carryovers 
    
 $ 
 5,432 
    
    
 $ 
 231 
    
    
   
 2015 to 2034 
    
 
   U.S.-credit carryovers 
    
 $ 
 403 
    
    
 $ 
 193 
    
    
   
 2018 to 2034 
    
 
   Canada-net operating loss carryovers 
    
 $ 
 217 
    
    
 $ 
 217 
    
    
   
 2025 to 2028 
    
 
   Canada-credit carryovers 
    
 $ 
 357 
    
    
 $ 
 31 
    
    
   
 2021 to 2034 
    
 
   Canada-R&D pools 
    
 $ 
 154 
    
    
 $ 
 154 
    
    
   
 no expiration 
    
 
   Barbados-net operating loss carryovers 
    
 $ 
 198 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 2015 to 2017 
    
 
   Other foreign net operating loss carryovers 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 various 
    
   Utilization of $17 million of the Company’s U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards are
subject to annual limitations as a result of the ATI Technologies ULC (ATI) acquisition.    The table below displays
reconciliation between statutory federal income taxes and the total provision (benefit) for income taxes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Statutory federal income tax benefit at 35% rate 
    
 $ 
   (139 
 )  
    
 $ 
   (26 
 )  
    
 $ 
   (426 
 )  
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Foreign (income) expense at other than U.S. rates 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 15 
    
    
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   U.S. valuation allowance generated 
    
   
 144 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 406 
    
 
   Credit monetization 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 (34 
 )  
   The Company has made no provision for U.S. income taxes on approximately $349 million of cumulative
undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries through December 27, 2014 because it is the Company’s intention to indefinitely reinvest such earnings. If such earnings were distributed, the Company would incur additional income
taxes of approximately $122 million (after an adjustment for foreign tax credits). These additional income taxes may not result in income tax expense or a cash payment to the Internal Revenue Service, but may result in the utilization of deferred
tax assets that are currently subject to a valuation allowance.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company’s operations in Malaysia currently operate under a tax holiday, which will
expire in 2018. This tax holiday may be extended if specific conditions are met. The net impact of the tax holiday was to decrease the Company’s net loss by $2 million in 2014, less than $.01 per share, diluted. The net impact of tax holidays
decreased the Company’s net loss by $1 million in 2013, less than $.01 per share, diluted, and decreased the Company’s net loss by $11 million in 2012, less than $.02 per share, diluted.  
 A reconciliation of the gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 52 
    
    
 $ 
   56 
    
    
 $ 
 69 
    
 
   Increases for tax positions taken in prior years 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Decreases for tax positions taken in prior years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Increases for tax positions taken in the current year 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Decreases for settlements with taxing authorities 
    
   
 (27 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 28 
    
    
 $ 
 52 
    
    
 $ 
 56 
    
   The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate was $3 million, $3
million and $2 million as of December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012, respectively. The Company had no or immaterial amounts of accrued interest and no accrued penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of
December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012. The Company recognizes the accrued interest and penalties to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and income tax expense, respectively.  
 During the 12 months beginning December 28, 2014, the Company expects to reduce its unrecognized tax benefits by $7 million
primarily as a result of the settlement of tax audits with certain foreign tax authorities. The Company does not believe it is reasonably possible that other unrecognized tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months. However, the
resolutions and/or closure of open audits are highly uncertain.    As of December 27, 2014, the Canada Revenue Agency, or
CRA, had completed its audit of ATI for the years 2005 through 2007 and issued its final Notice of Assessment, which the Company has reviewed and agreed to. The CRA is currently auditing international transactions for the years 2008 through 2010. As
of December 27, 2014, the Italian tax authorities are currently conducting their audit of the Company’s subsidiaries’ activities in Italy for the years 2003 through 2013. The Company is in the process of providing documentation in
response to the inquiries. The Company and its subsidiaries have several foreign, foreign provincial, and U.S. state audits in process at any one point in time. The Company has provided for uncertain tax positions that require a liability under the
adopted method to account for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has not recognized any current or long-term deferred tax assets under a valuation allowance as a result of the application of uncertainty in income taxes in ASC 740 for
unrecognized tax benefits as of December 27, 2014.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 NOTE 10: 
 Debt and Other Obligations    Total Debt
   The Company’s total debt as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 consisted of:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   6.00% Notes, net of discount 
    
 $ 
 42 
    
    
 $ 
 517 
    
 
   8.125% Notes, net of discount 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 470 
    
 
   6.75% Notes 
    
   
 600 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   6.75% Notes, interest rate swap 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   7.75% Notes 
    
   
 450 
    
    
   
 500 
    
 
   7.50% Notes 
    
   
 475 
    
    
   
 500 
    
 
   7.00% Notes 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Secured Revolving Line of Credit 
    
   
 130 
    
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Capital lease obligations 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 16 
    
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 2,212 
    
    
   
 2,058 
    
 
   Less: current portion 
    
   
 177 
    
    
   
 60 
    
 
   Total debt, less current portion 
    
 $ 
   2,035 
    
    
 $ 
   1,998 
    
   6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015  
 On April 27, 2007, the Company issued $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of the 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes (6.00% Notes).
The 6.00% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on May 1 and November 1 of each year beginning November 1, 2007 until the maturity date of May 1, 2015. The terms of the 6.00% Notes are governed by an
Indenture (the 6.00% Indenture), dated April 27, 2007, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.    In
2014, the Company repurchased $64 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.00% Notes in open market transactions for $69 million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $1 million. Also, during 2014, the Company repurchased a
portion of the 6.00% Notes through a partial tender offer. The Company repurchased $423 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.00% Notes for $460 million in cash, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $10 million. The Company
incurred a total loss of $10 million in connection with the foregoing repurchases of the 6.00% Notes.    In 2013, the Company
repurchased $50 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.00% Notes in open market transactions for $53 million. For the repurchase of the 6.00% Notes during 2013, the Company allocated $3 million of the $53 million aggregate cash payment to
the equity component and reduced the principal amount of the debt by $50 million. Prior to 2013, the Company repurchased $1.6 billion in principal amount of the 6.00% Notes for $1.4 billion.  
 As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount and remaining carrying value of the 6.00% Notes were $42
million. The remaining $42 million of aggregate principal amount of 6.00% Notes has been reclassified as short-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 27, 2014.  
 The proceeds from the issuance of the 6.00% Notes were allocated between a liability (issued at a discount) and equity in a manner that
reflects interest expense at the market interest rate for similar nonconvertible debt as of the original issuance date of the 6.00% Notes. The debt discount is being accrued from issuance through April 2015, the period the 6.00% Notes are expected
to be outstanding, with the accretion recorded as additional non-cash interest expense. The equity component is included in the paid-in-capital portion of stockholders’ equity on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. The initial value
of the equity component ($259 million), which reflects the equity conversion feature of the 6.00% Notes, is equal to the initial debt discount.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Information related to equity and debt components:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Carrying amount of the equity component 
    
 $ 
   125 
    
    
 $ 
   159 
    
 
   Principal amount of the 6.00% Notes 
    
   
 42 
    
    
   
 530 
    
 
   Unamortized discount 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Net carrying amount 
    
 $ 
 42 
    
    
 $ 
 517 
    
   Information related to interest rates and expense:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions, except percentages) 
   


 
   Effective interest rate 
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Interest cost related to contractual interest coupon 
    
 $ 
   9 
    
   
 $ 
   45 
    
   
 $ 
   44 
    
 
   Interest cost related to amortization of the discount 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   Upon the occurrence of certain events described in the 6.00% Indenture, the 6.00% Notes will be
convertible into cash up to the principal amount, and if applicable, into shares of the Company’s common stock issuable upon conversion of the 6.00% Notes in respect of any conversion value above the principal amount, based on an initial
conversion rate of 35.6125 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 6.00% Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of $28.08 per share. This initial conversion price represents a premium of 100% relative to the last
reported sale price of the Company’s common stock on April 23, 2007 (the trading date preceding the date of pricing of the 6.00% Notes) of $14.04 per share. The conversion rate will be adjusted for certain anti-dilution events. In
addition, the conversion rate will be increased in the case of corporate events that constitute a fundamental change (as defined in the 6.00% Indenture) under certain circumstances. Holders of the 6.00% Notes may require the Company to repurchase
the 6.00% Notes for cash equal to 100% of the principal amount to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest upon the occurrence of a fundamental change or a termination of trading (as defined in the 6.00% Indenture). Additionally, an event of
default (as defined in the 6.00% Indenture) may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 6.00% Notes.    8.125% Senior Notes Due
2017    On November 30, 2009, the Company issued $500 million of the 8.125% Senior Notes Due 2017 (8.125% Notes) at
a discount of 10.204%.    During 2014, the Company repurchased and redeemed the entire $500 million in aggregate principal
amount of its 8.125% Notes for $531 million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $8 million. The Company incurred a total loss of $54 million in connection with the foregoing repurchase and redemption of the 8.125% Notes. As of
December 27, 2014, the Company did not have any 8.125% Notes outstanding.    6.75% Senior Notes Due 2019  
 On February 26, 2014, the Company issued $600 million of its 6.75% Notes. The 6.75% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of
the Company. Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning September 1, 2014 until the maturity date of March 1, 2019. The 6.75% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 6.75% Indenture) dated
February 26, 2014 between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.    As of December 27, 2014, the
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 6.75% Notes was $600 million.  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  At any time before March 1, 2019, the Company may redeem some or all of the 6.75% Notes
at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as set forth in the 6.75% Indenture).    Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 6.75% Notes in the event that the Company undergoes a change of control, as defined in the 6.75% Indenture, at a price
of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Additionally, an event of default (as defined in the 6.75% Indenture) may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 6.75% Notes.  
 The 6.75% Indenture contains certain covenants that limit, among other things, the Company’s ability and the ability of its
subsidiaries, to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional indebtedness, except specified permitted debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends and make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make certain investments if an event of a default exists, or if specified financial conditions are not satisfied;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit certain liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to the Company;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   use the proceeds from sales of assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidate, merge or sell its assets as entirety or substantially as an entirety.  
 7.75% Senior Notes Due 2020    On August 4, 2010, the Company issued $500 million of its 7.75% Senior Notes Due 2020 (7.75% Notes). The 7.75% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company. Interest is payable on
February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning February 1, 2011 until the maturity date of August 1, 2020. The 7.75% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 7.75% Indenture) dated August 4, 2010 between the
Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.    During 2014, the Company repurchased $50 million in aggregate principal
amount of its 7.75% Notes in open market transactions for $49 million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $1 million. The Company recorded a total gain of $2 million in connection with the foregoing repurchase of the 7.75%
Notes. As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 7.75% Notes was $450 million.    Prior to
August 1, 2015, the Company may redeem some or all of the 7.75% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as defined in the 7.75% Indenture). From
August 1, 2015, the Company may redeem the 7.75% Notes at specified redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
   Price as 
 Percentage of   Principal Amount 
   


 
   Beginning on August 1, 2015 through July 31, 2016 
    
   
 103.875 
 %  
 
   Beginning on August 1, 2016 through July 31, 2017 
    
   
 102.583 
 %  
 
   Beginning on August 1, 2017 through July 31, 2018 
    
   
 101.292 
 %  
 
   On August 1, 2018 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
 
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 7.75%
Notes in the event that the Company undergoes a change of control, as defined in the 7.75% Indenture, at a repurchase price of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Additionally, an event of default (as defined in the 7.75%
Indenture) may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 7.75% Notes.    The 7.75% Indenture contains certain covenants
that limit, among other things, the Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries, from:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incurring additional indebtedness, except specified permitted debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   paying dividends and making other restricted payments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   making certain investments if an event of a default exists, or if specified financial conditions are not satisfied;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   creating or permitting certain liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   creating or permitting restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to the Company;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   using the proceeds from sales of assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   entering into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidating, merging or selling its assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety.  
 7.50% Senior Notes Due 2022    On August 15, 2012, the Company issued $500 million of its 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 (7.50% Notes). The 7.50% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company. Interest is payable on
February 15 and August 15 of each year beginning February 15, 2013 until the maturity date of August 15, 2022. The 7.50% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 7.50% Indenture) dated August 15, 2012 between the
Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.    During 2014, the Company repurchased $25 million in aggregate principal
amount of its 7.50% Notes in open market transactions for $24 million. The payment of accrued and unpaid interest included in the purchase price was immaterial. The Company incurred a total gain of $1 million in connection with the foregoing
repurchase of the 7.50% Notes. As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 7.50% Notes was $475 million.    At any time (which may be more than once) before August 15, 2015, the Company can redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 7.50% Notes within 90 days of the closing of an equity
offering with the net proceeds thereof at a redemption price not greater than 107.5% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. Prior to August 15, 2022, the Company may
redeem some or all of the 7.50% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as defined in the 7.50% Indenture).  
 Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 7.50% Notes in the event that the Company undergoes a
change of control, as defined in the 7.50% Indenture, at a repurchase price of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Additionally, an event of default (as defined in the 7.50% Indenture) may result in the acceleration of the
maturity of the 7.50% Notes.    The 7.50% Indenture contains certain covenants that limit, among other things, the
Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries, to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional indebtedness, except specified permitted debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends and make other restricted payments;  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   make certain investments if an event of a default exists, or if specified financial conditions are not satisfied;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit certain liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to the Company;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   use the proceeds from sales of assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidate, merge or sell its assets as entirety or substantially as an entirety.  
 7.00% Senior Notes Due 2024    On June 16, 2014, the Company issued $500 million of its 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024 (7.00% Notes). The 7.00% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company. Interest is payable on
January 1 and July 1 of each year beginning January 1, 2015 until the maturity date of July 1, 2024. The 7.00% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 7.00% Indenture) dated June 16, 2014 between the Company and
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee.    As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 7.00%
Notes was $500 million.    At any time before July 1, 2017, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal
amount of the 7.00% Notes within 90 days of the closing of an equity offering with the net proceeds thereof at a redemption price equal to 107.000% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date
of redemption. Prior to July 1, 2019, the Company may redeem some or all of the 7.00% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make whole” premium (as set forth in the 7.00%
Indenture).    Starting July 1, 2019, the Company may redeem the 7.00% Notes for cash at the following specified prices
plus accrued and unpaid interest:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
   Price as 
 Percentage of   Principal Amount 
   


 
   Beginning on July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020 
    
   
 103.500 
 %  
 
   Beginning on July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 
    
   
 102.333 
 %  
 
   Beginning on July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 
    
   
 101.167 
 %  
 
   On July 1, 2022 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
   Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 7.00% Notes in the
event that the Company undergoes a change of control, as defined in the 7.00% Indenture, at a repurchase price of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Additionally, an event of default (as defined in the 7.00% Indenture)
may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 7.00% Notes.    The 7.00% Indenture contains certain covenants that limit,
among other things, the Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries, to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional indebtedness, except specified permitted debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends and make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make certain investments if an event of a default exists, or if specified financial conditions are not satisfied;  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit certain liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create or permit restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to the Company;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   use the proceeds from sales of assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidate, merge or sell its assets as entirety or substantially as an entirety.  
 The 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 7.00% Notes rank equally with the Company’s existing and future senior
debt and are senior to all of the Company’s future subordinated debt. The 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 7.00% Notes rank junior to all of the Company’s future senior secured debt to the extent of the collateral
securing such debt and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future debt and liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries.  
 Potential Repurchase of Outstanding Notes    The Company may elect to purchase or otherwise retire the 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 7.00% Notes with cash, stock or other assets from time to time in open market or privately
negotiated transactions, either directly or through intermediaries, or by tender offer when the Company believes the market conditions are favorable to do so.    Secured Revolving Line of Credit    On November 12, 2013, the
Company and its subsidiary, AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd. (together, the Borrowers), entered into a loan and security agreement (the Loan Agreement) for a senior secured asset based line of credit for a principal amount up to $500
million (the Secured Revolving Line of Credit) with up to $75 million available for issuance of letters of credit, with a group of lenders and Bank of America, N.A., acting as agent for the lenders (the “Agent”). The Secured Revolving Line
of Credit matures on November 12, 2018. Borrowings under the Secured Revolving Line of Credit are limited to up to 85% of eligible account receivable minus certain reserves. The borrowings of the Secured Revolving Line of Credit may be used for
general corporate purposes, including working capital needs.    The Borrowers can elect that the borrowings under the Secured
Revolving Line of Credit may bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (a) London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.75%, or (b) (i) the greater of (x) the Agent’s prime rate,
(y) the federal funds rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 0.50%, and (z) LIBOR for a one-month period plus 1.00%, plus (ii) an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.75%. The applicable margin to be
applied to the borrowings under the Company’s Secured Revolving Line of Credit is dependent on the Borrowers achieving a certain fixed charge coverage ratio. The Secured Revolving Line of Credit may be optionally prepaid or terminated or
unutilized commitments may be reduced, in each case at any time without premium or penalty. In connection with the Secured Revolving Line of Credit, the Borrowers are required to pay an unused line fee equal to 0.50% per annum, payable monthly
on the unused amount of the commitments under the Secured Revolving Line of Credit. The unused line fee decreases to 0.375% per annum when more than 50% of the Secured Revolving Line of Credit is utilized. The Borrowers will pay (i) a
monthly fee on all letters of credit outstanding under the Secured Revolving Line of Credit equal to the applicable LIBOR margin and (ii) a fronting fee to the Agent equal to 0.125% of all such letters of credit, payable monthly in arrears.
   The obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority basis in the Borrowers’ account receivable,
inventory and certain deposit accounts and specified related assets.    The Loan Agreement contains covenants that place certain
restrictions on the Borrowers’ ability to, among other things, amend or modify certain terms of any debt of $50 million or more or subordinated debt, create or suffer to exist any liens upon accounts or inventory, sell or transfer any of
Borrowers’ accounts or inventory  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
other than certain ordinary-course transfers, make certain changes to either Borrower’s name or form or state of organization without notifying the Agent, or liquidate, dissolve, merge,
combine or consolidate. Further restrictions apply during a domestic cash trigger period (a Domestic Cash Trigger Period), which occurs (i) upon an event of default or (ii) when the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in
certain accounts is at any time less than $250 million, as amended in 2014, and ends when both (a) no event of default has existed for 45 days and (b) the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in such accounts has been
equal to or greater than $250 million, as amended during 2014, for 45 days. Such restrictions limit the Borrowers’ ability to, among other things, allow certain subsidiaries that manufacture or process inventory for the Borrowers to borrow
secured debt or unsecured debt beyond a certain amount, create any liens upon any of the Borrowers’ property (other than customary permitted liens and liens on up to $1.5 billion of secured credit facilities debt (which amount includes the
Secured Revolving Line of Credit)), declare or make any distributions, create any encumbrance on the ability of a subsidiary to make any upstream payments, make asset dispositions other than certain ordinary course dispositions, make certain loans,
make payments with respect to subordinated debt or certain borrowed money prior to its due date, become a party to certain agreements restricting the Borrowers’ ability to incur or repay debt, grant liens, make distributions, or modify loan
agreements or enter into any  non-arm’s-length  transaction with an affiliate.  
 During a Domestic Cash Trigger Period, the Borrowers are subject to financial covenants requirement and are required to maintain a fixed
charge coverage ratio of 1:1 for each trailing four-fiscal quarter period ending on and after March 29, 2014.    At
December 27, 2014, the Secured Revolving Line of Credit had an outstanding loan balance of $130 million, with an interest rate of 4.25%, as amended during 2014, $6 million related to outstanding Letters of Credit, and up to $364 million
available for future borrowings. As of December 27, 2014, the Company was in compliance with all required covenants stated in the Loan Agreement.    The agreements governing the 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes and the Secured Revolving Line of Credit contain cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement
would likely result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders or the lenders under the Secured Revolving Line of
Credit to declare all amounts outstanding under those borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable.    Capital Lease
Obligations    As of December 27, 2014, the Company had aggregate outstanding capital lease obligations of $12
million for one of its facilities in Canada, which is payable in monthly installments through 2017.    The gross amount of
assets recorded under capital leases totaled approximately $23 million as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, and is included in the related property, plant and equipment category. Amortization of assets recorded under capital
leases is included in depreciation expense. Accumulated amortization of these leased assets was approximately $18 million and $16 million as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, respectively.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Future Payments on Total Debt  
 As of December 27, 2014, the Company’s future debt and capital lease payment obligations were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Long Term 
 Debt 
 (Principal 
 only) 
   
    
 Short Term Debt (Principal only) 
   
    
   Capital 
 Leases 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
   172 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 600 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2020 and thereafter 
    
   
 1,425 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total 
    
   
 2,025 
    
    
   
 172 
    
    
   
 12 
    
 
   Less: imputed interest 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
   2,025 
    
    
 $ 
 172 
    
    
 $ 
 12 
    
     
 
 
 NOTE 11: 
 Other Income (Expense), Net    The following table summarizes the components of other income (expense), net:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Impairment charge on marketable securities 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
 
   Net loss on debt redemptions 
    
   
 (61 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (8 
 )  
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Other income (expense), net 
    
 $ 
 (69 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
    
 $ 
 6 
    
     
 
 
 NOTE 12: 
 Segment Reporting  
 Management, including the Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses
operating performance using segment net revenues and operating income (loss) before interest, other income (expense), net and income taxes. These performance measures include the allocation of expenses to the operating segments based on
management’s judgment. In connection with the Company’s continued strategic transformation, effective July 1, 2014, the Company realigned its organizational structure. As a result of this organizational change, the Company has the
following two reportable segments:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Computing and Graphics segment, which primarily includes desktop and notebook processors and chipsets, discrete graphics processing units (GPUs)
and professional graphics; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, which primarily includes server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom System-on-Chip
(SoC) products, engineering services and royalties.    Effective October 8, 2014, Dr. Lisa T.
Su became the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, succeeding Rory P. Read. This management change did not result in a change in the Company’s reportable segments or to the fact that the Chief Operating Decision Maker is the Chief Executive
Officer.    In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment.
This category primarily includes certain expenses and credits that are not allocated to any of the reportable segments because management does not consider these expenses and credits in evaluating the
 
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
performance of the reportable segments. Also included in this category are amortizations of acquired intangible assets, employee stock-based compensation expense, net restructuring and other
special charges, workforce rebalancing severance charges, goodwill impairment charges, significant or unusual lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, loss on debt repurchases, a charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF and
a net gain from licenses and settlement agreements regarding patent-related matters. The Company also reported the results of former businesses in the All Other category because the operating results were not material. In addition, during 2014, the
Company reclassified $273 million of lower of cost or market inventory adjustment previously recorded in Computing and Graphics segment in 2012 to All Other category to conform with the current year’s presentation.  
 The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating loss by segment and income (loss) before income taxes for 2014, 2013
and 2012. The prior period results have been recast to reflect the Company’s new reportable segments.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Net revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Computing and Graphics 
    
 $ 
   3,132 
    
    
 $ 
   3,720 
    
    
 $ 
 4,724 
    
 
   Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 
    
   
 2,374 
    
    
   
 1,577 
    
    
   
 698 
    
 
   All Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total net revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,506 
    
    
 $ 
 5,299 
    
    
 $ 
 5,422 
    
 
   Operating income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Computing and Graphics 
    
 $ 
 (76 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (101 
 )  
    
 $ 
 129 
    
 
   Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 
    
   
 399 
    
    
   
 295 
    
    
   
 18 
    
 
   All Other 
    
   
 (478 
 )  
    
   
 (91 
 )  
    
   
 (1,203 
 )  
 
   Total operating income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (155 
 )  
    
 $ 
 103 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,056 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (177 
 )  
    
   
 (177 
 )  
    
   
 (175 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense), net 
    
   
 (69 
 )  
    
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Loss before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 (398 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (74 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (1,217 
 )  
   The Company does not discretely allocate assets to its operating segments, nor does management evaluate
operating segments using discrete asset information.    The Company’s operations outside the United States include research
and development activities; assembly, test, mark and packaging activities; and sales, marketing and administrative activities. The Company conducts product and system research and development activities for its products in the United States, with
additional design and development engineering teams located in China, Canada, India, Singapore, Taiwan, and Israel. The Company’s assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities are located in Malaysia and China. The Company’s material sales
and marketing offices are located in the United States, Latin America, Europe and Asia.    The following table summarizes sales
to external customers by country, which is based on the billing location of the customer:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
   1,030 
    
    
 $ 
 801 
    
    
 $ 
 407 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 325 
    
    
   
 460 
    
    
   
 469 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 2,324 
    
    
   
 2,519 
    
    
   
 3,131 
    
 
   Singapore 
    
   
 371 
    
    
   
 610 
    
    
   
 856 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 1,324 
    
    
   
 710 
    
    
   
 305 
    
 
   Other countries 
    
   
 132 
    
    
   
 199 
    
    
   
 254 
    
 
   Total sales to external customers 
    
 $ 
 5,506 
    
    
 $ 
   5,299 
    
    
 $ 
   5,422 
    
 
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company had three customers that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s
consolidated net revenue in 2014 and 2013 and one customer that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s consolidated net revenue in 2012. Net sales to these customers were approximately 23%, 13% and 13% of consolidated net revenue in 2014,
17%, 11% and 10% of consolidated net revenue in 2013 and 22% of consolidated net revenue in 2012. The majority of the revenue from these customers was related to products from the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment in 2014 and 2013. In
2012, the majority of the revenue from the customer was related to products from the Computing and Graphics segment.    The
following table summarizes long-lived assets by geographic areas:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 27, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
   149 
    
    
 $ 
   153 
    
 
   Malaysia 
    
   
 57 
    
    
   
 66 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 45 
    
    
   
 46 
    
 
   Singapore 
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 18 
    
 
   Other countries 
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 63 
    
 
   Total long-lived assets 
    
 $ 
 302 
    
    
 $ 
 346 
    
     
 
 
 NOTE 13: 
 Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plans    The Company’s stock-based incentive programs are intended to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees. On April 29, 2004, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2004 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2004 Plan). As of December 27, 2014, the Company also has stock options outstanding under previous equity compensation plans that were in effect before April 29, 2004, as well as equity compensation plans that the
Company assumed as part of its SeaMicro acquisition. Shares reserved for future grants under the Company’s prior equity compensation plans were consolidated into the 2004 Plan; none of the reserved shares under the SeaMicro plan were
consolidated into the 2004 Plan. As of December 27, 2014, the Company had 12.3 million shares of common stock that were available for future grants and 79 million shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock
options or the vesting of unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units.    Under the 2004 Plan, stock options generally
vest and become exercisable over a three- to four-year period from the date of grant and expire within ten years after the grant date. Unvested shares that are reacquired by the Company from outstanding equity awards become available for grant and
may be reissued as new awards.    Under the 2004 Plan, the Company can grant fair market value awards or full value awards. Fair
market value awards are awards granted at or above the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. Full value awards are awards granted at less than the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date
of grant. Awards can consist of (i) stock options and stock appreciation rights granted at the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant and (ii) restricted stock or restricted stock units, as full value
awards. The following is a description of the material terms of the awards that may be granted under the 2004 Plan.    Stock
Options .    A stock option is the right to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock at a fixed exercise price for a fixed period of time. Under the 2004 Plan, nonstatutory and incentive stock options may be granted.
The exercise price of the shares subject to each nonstatutory stock option and incentive stock option cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price of each option
granted under the 2004 Plan must be paid in full at the time of the exercise.     Stock Appreciation
Rights .    Awards of stock appreciation rights may be granted pursuant to the 2004 Plan. Stock appreciation rights may be granted to employees and consultants. No stock appreciation right may be granted at less than fair
market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant or have a term of over   
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
 ten years from the date of grant. Upon exercising a stock appreciation right, the holder of such right is entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying
(i) the difference between the closing price of a share of the Company’s common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price by (ii) the number of shares with respect to which the stock appreciation right is exercised. The
Company’s obligation arising upon the exercise of a stock appreciation right may be paid in shares or in cash, or any combination thereof.     Restricted Stock.     Restricted stock can be granted to any employee, director or consultant. The purchase price for an award of restricted stock is $0.00 per share. Restricted
stock based on continued service may fully vest with no minimum time requirements. Restricted stock that is performance based generally may not fully vest for at least one year from the date of grant.   
 Restricted Stock Units.     Restricted stock units are awards that can be granted to any employee, director or
consultant and that obligate the Company to issue a specific number of shares of the Company’s common stock in the future if the vesting terms and conditions are satisfied. The purchase price for the shares is $0.00 per share. Restricted stock
units based on continued service may fully vest with no minimum time requirements.     Performance-based Restricted
Stock Units.     The Company also can grant performance-based restricted stock units (the pRSUs). The performance metrics can be financial performance, non-financial performance and/or market condition.   
 Financial Performance and Market-based Restricted Stock Units.  During 2014 and 2013, the Company granted 4,108,000 and 2,450,000
restricted stock units, respectively, with the Company’s financial performance, a market condition and a service condition (financial performance and market-based restricted stock units) to the Company’s senior executives. Such pRSU award
reflects a target number of shares (Target Shares) that may be issued to the award recipient before adjusting based on the Company’s financial performance and market conditions. The actual number of shares the recipient receives is determined
at the end of the specified performance period based on the actual financial results achieved by the Company versus certain pre-established Company financial performance goals. Those goals are AMD’s adjusted non-GAAP operating income plus
interest expense over the performance period and total shareholder return (TSR) relative to the S&P 500 IT Sector over the same performance period. Depending on the results achieved during this time, the actual number of shares that a grant
recipient receives at the end of the period may range from 0% to 200% of the Target Shares granted, based on the calculations described below. Restricted stock units that are performance based generally do not vest for at least one year from the
date of grant.    The adjusted non-GAAP operating income plus interest expense goal was established at the inception of the
award. At the end of the performance period, the number of actual shares to be awarded varies between 0%, if performance is below the minimum level, and 160%, if performance is at or above the maximum level. For performance between the minimum level
and the maximum level, a proportionate percentage is applied based on relative performance between the minimum and the maximum levels.    The number of shares to be awarded at the end of the performance period is adjusted by a TSR modifier. The TSR modifier varies between 75% for stock performance at or below the minimum level and 125% at
or above the maximum level. For performance between the minimum level and the maximum level, a proportionate TSR modifier between 75% and 125% is applied based on relative performance between the minimum and the maximum levels.  
 For these pRSUs granted in 2014, the earned shares vest 50% on December 31, 2015, at the end of the performance period, and the
remaining 50% on December 31, 2016. For these pRSUs granted in 2013, the earned shares vest 50% on June 30, 2015, six months after the performance period, and the remaining 50% on June 30, 2016. Target Shares subject to these pRSU
awards do not have dividend equivalent rights and do not have the voting rights of common stock until earned and issued, following the end of the applicable requisite service  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
period. The expense for these awards, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded over the requisite service period based on the number of Target Shares that are expected to be earned and the
achievement of the adjusted non-GAAP operating income plus interest expense goal during the performance period. The Company estimates the fair value of these pRSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model, as the TSR modifier contains a market
condition. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of these pRSUs for the years ended December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 was $3.80 and $4.07, respectively. The following weighted-average assumptions, in addition to
projections of market conditions, were used to measure the weighted-average fair value:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 46.88 
 %  
   
   
 57.46 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.22 
 %  
   
   
 0.20 
 %  
 
   Expected dividends 
    
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 —   
 %  
 
   Expected life 
    
   
 1.32 years 
    
   
   
 1.44 years 
    
   Market-based Restricted Stock Units.  During 2012, the Company granted restricted stock units with
both a market condition and a service condition (market-based restricted stock units) to the Company’s senior executives. The market-based condition for these awards requires that AMD common stock maintains a weighted-average closing price
during the three-year vesting period of equal to or greater than $10.00 per share over any 30-day period. Provided the market-based condition is satisfied and the respective officer remains an employee of the Company, the grants will vest in three
equal annual installments on the applicable vesting date.    The Company estimated the fair value of the market-based restricted
stock units using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant. As of December 27, 2014, there were 1,313,000 market-based restricted stock units outstanding with a grant date fair value of $5.2 million.  
 Valuation and Expense Information    Stock-based compensation expense related to employee stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units was allocated in the consolidated statements of operations as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 44 
    
    
   
 48 
    
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Marketing, general, and administrative 
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 38 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax of $0 
    
 $ 
   81 
    
    
 $ 
   91 
    
    
 $ 
   97 
    
   During 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not realize any excess tax benefits related to stock-based
compensation and therefore the Company did not record any effects relating to financing cash flows. The Company did not capitalize stock-based compensation cost as part of the cost of an asset because the cost was immaterial.  
 The Company uses the lattice-binomial model in determining the fair value of the employee stock options.  
 The weighted-average estimated fair value of employee stock options granted for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28,
2013 and December 29, 2012 was $1.46, $1.52 and $2.12 per share respectively, using the following weighted-average assumptions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 53.36 
 %  
   
   
 59.03 
 %  
   
   
 56.24 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.15 
 %  
   
   
 0.79 
 %  
   
   
 0.52 
 %  
 
   Expected dividends 
    
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 —   
 %  
 
   Expected life (in years) 
    
   
 3.86 
    
   
   
 3.83 
    
   
   
 3.79 
    
 
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company used a combination of the historical volatility of its common stock and the
implied volatility for publicly traded options on the Company’s common stock as the expected volatility assumption required by the lattice-binomial model. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates commensurate
with the term of the Company’s employee stock options. The expected dividend yield is zero as the Company does not expect to pay dividends in the future. The expected term of employee stock options represents the weighted-average period the
stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is a derived output of the lattice-binomial model.    The following table
summarizes stock option activity, including market-based stock options, and related information:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
     
   
   Number 
 of Shares 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
   
   
   Number 
 of Shares 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
   
   
   Number 
 of Shares 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
   
 
   
   
 (In millions, except share price) 
   


 
   Stock options: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
   
   
 35 
    
   
 $ 
 5.08 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
 $ 
 5.51 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
 $ 
 7.36 
    
 
   Granted 
   
   
 8 
    
   
 $ 
 3.73 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 3.63 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 3.41 
    
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7.64 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7.73 
    
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11.26 
    
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1.47 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1.56 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2.71 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
   
   
 36 
    
   
 $ 
 4.78 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
 $ 
 5.08 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
 $ 
 5.51 
    
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
   
   
 23 
    
   
 $ 
 5.28 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
 $ 
 5.62 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
 $ 
 6.14 
    
   Included in the table above are approximately 1,652,000 vested and 4,792,000 unvested stock options
issued upon the acquisition of SeaMicro in 2012. The estimated fair value of the unvested stock options was $6.60 per share.  
 As of December 27, 2014, the weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding stock options was 3.44 years and their
aggregate intrinsic value was $4 million. As of December 27, 2014, the weighted-average remaining contractual life of exercisable stock options was 2.45 years and their aggregate intrinsic value was $4 million. The total intrinsic value of
stock options exercised for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $7 million, $5 million and $18 million, respectively.    Restricted Stock
and Restricted Stock Units.     Restricted stock and restricted stock units vest in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, and are based either on
continued service or continued service and performance. The cost of restricted stock and restricted stock units is determined using the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the date of the grant, and the compensation expense is
recognized over the service period.     The summary of the changes in restricted stock and restricted stock units
outstanding, including the pRSUs, during 2014, 2013 and 2012 is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
     
   
   Number 
 of Shares 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
 Fair Value 
   
   
   Number 
 of Shares 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
 Fair Value 
   
   
   Number 
 of Shares 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
   
 (In millions except share price) 
   


 
   Unvested balance at beginning of period 
   
   
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 4.52 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
 $ 
 6.41 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
 $ 
 7.07 
    
 
   Granted 
   
   
 23 
    
   
 $ 
 3.89 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
 $ 
 3.81 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 5.43 
    
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4.48 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5.76 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6.84 
    
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4.90 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6.93 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6.05 
    
 
   Unvested balance at end of period 
   
   
 43 
    
   
 $ 
 4.05 
    
   
   
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 4.52 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
 $ 
 6.41 
    
 
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Included in the table above are approximately 322,000 shares of restricted stock granted
upon the acquisition of SeaMicro in 2012. The weighted-average estimated fair value of the restricted stock was $4.03.    The
total fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units vested during 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $60 million, $36 million and $60 million, respectively. Compensation expense recognized for the restricted stock and restricted stock units for
2014, 2013 and 2012 was approximately $65 million, $68 million and $77 million, respectively.    As of December 27, 2014,
the Company had $16 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock options that will be recognized over the weighted-average period of 2.08 years.  
 As of December 27, 2014, the Company had $98 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures,
related to restricted stock and restricted stock units that will be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.75 years.  
 The summary of the changes in the pRSUs during 2014, 2013 and 2012 is presented below.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Shares in millions) 
   


 
   Unvested shares at beginning of period 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Unvested shares at end of period 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 2 
    
     
 
 
 NOTE 14: 
 Other Employee Benefit Plans    The Company has a retirement savings plan, commonly known as a 401(k) plan, that allows participating employees in the United States to contribute up to 100% of their pre-tax salary subject to Internal
Revenue Service limits. The Company matched 75% of employees’ contributions up to 6% of their compensation, to a maximum match of $11,700, $11,475 and $11,250 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which is 4.5% (75% of the 6%) of the Internal
Revenue Service compensation limit. The Company’s contributions to the 401(k) plan for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $18 million, $19 million and $22 million, respectively.    NOTE 15: Commitments and Guarantees    Operating Leases
   As of December 27, 2014, the Company’s future non-cancelable operating lease commitments, including those for
facilities vacated in connection with restructuring activities, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year 
    
   Operating 
 leases 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 50 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 46 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 43 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 41 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 27 
    
 
   2019 and thereafter 
    
   
 133 
    
 
   Total non-cancelable operating lease commitments 
    
 $ 
   340 
    
   The Company leases certain of its facilities and in some jurisdictions the Company leases the land on
which these facilities are built, under non-cancelable lease agreements that expire at various dates through 2025. The Company also leases certain manufacturing and office equipment for terms ranging from one to five years. Rent expense for 2014,
2013 and 2012 was $59 million, $64 million and $49 million, respectively.  
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In December 1998, the Company arranged for the sale of its marketing, general and
administrative facility in Sunnyvale, California and leased it back for a period of 20 years. The Company recorded a deferred gain of $37 million on the sale and is amortizing it over the life of the lease. The lease expires in December 2018. At the
beginning of the fourth lease year and every three years thereafter, the rent is adjusted by 200% of the cumulative increase in the consumer price index over the prior three-year period, up to a maximum of 6.9%.  
 In September 2013, the Company sold a light industrial building in Singapore and leased back a portion of the original space. The Company
recorded a deferred gain of $14 million on the sale and is amortizing over the initial lease term. The initial lease term expires in September 2023 and provides for options to extend the lease for 4 years, at the end of the initial lease term, and
for an additional 3.5 years thereafter.    Certain other operating leases contain provisions for escalating lease payments
subject to changes in the consumer price index. Total future lease obligations as of December 27, 2014 were $340 million.  
 Purchase and Other Contractual Obligations    The Company’s purchase obligations primarily include the Company’s obligations to purchase wafers and substrates from third parties. As of December 27, 2014, total non-cancelable purchase
obligations, excluding the Company’s wafer purchase commitments to GF under the WSA, were $688 million.    The Company also
had other contractual obligations, included in “Other long-term liabilities” on its consolidated balance sheet, which consists of $67 million of payments due under certain software and technology licenses that will be paid through 2018.
   Future unconditional purchase obligations as of December 27, 2014 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year 
    
 Unconditional purchase obligations 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
   542 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 85 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 102 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 26 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2020 and thereafter 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total unconditional purchase commitments 
    
 $ 
 755 
    
   Obligations to GF    Obligations to GF represent all of the Company’s expected cash payments to GF based on wafer receipts and research and development activities. As of December 27, 2014, cash payments owed to GF
were $80 million.    Warranties and Indemnities    The Company generally warrants that its products sold to its customers will conform to the Company’s approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and
service for one year. Subject to certain exceptions, the Company also offers a three-year limited warranty to end users for only those CPU and AMD A-Series APU products purchased as individually packaged products that are commonly referred to as
“processors in a box” and for PC workstation products. The Company has also offered extended limited warranties to certain customers of “tray” microprocessor products for each of its business units and/or workstation graphics
products who have written agreements with the Company and target their computer systems at the commercial and/or embedded markets.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Changes in the Company’s estimated liability for product warranty during the years
ended December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   December 27, 
 2014 
   
   
   December 28, 
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 16 
    
 
   New warranties issued during the period 
    
   
 32 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Settlements during the period 
    
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties during the period, including
expirations 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 19 
    
   
 $ 
 17 
    
   In addition to product warranties, the Company, from time to time in its normal course of business,
indemnifies other parties, with whom it enters into contractual relationships, including customers, lessors and parties to other transactions with the Company, with respect to certain matters. In these limited matters, the Company has agreed to hold
certain third parties harmless against specific types of claims or losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, third-party claims that the Company’s products when used for their intended purpose(s) and under
specific conditions infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party, or other specified claims made against the indemnified party. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under these indemnification
obligations due to the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim and indemnification provision. Historically, payments made by the Company under these obligations have not been material.  
   
 
 
 NOTE 16: 
 Contingencies  
 Securities Class Action    On March 20, 2014, a purported shareholder derivative lawsuit captioned Wessels v. Read, et al., Case No. 1:14-cv-262486 was filed against the Company (as a nominal defendant only) and certain
of its directors and officers in the Santa Clara County Superior Court of the State of California. The complaint purports to assert claims against the Company and certain individual directors and officers for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of
corporate assets and unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks damages allegedly caused by alleged materially misleading statements and/or material omissions by the Company and the individual directors and officers regarding the Company’s
32nm technology and “Llano” product, which statements and omissions, the plaintiffs claim, allegedly operated to inflate artificially the price paid for the Company’s common stock during the period. Based upon information
presently known to the Company’s management, the Company believes that the potential liability, if any, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.  
 On January 15, 2014, a class action lawsuit captioned Hatamian v. AMD, et al., C.A. No. 3:14-cv-00226 was filed against the
Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint purports to assert claims against the Company and certain individual officers for alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. The plaintiff seeks to represent a proposed class of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company’s common stock during the period
April 4, 2011 through October 18, 2012. The complaint seeks damages allegedly caused by alleged materially misleading statements and/or material omissions by the Company and the individual officers regarding our 32nm technology and
“Llano” product, which statements and omissions, the plaintiffs claim, allegedly operated to inflate artificially the price paid for the Company’s common stock during the period. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory
damages, attorneys’ fees and costs. Based upon information presently known to the Company’s management, the Company believes that the potential liability, if any, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition, cash flows or results of operations.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Environmental Matters  
 The Company is named as a responsible party on Superfund clean-up orders for three sites in Sunnyvale, California that are on the National
Priorities List. Since 1981, the Company has discovered hazardous material releases to the groundwater from former underground tanks and proceeded to investigate and conduct remediation at these three sites. The chemicals released into the
groundwater were commonly used in the semiconductor industry in the United States in the wafer fabrication process prior to 1979.    In 1991, the Company received Final Site Clean-up Requirements Orders from the California Regional Water Quality Control Board relating to the three sites. The Company has entered into settlement
agreements with other responsible parties on two of the orders. During the term of such agreements, other parties have agreed to assume most of the foreseeable costs as well as the primary role in conducting remediation activities under the orders.
The Company remains responsible for additional costs beyond the scope of the agreements as well as all remaining costs in the event that the other parties do not fulfill their obligations under the settlement agreements.  
 To address anticipated future remediation costs under the orders, the Company has computed and recorded an estimated environmental
liability of approximately $5 million and has not recorded any potential insurance recoveries in determining the estimated costs of the cleanup. The progress of future remediation efforts cannot be predicted with certainty and these costs may
change. The Company believes that any amount in addition to what has already been accrued would not be material.    Other
Legal Matters    The Company is a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that arose in the normal course of business. With
respect to these matters, based on the management’s current knowledge, the Company believes that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss, if any, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.      
 
 
 NOTE 17: 
 Restructuring    2014
Restructuring Plan    In October 2014, the Company implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve operating
efficiencies. The plan involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%, largely completed by the end of 2014, and an alignment of its real estate footprint with its reduced headcount, largely expected to be completed by the end of first
half of 2015. The Company recorded a $57 million restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 2014, which consisted of $44 million for severance and costs related to the continuation of certain employee benefits, $6 million for contract or program
termination costs, $1 million for facilities related costs and $6 million for asset impairments, a non-cash charge. In accordance with the restructuring plan, the Company expects to record a restructuring charge of approximately $13 million in 2015,
primarily related to real estate actions.    2012 Restructuring Plan  
 In the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve the Company’s cost structure and to
strengthen its competitiveness in core growth areas. The plan primarily involved a workforce reduction of approximately 14% as well as asset impairments and facility consolidations. The Company recorded restructuring expense in the fourth quarter of
2012 of approximately $90 million which was primarily comprised of employee severance. The non-cash portion of the restructuring expense included approximately $4 million of asset impairments. In 2014 and 2013, the Company incurred costs of $3
million and $11 million, respectively, related to facility consolidation and site closures, which were partially offset by the release of employee severance costs of $2 million and $5 million, respectively. The 2012 restructuring plan was largely
completed as of the end of the third quarter of 2013.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2011 Restructuring Plan  
 In 2012, the Company recorded an approximately $8 million for severance and costs related to certain employee benefits. The plan was
completed as of the end of the first quarter of 2012.    The following table provides a summary of the restructuring activities
during 2014 and 2013 and the related liabilities recorded in “Accrued and other current liabilities” and “Other long-term liabilities” on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets remaining as of December 27, 2014:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Severance 
 and related   benefits 
   
    
   Other exit 
 related 
 costs 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Balance at December 29, 2012 
    
 $ 
 41 
    
    
 $ 
 17 
    
    
 $ 
 58 
    
 
   Charges (reversals), net 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (33 
 )  
    
   
 (21 
 )  
    
   
 (54 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 28, 2013 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Charges (reversals), net 
    
   
 42 
    
    
   
 16 
    
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   Non-cash charges 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (6 
 )  
    
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 27, 2014 
    
 $ 
 26 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 39 
    
   The following table provides a summary of each major type of cost associated with the 2014, 2012 and 2011
restructuring plans through December 27, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In millions) 
   


 
   Severance and benefits charges (reversals), net 
    
 $ 
   42 
    
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
    
 $ 
 95 
    
 
   Contract or program termination charges 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Asset impairments 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Facility consolidation and closure charges 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 58 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
   100 
    
   Executive Officer Separation  
 In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company recorded other special charges of $13 million. The amount primarily includes $10 million due to
the departure of the Company’s former CEO, of which $5 million was related to cash and $5 million was related to stock-based compensation expense. The amount is recorded under “Restructuring and other special charges, net” on the
consolidated statements of operations.  
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of  
 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. as of December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2014. Our audits also included
the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (1). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
schedule based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. at December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein.    We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2014, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 19, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    Redwood City, California    February 19, 2015  
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of  
 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
 We have audited Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2014, based on
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our opinion, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2014 based on the COSO criteria.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 27, 2014 of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., and our report dated February 19, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    Redwood City, California    February 19, 2015  
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Supplementary Financial Information (unaudited)  
 The Company uses a 52 or 53 week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. All quarters of 2014 and 2013 consisted of 13
weeks.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
   
 
     
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
     
   
 Dec. 27 
   
   
 Sep. 27 
   
   
 Jun. 28 
   
   
 Mar. 29 
   
   
 Dec. 28 
   
   
 Sep. 28 
   
   
 Jun. 29 
   
   
 Mar. 30 
   


 
   Net revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,239 
    
   
 $ 
 1,429 
    
   
 $ 
 1,441 
    
   
 $ 
 1,397 
    
   
 $ 
 1,589 
    
   
 $ 
 1,461 
    
   
 $ 
 1,161 
    
   
 $ 
 1,088 
    
 
   Cost of sales  (1) 
   
   
 879 
    
   
   
 935 
    
   
   
 943 
    
   
   
 910 
    
   
   
 1,036 
    
   
   
 940 
    
   
   
 702 
    
   
   
 643 
    
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 360 
    
   
   
 494 
    
   
   
 498 
    
   
   
 487 
    
   
   
 553 
    
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 459 
    
   
   
 445 
    
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 238 
    
   
   
 278 
    
   
   
 277 
    
   
   
 279 
    
   
   
 293 
    
   
   
 288 
    
   
   
 308 
    
   
   
 312 
    
 
   Marketing, general and administrative 
   
   
 144 
    
   
   
 150 
    
   
   
 154 
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
   
 169 
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
   
 171 
    
   
   
 179 
    
 
   Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Restructuring and other special charges (gains), net  (2) 
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 47 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment charge  (3) 
   
   
 233 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Legal settlements  (4) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Operating income (loss) 
   
   
 (330 
 )  
   
   
 63 
    
   
   
 63 
    
   
   
 49 
    
   
   
 135 
    
   
   
 95 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (98 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 (44 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense), net 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (49 
 )  
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
   
 (367 
 )  
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 (32 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 90 
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 (71 
 )  
   
   
 (144 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 (364 
 )  
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 89 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
   
 (74 
 )  
   
   
 (146 
 )  
 
   Net income (loss) per share 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 (0.47 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.02 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.05 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.03 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
   
 $ 
 0.06 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.10 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.19 
 )  
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 (0.47 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.02 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.05 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.03 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
   
 $ 
 0.06 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.10 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.19 
 )  
 
   Shares used in per share calculation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 776 
    
   
   
 770 
    
   
   
 764 
    
   
   
 761 
    
   
   
 759 
    
   
   
 757 
    
   
   
 752 
    
   
   
 749 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 776 
    
   
   
 785 
    
   
   
 764 
    
   
   
 761 
    
   
   
 766 
    
   
   
 764 
    
   
   
 752 
    
   
   
 749 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
   During the fourth
quarter of 2014, the Company recorded a lower of cost or market charge of $58 million related to our second-generation APU products.  
 
 
 (2) 
   During the fourth
quarter of 2014, the Company implemented restructuring plans and incurred net restructuring and other special charges of $71 million, which primarily included severance and related employee benefits. During the third quarter of 2013, the Company
recorded a $17 million gain on sale of a light industrial building in Singapore, and $5 million gain on sale of an office building in Austin, Texas. In the second quarter of 2013, the Company incurred costs of $11 million related to facility
consolidation and site closures, partially offset by the release of employee severance costs of $5 million. During the first quarter of 2013, the Company recorded a $52 million charge on sale of land and office buildings in Austin, Texas and a $6
million gain on sale of an office building in Markham, Ontario, Canada.  
 
 
 (3) 
   During the fourth
quarter of 2014, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $233 million relating to its Computing and Graphics segment.  
 
 
 (4) 
   During the fourth
quarter of 2013, the Company entered into licenses and settlements regarding patent-related matters, for which we received in aggregate $48 million in net cash, which the Company recorded in operating expense.  
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    Disclosure
Controls and Procedures    We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed with the objective of providing
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
 As of December 27, 2014, the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e). This type of evaluation is performed on a quarterly basis so that conclusions of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concerning the effectiveness of the disclosure controls can be reported in our
periodic reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. The overall goals of these evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls and to modify them as necessary. We intend to maintain the disclosure controls as dynamic systems that we adjust as
circumstances merit. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this
report.    Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that:    (1) Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;    (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and    (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.    Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting
objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human
 
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process
safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company.  
 Management has used the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled “Internal Control—Integrated Framework” published
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 27, 2014 at the reasonable assurance level. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 27, 2014, which is included in Part II, Item 8, above.    Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting    There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recently
completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.      
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION    None.
 
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III  
   
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    The information under the captions “Item 1—Election of Directors” (including “Consideration of Stockholder Nominees for Director”), “Corporate Governance,”
“Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors,” “Executive Officers” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our proxy statement for our 2015 annual meeting of stockholders (our 2015 Proxy
Statement) is incorporated herein by reference. There were no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. See also, “Part 1, Item 1-Web Site Access to Company Reports and
Corporate Governance Documents,” above.      
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
 The information under the captions “Directors’ Compensation and Benefits” (including “2014 Non-Employee Director
Compensation”), “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Policies and Practices,” “Executive Compensation” (including “2014 Summary Compensation Table,” “2014 Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation,” “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2014 Fiscal Year-End,” “Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2014” and “Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2014”) and “Severance and Change in Control
Arrangements” in our 2015 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 The information under the captions “Principal Stockholders,” “Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers”
and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our 2015 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    The information under the captions “Corporate Governance—Independence of Directors” and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” in our 2015 Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES    The information under the captions “Item 2—Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm—Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Fees” in
our 2015 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.    With the exception of the information specifically incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K from our 2015 Proxy Statement, our 2015 Proxy Statement will not be deemed to be filed as part of this report. Without limiting the foregoing, the information under the captions
“Compensation Committee Report” and “Audit Committee Report” in our 2015 Proxy Statement is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES      
 
 
 1. 
 Financial Statements    The
financial statements of AMD are set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Other than Schedule II, all
other schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
or related notes.      
 
 
 2. 
 Exhibits    The exhibits
listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 February 19, 2015 
   
 A DVANCED  M ICRO  D EVICES , I NC . 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 By: 
   
   / S /    D EVINDER 
K UMAR         
 
   
   
   
   
 Devinder Kumar 
 
   
   
   
   
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
    
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    L ISA  T.
S U           Lisa T. Su 
    
   President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    D EVINDER 
K UMAR           Devinder Kumar 
    
   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   W. Michael Barnes 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   John E. Caldwell 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Henry WK Chow 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Bruce L. Claflin 
    
 Chairman of the Board 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Nora Denzel 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Nicholas M. Donofrio 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Martin L. Edelman 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Michael Inglis 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   John R. Harding 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Joseph Householder 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   *   Ahmed Yahia 
    
 Director 
    
 February 19, 2015 
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
 *By: 
   
   /s/    D EVINDER 
K UMAR 
 
   
   
 Devinder Kumar, Attorney-in-Fact 
 
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
   
   Description of Exhibits 


 
 
 
 
       3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., dated May 8, 2007, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended March 31, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       3.2 
   
 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended on July 30, 2009, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 30, 2009, are hereby
incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.1 
   
 AMD hereby agrees to file on request of the SEC a copy of all instruments not otherwise filed with respect to AMD’s long-term debt or any of its subsidiaries for which the
total amount of securities authorized under such instruments does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of AMD and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 
 
 
       4.2 
   
 Indenture governing 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015, including the Form of 6.00% Senior Note due 2015, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., dated
April 27, 2007, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.3 
   
 Indenture governing 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020, including the Form of 7.75% Note, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., dated August 4, 2010, filed as
Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 4, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.4 
   
 Indenture governing 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022, including the Form of 7.50% Note, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., dated as of August 15, 2012,
filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.5 
   
 Indenture governing the 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019, including the form of the 6.75% Note, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee,
dated February 26, 2014, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2014 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.6 
   
 Indenture governing 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024, including the Form of 7.00% Senior Note due 2024, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., dated June 16,
2014, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 16, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.7 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture by and among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank N.A., dated June 20,2014, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K
dated June 23, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
       4.8 
   
 Amendment to Indenture governing 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., dated June 16, 2014, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.1 
   
 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.58 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2003, is hereby incorporated by
reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.2 
   
 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.32 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2003, is hereby incorporated by
reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.3 
   
 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2003, is hereby incorporated by
reference 
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   Description of Exhibits 


 
 
 
 
   *10.4 
   
 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on May 15, 2014, is hereby
incorporated by reference 
 
 
 
 
   *10.5 
   
 2011 Executive Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2011, is hereby incorporated by
reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.6 
   
 1995 Stock Plan of NexGen, Inc., as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.37 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 1996, is hereby incorporated by
reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.7 
   
 ATI Technologies Inc. Share Option Plan, as amended effective January 25, 2005, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to AMD’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on
October 30, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.8 
   
 SeaMicro, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 on AMD’s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2012, is
hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.9 
   
 AMD’s U.S. Stock Option Program for Options Granted after April 25, 2000, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.10 
   
 AMD’s Stock Option Program for Employees Outside the U.S. for Options Granted after April 25, 2000, filed as Exhibit 10.24 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.11 
   
 AMD’s U.S. Stock Option Program for Options Granted after April 24, 2001, filed as Exhibit 10.23(a) to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
30, 2001, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.12 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2009, is
hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.13 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Non-U.S.) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2009,
is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.14 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (U.S. Senior Vice Presidents and Above) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended June 26, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.15 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Non-U.S. Senior Vice Presidents and Above) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended June 26, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.16 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S.) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
October 1, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.17 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-U.S.) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 27, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.18 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S. Senior Vice Presidents and Above) under the 2004 Equity Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 26, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   Description of Exhibits 


 
 
 
 
   *10.19 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-U.S. Senior Vice Presidents and Above) under the 2004 Equity Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended June 26, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.20 
   
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (U.S.) under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 29, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.21 
   
 Outside Director Equity Compensation Policy, amended and restated as of May 8, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
June 28, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.22 
   
 AMD Executive Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description for Senior Vice Presidents, effective June 1, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
June 7, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.23 
   
 Guidelines for Business Aircraft Usage And Commercial Travel By Personal Guests, revised as of May 16, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended June 29, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.24 
   
 AMD Deferred Income Account Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.18 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.25 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to the AMD Deferred Income Account Plan, as amended and restated, effective July 1, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.16(a) to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
period ended December 29, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.26 
   
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and its officers and directors, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6,
2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.27 
   
 Form of Management Continuity Agreement, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.13(b) to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2007, is
hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.28 
   
 Form of Change in Control Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009, is hereby incorporated by
reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.29 
   
 Amended and Restated Management Continuity Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Devinder Kumar, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended September 29, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.30 
   
 Executive Resignation Agreement and General Release, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., its subsidiaries, joint ventures or other affiliates and Emilio Ghilardi, filed as Exhibit
10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated April 30, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.31 
   
 Employment Agreement, between Rory P. Read and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., effective August 25, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August
25, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.32 
   
 Relocation Expenses Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Rory P. Read, dated September 8, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended October 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.33 
   
 Sign-On Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Rory P. Read, dated August 25, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   Description of Exhibits 


 
 
 
 
   *10.34 
   
 Sign-On Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Rory P. Read, dated August 25, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to AMD’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.35 
   
 Special Sign-On Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Rory P. Read, dated August 25, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to AMD’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.36 
   
 Sign-On Stock Option Grant Notice, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Rory P. Read, dated August 25, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended October 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.37 
   
 Sign-On Performance Stock Option Grant Notice, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Rory P. Read, dated August 25, 2011 filed, as Exhibit 10.6 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.38 
   
 Sign-On Bonus Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Mark D. Papermaster, dated October 7, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.62 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
period ended December 31, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.39 
   
 Offer Letter, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Mark D. Papermaster, dated October 7, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.63 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 31, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.40 
   
 Sign-On Bonus Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Dr. Lisa Su, dated December 14, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.64 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
period ended December 31, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.41 
   
 Offer Letter, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Dr. Lisa Su, dated December 14, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.65 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.42 
   
 Summary of Terms for John Byrne, Senior Vice President, Chief Sales Officer, dated August 6, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 29, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.43 
   
 Special Retention Bonus Award to John Byrne, dated October 25, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2012, is
hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.44 
   
 Stock Purchase Agreement, between West Coast Hitech L.P. and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., dated as of November 15, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated November 15, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.45 
   
 Master Transaction Agreement, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Advanced Technology Investment Company LLC and West Coast Hitech L.P., dated October 6, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.1
to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 16, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.46 
   
 Amendment to Master Transaction Agreement, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Advanced Technology Investment Company LLC and West Coast Hitech L.P., dated December 5, 2008, filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 5, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
 **10.47 
   
 Wafer Supply Agreement, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., The Foundry Company and AMD Fab Technologies US, Inc., dated March 2, 2009, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to AMD’s Current
Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   Description of Exhibits 


 
 
 
 
 **10.48 
   
 Wafer Supply Agreement Amendment No. 1, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc., GLOBALFOUNDRIES U.S. Inc. and GLOBALFOUNDRIES Singapore. Pte. Ltd., dated
March 29, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended April 2, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
 **10.49 
   
 Wafer Supply Agreement Amendment No. 2, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc., GLOBALFOUNDRIES U.S. Inc., Advanced Technology Investment Company LLC and ATIC
International Investment Company LLC, dated March 4, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
 **10.50 
   
 Wafer Supply Agreement Amendment No. 3, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. and GLOBALFOUNDRIES U.S. Inc., dated December 6, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.34(c) to
AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2012, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.51 
   
 Settlement Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Intel Corporation, dated November 17, 2009, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
November 17, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
 **10.52 
   
 Patent Cross License Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Intel Corporation filed, dated November 11, 2009, as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K
dated November 17, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.53 
   
 Loan and Security Agreement, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd., the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders
and Bank of America, N.A., dated November 12, 2013, filed as Exhibit 1.01 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.54 
   
 Lease Agreement, between AMD and Delaware Chip LLC, dated December 22, 1998, filed as Exhibit 10.27 to AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 27, 1998, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.55 
   
 Agreement of Purchase and Sale, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and 7171 Southwest Parkway Holdings, LP, effective March 11, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 30, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.56 
   
 Sublease Agreement, between Lantana HP, LTD and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., dated March 26, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended March 30, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.57 
   
 Master Landlord’s Consent to Sublease, between 7171 Southwest Parkway Holdings, L.P., Lantana HP, Ltd. and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., dated March 26, 2013, filed as Exhibit
10.3 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 30, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.58 
   
 Lease Agreement, between 7171 Southwest Parkway Holdings, L.P. and Lantana HP, Ltd., dated March 26, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended March 30, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
 **10.59 
   
 Wafer Supply Agreement Amendment No. 4, among Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. and GLOBALFOUNDRIES U.S. Inc., dated March 30, 2014, field as Exhibit 10.1 to
AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended March 29, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.60 
   
   Transition, Separation Agreement and Release by and between Rory P. Read and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. effective October 8, 2014,
filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on  Form 8-K/A  dated October 14, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   Description of Exhibits 


 
 
 
 
   *10.61 
   
 Employment Agreement by and between Lisa T. Su and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. effective October 8, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A
dated October 14, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.62 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Senior Vice Presidents and Above under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.63 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Senior Vice Presidents and Above under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.64 
   
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Senior Vice Presidents and Above under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
     10.65 
   
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2014, by and among the Company, AMD International Sales & Service, Ltd., the financial institutions
party thereto as lenders and Bank of America, N.A., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.66 
   
 Offer Letter, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Forrest E. Norrod, dated October 20, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.67 
   
 Sign-On Bonus Agreement, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Forrest E. Norrod, dated October 20, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
   *10.68 
   
   Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Executive Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description for Senior Vice Presidents effective December 31,
2014. 
 
 
 
 
     21 
   
 List of AMD subsidiaries. 
 
 
 
 
     23 
   
 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
     24 
   
 Power of Attorney. 
 
 
 
 
     31.1 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
     31.2 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
     32.1 
   
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
     32.2 
   
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 * 
 Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements.  
 
 
 ** 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment, which has been granted. These portions have been filed separately with the
SEC.    AMD will furnish a copy of any exhibit on request and payment of AMD’s reasonable expenses of
furnishing such exhibit.  
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SCHEDULE II    ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.    VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
   Years Ended    December 29, 2012, December 28, 2013 and December 27, 2014  
 (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Balance Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Additions Charged (Reductions Credited) To Operations 
   
   
 Deductions (1) 

   
    
 Balance End of Period 
   


 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Years ended: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   December 29, 2012 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   December 28, 2013 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   December 27, 2014 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Accounts written
off  
      120
 

 
 
 
