
 10-K
 1
 d680668d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
  UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
 FORM  10-K   
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018  
 Commission File Number  001-33653   
     


 
    (Exact Name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Ohio 
   
 31-0854434 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
   38 Fountain Square Plaza  
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45263  
 (Address of principal executive offices)  
 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (800) 972-3030   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class: 
    
   Name of each exchange on which registered: 


 
 Common Stock, Without Par Value 
    
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 
 Depositary Shares Representing a 1/1000 th  Ownership Interest in a Share of 6.625%  Fixed-to-Floating 
Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series I 
    
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
   Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes: ☒ No: ☐    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: ☐ No: ☒    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes: ☒ No: ☐    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes: ☒ No: ☐    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K  (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K  or any amendment to this Form  10-K.  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated  filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.    Large accelerated
filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐  Non-accelerated  filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ Emerging growth company ☐  
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark whether the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the
Act). Yes: ☐ No: ☒    There were 647,259,351 shares of the Bancorp’s Common Stock, without par value, outstanding as
of January 31, 2019. The Aggregate Market Value of the Voting Stock held by  non-affiliates  of the Bancorp was $19,429,251,571 as of June 30, 2018.  
      17  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 This report incorporates into a single document the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with respect to annual
reports on Form  10-K  and annual reports to shareholders. Sections of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.
   Only those sections of this 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders that are specified in this Cross Reference Index
constitute part of the registrant’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2018. No other information contained in this 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders shall be deemed to constitute any part of
this Form  10-K  nor shall any such information be incorporated into the Form  10-K  and shall not be deemed “filed” as part of the registrant’s Form  10-K.     10-K  Cross Reference Index  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
 Item 1. 
   
 Business 
    
   
 19-25 
   
 
 
   
 Employees 
    
   
 57 
   
 
 
   
 Segment Information 
    
   
 60-68,193-196 
   
 
 
   
 Average Balance Sheets 
    
   
 53 
   
 
 
   
 Analysis of Net Interest Income and Net Interest Income Changes 
    
   
 52-54 
   
 
 
   
 Investment Securities Portfolio 
    
   
 73-74,  126-127 
   
 
 
   
 Loan and Lease Portfolio 
    
   
 72-73, 128-129 
   
 
 
   
 Risk Elements of Loan and Lease Portfolio 
    
   
 79-93 
   
 
 
   
 Deposits 
    
   
 74-76 
   
 
 
   
 Return on Equity and Assets 
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
   
 Short-term Borrowings 
    
   
 76-77, 152 
   
 
 Item 1A. 
   
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 26-37 
   
 
 Item 1B. 
   
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 37 
   
 
 Item 2. 
   
 Properties 
    
   
 37 
   
 
 Item 3. 
   
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 37 
   
 
 Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 37 
   
 
 
   
 Executive Officers of the Bancorp 
    
   
 38 
   
 
 
 
 
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
 Item 5. 
   
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 39 
   
 
 Item 6. 
   
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 43 
   
 
 Item 7. 
   
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 44-104 
   
 
 Item 7A. 
   
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 104 
   
 
 Item 8. 
   
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 104-197 
   
 
 Item 9. 
   
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 198 
   
 
 Item 9A. 
   
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 198 
   
 
 Item 9B. 
   
 Other Information 
    
   
 200 
   
 
 
 
 
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
 Item 10. 
   
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 200 
   
 
 Item 11. 
   
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 200 
   
 
 Item 12. 
   
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 200 
   
 
 Item 13. 
   
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 200 
   
 
 Item 14. 
   
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 200 
   
 
 
 
 
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
 Item 15. 
   
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 200-204 
   
 
 Item 16. 
   
 Form 10–K Summary 
    
   
 204 
   
 
 
 
 
 SIGNATURES 
    
   
 205 
   
   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This report contains statements that we believe are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule  3b-6  promulgated thereunder. These statements relate
to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance or business. They usually can be identified by the use of forward-looking language such as “will likely result,” “may,” “are expected
to,” “is anticipated,” “potential,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “projected,” “intends to,” or may include other similar words or phrases such as “believes,” “plans,”
“trend,” “objective,” “continue,” “remain,” or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “might,”
“can,” or similar verbs. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, as they are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risk factors set forth in the Risk Factors section in Item 1A in this Annual
Report on Form  10-K.  When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind these risks and uncertainties, as well as any cautionary statements we may make. Moreover, you should treat these
statements as speaking only as of the date they are made and based only on information then actually known to us. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these
forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) deteriorating credit quality; (2) loan concentration by location or industry of borrowers or collateral; (3) problems
encountered by other financial institutions; (4) inadequate sources of funding or liquidity; (5) unfavorable actions of rating agencies; (6) inability to maintain or grow deposits; (7) limitations on the ability to receive
dividends from subsidiaries; (8) cyber-security risks; (9) Fifth Third’s ability to secure confidential information and deliver products and services through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks;
(10) failures by third-party service providers; (11) inability to manage strategic initiatives and/or organizational changes; (12) inability to implement technology system enhancements; (13) failure of internal controls and other
risk management systems; (14) losses related to fraud, theft or violence; (15) inability to attract and retain skilled personnel; (16) adverse impacts of government regulation; (17) governmental or regulatory changes or other
actions; (18) failures to meet applicable capital requirements; (19) regulatory objections to Fifth Third’s capital plan; (20) regulation of Fifth Third’s derivatives activities; (21) deposit insurance premiums;
(22) assessments for the orderly liquidation fund; (23) replacement of LIBOR; (24) weakness in the national or local economies; (25) global political and economic uncertainty or negative actions; (26) changes in interest
rates; (27) changes and trends in capital markets; (28) fluctuation of Fifth Third’s stock price; (29) volatility in mortgage banking revenue; (30) litigation, investigations, and enforcement proceedings by governmental
authorities; (31) breaches of contractual covenants, representations and warranties; (32) competition and changes in the financial services industry; (33) changing retail distribution strategies, customer preferences and behavior;
(34) risks relating to the potential merger with MB Financial, Inc. and Fifth Third’s ability to realize anticipated benefits of the merger; (35) difficulties in identifying, acquiring or integrating suitable strategic partnerships,
investments or acquisitions; (36) potential dilution from future acquisitions; (37) loss of income and/or difficulties encountered in the sale and separation of businesses, investments or other assets; (38) results of investments or
acquired entities; (39) changes in accounting standards or interpretation or declines in the value of Fifth Third’s goodwill or other intangible assets; (40) inaccuracies or other failures from the use of models; (41) effects of
critical accounting policies and judgments or the use of inaccurate estimates; (42) weather-related events or other natural disasters; and (43) the impact of reputational risk created by these or other developments on such matters as
business generation and retention, funding and liquidity.  
      18  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  PART I  
 ITEM 1.  BUSINESS  
 General Information    Fifth Third Bancorp
(the “Bancorp” or “Fifth Third”), an Ohio corporation organized in 1975, is a bank holding company (“BHC”) as defined by the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”), and has elected to be
treated as a financial holding company (“FHC”) under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (“GLBA”) and regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “FRB”).  
 The Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is the indirect holding
company of Fifth Third Bank (the “Bank”). As of December 31, 2018, Fifth Third had $146 billion in assets and operates 1,121 full-service Banking Centers and 2,419 Fifth Third branded ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan,
Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Georgia and North Carolina. The Bancorp operates four main businesses: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending and Wealth & Asset Management. Fifth Third is among the largest money
managers in the Midwest and, as of December 31, 2018, had $356 billion in assets under care, of which it managed $37 billion for individuals, corporations and
 not-for-profit  organizations.  Investor information  and  press releases  can be viewed at  www.53.com . Fifth Third’s common stock is traded on the
NASDAQ ®  Global Select Market under the symbol “FITB.”  
 The Bancorp’s subsidiaries provide a wide range of financial products and services to the commercial, financial,
retail, governmental, educational, energy and healthcare sectors. This includes a wide range of checking, savings and money market accounts, wealth management solutions, payments and commerce solutions, insurance services and credit products such as
commercial loans and leases, mortgage loans, credit cards, installment loans and auto loans. These products and services are delivered through a variety of channels including the Company’s Banking Centers, other offices, telephone sales, the
internet and mobile applications. Fifth Third Bank has deposit insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) through the Deposit Insurance Fund (the “DIF”). Refer to Exhibit 21 filed as an
attachment to this Annual Report on Form  10-K  for a list of subsidiaries of the Bancorp as of February 15, 2019.  
 Additional information regarding the Bancorp’s businesses is included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    Availability of Financial Information  
 The Bancorp files reports with the SEC. Those reports include the annual report on Form  10-K, 
quarterly reports on Form  10-Q,  current reports on Form  8-K  and proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports. The SEC maintains an internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at  www.sec.gov . The Bancorp’s annual report on Form  10-K,  quarterly
reports on Form  10-Q,  current reports on Form  8-K,  proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act are accessible at no cost on the Bancorp’s web site at www.53.com on a same day basis after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.  
 Competition    The Bancorp, primarily
through Fifth Third Bank, competes for deposits, loans and other banking services in its principal
 

  
geographic markets as well as in selected national markets as opportunities arise. In addition to traditional financial institutions, the Bancorp competes with securities dealers, brokers,
mortgage bankers, investment advisors, specialty finance, telecommunications, technology and insurance companies as well as large retailers. These companies compete across geographic boundaries and provide customers with meaningful alternatives to
traditional banking services in nearly all significant products. The increasingly competitive environment is a result primarily of changes in regulation, changes in technology, product delivery systems and the accelerating pace of consolidation
among financial service providers. These competitive trends are likely to continue.    Acquisitions and Investments  
 The Bancorp’s strategy for growth includes strengthening its presence in core markets, expanding into contiguous markets and broadening
its product offerings while taking into account the integration and other risks of growth. The Bancorp evaluates strategic acquisition and investment opportunities and conducts due diligence activities in connection with possible transactions. As a
result, discussions, and in some cases, negotiations regarding acquisitions and investments may take place and future transactions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur. These typically involve the payment of a premium over book value
and current market price, and therefore, some dilution of book value and net income per share may occur with any future transactions.    Regulation and
Supervision    In addition to the generally applicable state and federal laws governing businesses and employers, the Bancorp and Fifth
Third Bank are subject to extensive regulation by federal and state laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions and their parent companies. Virtually all aspects of the business of the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank are subject to
specific requirements or restrictions and general regulatory oversight. The principal objectives of state and federal banking laws and regulations and the supervision, regulation and examination of banks and their parent companies (such as the Fifth
Third Bank and the Bancorp) by bank regulatory agencies are the maintenance of the safety and soundness of financial institutions, maintenance of the federal deposit insurance system and the protection of consumers or classes of consumers, rather
than the protection of shareholders or debtholders of a bank or the parent company of a bank. The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are subject to an extensive regulatory framework of complex and comprehensive federal and state laws and regulations
addressing the provision of banking and other financial services and other aspects of the Bancorp’s businesses and operations. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank”) and recent legislation modifying
Dodd-Frank, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (“EGRRCPA”) of 2018, will continue to impact the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank. To the extent the following material describes statutory or regulatory
provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statute or regulation.    Regulators  
 The Bancorp and/or Fifth Third Bank are subject to regulation and supervision primarily by the FRB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
(the “CFPB”) and the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions (the “Division”) and additionally by certain other functional regulators and self-regulatory organizations.
   

      19  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
The Bancorp is also subject to regulation by the SEC by virtue of its status as a public company and due to the nature of some of its businesses. Fifth Third Bank is subject to regulation by the
FDIC, which insures Fifth Third Bank’s deposits as permitted by law.    The federal and state laws and regulations
that are applicable to banks and to BHCs regulate, among other matters, the scope of the Bancorp’s and/or Fifth Third Bank’s businesses, their activities, their investments, their capital and liquidity levels, their ability to make capital
distributions (such as share repurchases and dividends), their reserves against deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds, the amount of loans to individual and related borrowers and the nature, the amount of and collateral for
certain loans, and the amount of interest that may be charged on loans, as applicable. Various federal and state consumer laws and regulations also affect the services provided to consumers.  
 The Bancorp and/or Fifth Third Bank are required to file various reports with and are subject to examination by regulators,
including the FRB and the Division. The FRB, the Division and the CFPB have the authority to issue orders for BHCs and/or banks to cease and desist from certain banking practices and violations of conditions imposed by, or violations of agreements
with, the FRB, the Division and the CFPB. Certain of the Bancorp’s and/or Fifth Third Bank’s regulators are also empowered to assess civil money penalties against companies or individuals in certain situations, such as when there is a
violation of a law or regulation. Applicable state and federal laws also grant certain regulators the authority to impose additional requirements and restrictions on the activities of the Bancorp and/or Fifth Third Bank and, in some situations, the
imposition of such additional requirements and restrictions will not be publicly available information.    Acquisitions  
 The BHCA requires the prior approval of the FRB for a BHC to acquire substantially all the assets of a bank or to acquire direct or indirect
ownership or control of more than 5% of any class of the voting shares of any bank, BHC or savings association, or to increase any such  non-majority  ownership or control of any bank, BHC or savings
association, or to merge or consolidate with any BHC.    The BHCA generally prohibits a BHC from acquiring a direct or
indirect interest in or control of more than 5% of any class of the voting shares of a company that is not a bank or a BHC and from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or
furnishing services to its banking subsidiaries, except that it may engage in and may own shares of companies engaged in certain activities the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be proper
incident thereto.    Financial Holding Companies  
 A FHC is permitted to engage directly or indirectly in a broader range of activities than those permitted for a BHC under the BHCA. Permitted
activities for a FHC include securities underwriting and dealing, insurance underwriting and brokerage, merchant banking and other activities that are declared by the FRB, in cooperation with the Treasury Department, to be “financial in nature
or incidental thereto” or are declared by the FRB unilaterally to be “complementary” to financial activities. In addition, a FHC is allowed to conduct permissible new financial activities or acquire permissible  non-bank  financial companies
 

  
with  after-the-fact  notice to the FRB. A BHC may elect to become a FHC if each of its banking subsidiaries is well
capitalized, is well managed and has at least a “Satisfactory” rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (“CRA”). Dodd-Frank also extended the well capitalized and well managed requirement to the BHC. To maintain FHC status, a
holding company must continue to meet certain requirements. The failure to meet such requirements could result in material restrictions on the activities of the FHC and may also adversely affect the FHC’s ability to enter into certain
transactions (including mergers and acquisitions) or obtain necessary approvals in connection therewith, as well as loss of FHC status. If restrictions are imposed on the activities of an FHC, such information may not necessarily be available to the
public.    Dividends    The Bancorp
depends in part upon dividends received from its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Fifth Third Bank, to fund its activities, including the payment of dividends. The Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank are subject to various federal and state
restrictions on their ability to pay dividends. The FRB has authority to prohibit BHCs from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice.  
 The FRB has indicated generally that it may be an unsafe or unsound practice for BHCs to pay dividends unless a BHC’s
net income is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization’s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, the Bancorp’s ability to make
capital distributions, including dividends is subject to the FRB’s  non-objection  to the Bancorp’s capital plan as part of the FRB’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”)
process discussed below (see Systemically Significant Companies and Capital).    Source of Strength  
 Under long-standing FRB policy and now as codified in Dodd-Frank, a BHC is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to
each of its banking subsidiaries and to commit resources to their support. This support may be required at times when the BHC may not have the resources to provide it.  
 FDIC Assessments    Under the FDIC’s
assessment system for determining payments to the DIF insured depository institutions with more than $10 billion in assets (“large IDIs”) are assessed under a complex “scorecard” methodology that seeks to capture both the
probability that an individual large IDI will fail and the magnitude of the impact on the DIF if such a failure occurs. The assessment base of a large IDI is its total assets less tangible equity. This assessment base affords the FDIC much greater
flexibility to vary its assessment system based upon the different asset classes that large IDIs normally hold on their balance sheets.  
 During the first quarter of 2016, the FDIC issued a final rule implementing a 4.5 bps surcharge on the quarterly FDIC
insurance assessments of large IDIs. Fifth Third Bank became subject to the FDIC surcharge on July 1, 2016. The surcharge continued through September 30, 2018 when the reserve ratio reached 1.36% of insured deposits, exceeding the
statutorily required minimum reserve ratio of 1.35%.    Transactions with Affiliates  
 Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the FRB’s Regulation W restrict transactions between a bank and its affiliates,
including a parent BHC.    

      20  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
Fifth Third Bank is subject to these restrictions, which include quantitative and qualitative limits on the amounts and types of transactions that may take place, including extensions of credit
to affiliates, investments in the stock or securities of affiliates, purchases of assets from affiliates and certain other transactions with affiliates. These restrictions also require that credit transactions with affiliates be collateralized and
that transactions with affiliates be on market terms or better for the bank. Generally, a bank’s covered transactions with any affiliate are limited to 10% of the bank’s capital stock and surplus and covered transactions with all
affiliates are limited to 20% of the bank’s capital stock and surplus.  Dodd-Frank  expanded the scope of these regulations, including by applying them to the credit exposure arising under derivative
transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending transactions.    Community Reinvestment Act  
 The CRA generally requires insured depository institutions, including Fifth Third Bank, to identify the communities they serve and to make
loans and investments and provide services that meet the credit needs of those communities. The CRA requires the FRB to evaluate the performance of state member banks (including Fifth Third Bank) with respect to these CRA obligations. Depository
institutions must maintain comprehensive records of their CRA activities for purposes of these examinations. The FRB must take into account the institution’s record of performance in meeting the credit needs of the entire community served,
including  low-  and moderate-income neighborhoods. For purposes of CRA examinations, the FRB rates each institution’s compliance with the CRA as “Outstanding,” “Satisfactory,”
“Needs to Improve” or “Substantial Noncompliance.” The FRB conducted a regularly scheduled examination covering 2014 through 2016 to determine Fifth Third Bank’s compliance with the CRA. This CRA examination resulted in a
change in rating from “Needs to Improve” to “Outstanding”.    Capital Generally  
 The Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank are subject to the FRB’s capital adequacy rules. Failure to meet capital requirements could subject the
Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank to a variety of restrictions and enforcement actions.    Systemically Significant Companies and Capital  
 In 2013, the U.S. banking regulators approved final regulatory capital rules (the “Final Capital Rules”) that substantially revised
the risk-based capital requirements applicable to BHCs and their depository institution subsidiaries, such as the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank, as compared to the previous U.S. risk-based and leverage capital rules. The Final Capital Rules were
based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (“Basel Committee”) capital framework for enhancing international capital standards (referred to as Basel III) and also implemented certain provisions of Dodd-Frank.  
 The Final Capital Rules, among other things, (i) include a new capital measure “Common Equity Tier I”
(“CET1”), (ii) specify that Tier I capital consists of CET1 and “Additional Tier I capital” instruments meeting specified requirements, (iii) define CET1 narrowly by requiring that most adjustments to regulatory capital
measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital and (iv) expand the scope of the adjustments as compared to prior capital rules. CET1 capital
 

  
consists of common stock instruments that meet the eligibility criteria in the final rules, including common stock and related surplus, net of treasury stock, retained earnings, certain minority
interests and, for certain firms, accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”). Under the Final Capital Rules, the Bancorp made a  one-time  election (the
 “Opt-out  Election”) to filter certain AOCI components, with the result that those components are not recognized in the Bancorp’s CET1.  
 The Final Capital Rules require banking organizations to maintain a capital conservation buffer. For more information
related to the capital conservation buffer, refer to Note 27 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    The
Final Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and significant common stock
investments in  non-consolidated  financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10% of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15% of CET1. In September
2017, the U.S. banking regulators proposed to revise and simplify the deductions for these items for banking organizations, such as the Bancorp, that are not subject to the “advanced approaches” under the Final Capital Rules.  
 The Final Capital Rules were effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2015, with certain provisions subject to  phase-in  periods. In November 2017, the U.S. banking regulators revised the Final Capital Rules to extend the current transitional treatment of the deductions described above for
 non-advanced  approaches banking organizations until the September 2017 proposal is finalized.  
 The FRB’s rules require BHCs with $50 billion or more in consolidated assets to establish risk committees and
require BHCs with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, including  company-run  liquidity stress testing using various
time horizons and a buffer of highly liquid assets based on projected funding needs for a  30-day  time horizon. These liquidity-related provisions are designed to be complementary to the Final LCR Rule
applicable to BHCs (as discussed below).    BHCs with $100 billion or more in consolidated assets must submit capital
plans to the FRB on an annual basis and those BHCs are generally required to receive the FRB’s  non-objection  to their capital plan before making a capital distribution, such as a share repurchase or
dividend. In addition, even with an approved capital plan, a BHC must seek the approval of the FRB before making a capital distribution if, among other reasons, the BHC would not meet its regulatory capital requirements after making the proposed
capital distribution.    Under its CCAR process, the FRB annually evaluates capital adequacy, internal capital adequacy,
assessment processes and capital distribution plans of BHCs with $100 billion or more in assets. The CCAR process is intended to help ensure that those BHCs have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for each
company’s unique risks and that permit continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. The mandatory elements of the capital plan are an assessment of the expected uses and sources of capital over a nine-quarter planning
horizon, a description of all planned capital actions over the planning horizon, a discussion of any expected changes to the BHC’s business plan that are likely to have a material impact on its capital adequacy or liquidity, a detailed
description of the BHC’s process for assessing capital adequacy and the BHC’s capital policy.
   

      21  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
A BHC’s ability to make capital distributions – that is, dividends and share repurchases – is subject to limitations if the amount of the BHC’s actual capital issuances are
less than the amounts indicated in the BHC’s capital plan as to which it received a  non-objection  from the FRB. The 2019 capital plan must be submitted to the FRB by April 5, 2019.  
 In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis
regulatory reforms (the standards are commonly referred to as “Basel IV”). Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee’s standardized approach for credit risk (including by recalibrating risk weights and introducing
new capital requirements for certain “unconditionally cancellable commitments,” such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. Under the Basel framework, these standards
will generally be effective on January 1, 2022, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2027. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced
approaches institutions and not to the Bancorp or Fifth Third Bank. The impact of Basel IV will depend on the manner in which it is implemented by the U.S. banking regulators.  
 In April 2018, the FRB proposed a rule to establish stress buffer requirements. Under the proposal, the stress capital
buffer (“SCB”) would replace the 2.5% component of the capital conservation buffer discussed below. The SCB, subject to a minimum of 2.5%, would reflect stressed losses in the supervisory severely adverse scenario of the FRB’s
supervisory stress tests and would also include four quarters of planned common stock dividends. The proposal would also introduce a stress leverage buffer requirement, similar to the SCB, which would apply to the Tier 1 leverage ratio. In
addition, the proposal would require BHCs to reduce their planned capital distributions if those distributions would not be consistent with the applicable capital buffer constraints based on the BHCs’ own baseline scenario projections. The FRB
has stated that it intends to propose revisions to the stress buffer requirements that would be applicable to Category IV BHCs to align with the proposed  two-year  supervisory stress testing cycle for Category
IV BHCs.    Pursuant to Title I of Dodd-Frank, certain U.S. BHCs are subject to enhanced prudential standards and early
remediation requirements. On May 24, 2018, the EGRRCPA was signed into law. Among other regulatory changes, the EGRRCPA amends various sections of Dodd-Frank, the most impactful of which include changes to section 165 to raise the asset
threshold above which the FRB is required to apply the enhanced prudential standards in section 165 to BHCs to $250 billion. The EGRRCPA’s increased asset threshold took effect immediately for BHCs with total consolidated assets less than
$100 billion. The increased asset threshold generally will become effective 18 months after the date of enactment for BHCs with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more but less than $250 billion, including the Bancorp. The
FRB is authorized, however, during the  18-month  period to exempt, by order, any BHC with assets between $100 billion and $250 billion from any enhanced prudential standard requirement. The FRB is
also authorized to apply any enhanced prudential standard requirement to any BHC with between $100 billion and $250 billion in total consolidated assets that would otherwise be exempt under the EGRRCPA, if the FRB determines that such
action is appropriate to address risks to financial stability and promote safety and soundness, taking into consideration certain factors including the
 

  
BHC’s capital structure, riskiness, complexity, financial activities (including financial activities of subsidiaries), size and any other risk-related factors that the FRB deems appropriate.
U.S. globally systematically important banks  (“G-SIBs”)  and BHCs with $250 billion or more in total consolidated assets remain fully subject to Dodd-Frank’s enhanced prudential standard
requirements.    Under the EGRRCPA, BHCs with between $100 billion and $250 billion in total consolidated assets
are subject to “periodic” supervisory stress tests to determine whether they have adequate capital available to absorb losses as a result of adverse economic conditions. On October 31, 2018, the FRB released two notices of proposed
rulemaking (“Tailoring NPRs”) related to the EGRRCPA. The proposed rules would establish four risk-based categories of institutions and tailor the application of capital and liquidity requirements, as well as stress testing and other
enhanced prudential standards, for each category. These proposals are subject to modification through the federal rulemaking process in accordance with the Administrative Procedures Act, but based upon the Bancorp’s interpretation of the
Tailoring NPRs, the Bancorp expects that it would qualify as a Category IV BHC subject to the least stringent of the proposed enhanced prudential requirements. As proposed, Category IV BHCs would be subject to FRB supervisory stress testing on a  two-year  cycle.    The Tailoring NPRs indicated that the FRB expects to revise its
guidance relating to capital planning to align with the proposed categories of standards set forth in the Tailoring NPRs and the impact of the future proposal on Bancorp and its capital planning process will depend on the final form of the
FRB’s revised guidance.    The Tailoring NPR’s will likely be finalized in 2019, but timing is uncertain as to
when the FRB, and other federal regulators, will release proposed amendments to the capital plan rules and SCB for comment. However, on February 5, 2019, the FRB announced that less-complex firms with consolidated assets between
$100 billion and $250 billion will be afforded regulatory relief by moving these firms to an extended stress test cycle. As a result, the Bancorp will not be subject to a supervisory stress test during the 2019 cycle and its capital
distributions for this year will be largely based on the results from the 2018 supervisory stress test. Additionally, the FRB will propose for notice and comment a final capital distribution method for firms on an extended stress test cycle in
future years sometime in early 2019.    Liquidity Regulation  
 Liquidity risk management and supervision have become increasingly important since the financial crisis. In addition to the liquidity buffer
requirement discussed above, the Bancorp is subject to the U.S. banking regulators final rule (the “Final LCR Rule”) implementing the Basel Committee’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio requirement (“LCR”), which is designed to
ensure that banking entities maintain an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets (“HQLA”) under an acute  30-day  liquidity stress scenario. The LCR Rule applies in modified, less
stringent form to BHCs, such as the Bancorp, having $50 billion or more but less than $250 billion in total consolidated assets and less than $10 billion in total  on-balance  sheet foreign
exposure. The LCR is the ratio of an institution’s HQLA (the numerator) over projected net cash  out-flows  over the  30-day  horizon (the denominator), in each case,
as calculated pursuant to the Final LCR Rule. The Final LCR Rule became fully  phased-in  on January 1, 2017 and a subject institution must maintain an LCR equal to at least 100%.
   

      22  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  Only specific classes of assets, including U.S. Treasuries, other U.S. government obligations
and agency mortgaged-backed securities, qualify under the rule as HQLA, with classes of assets deemed relatively less liquid and/or subject to greater degree of credit risk subject to certain haircuts and caps for purposes of calculating the
numerator under the Final LCR Rule. The total net cash outflows amount is determined under the rule by applying prescribed outflow and inflow rates against the balances of the banking organization’s funding sources, obligations, transactions
and assets over the  30-day  stress period. Inflows that can be included to offset outflows are limited to 75% of outflows (which effectively means that banking organizations must hold HQLA equal to 25% of
outflows even if outflows perfectly match inflows over the stress period). The total net cash outflow amount for the modified LCR applicable to the Bancorp is capped at 70% of the outflow rate that applies to the full LCR. The LCR is a minimum
requirement and the FRB can impose additional liquidity requirements as a supervisory matter.    In addition to the LCR,
the Basel III framework also included a second standard, referred to as the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”), which is designed to promote more  medium-and  long-term funding of the assets and
activities of banks over a  one-year  time horizon. In May 2016, the U.S. banking regulators proposed a rule to implement the NSFR. As proposed, the most stringent requirements would apply to firms with
$250 billion or more in assets or $10 billion or more in  on-balance  sheet foreign exposure. Holding companies with less than $250 billion, but more than $50 billion in assets and less than
$10 billion in  on-balance  foreign exposure, such as the Bancorp, would be subject to a less stringent, modified NFSR requirement. As proposed the NSFR rule would have taken effect on January 1, 2018;
however, the U.S. banking regulators have not issued a final rule.    As proposed, the Tailoring NPRs would eliminate LCR
and NSFR requirements for Category IV BHCs. The ultimate benefits or consequences of the EGRRCPA and the Tailoring NPRs on the Bancorp, Fifth Third Bank and their respective subsidiaries and activities will be subject to the final form of the
Tailoring NPRs and additional rulemakings issued by the FRB and other federal regulators. The Bancorp cannot predict future changes in the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory agency policies, yet such changes may have a material impact on
the Bancorp’s business, financial condition or results of operations.    Privacy and Data Security  
 The FRB, FDIC and other bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines (the “Guidelines) for safeguarding confidential, personal
customer information. The Guidelines require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its Board of Directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to create, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information
security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information and protect against unauthorized access to or use of
such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. In addition, various U.S. regulators, including the FRB and the SEC, have increased their focus on cyber-security through guidance, examinations and
regulations. The Bancorp has adopted a customer information security program that has been approved by the Bancorp’s Board of Directors.  
 The GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal
information about consumers to  non-affiliated  third parties. In general, the statute requires explanations to consumers
 

  
on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibits disclosing such information except as provided in
the banking subsidiary’s policies and procedures. The Bancorp’s banking subsidiary has implemented a privacy policy.    Anti-Money Laundering
and Sanctions    The Bancorp is subject to federal laws that are designed to counter money laundering and terrorist financing, and
transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments sanctioned by the United States. These include the Bank Secrecy Act, the Money Laundering Control Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and regulations for the International Emergency Economic Powers
Act and the Trading with the Enemy Act, as administered by the United States Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. These laws obligate depository institutions and broker-dealers to verify their customers’ identity,
conduct customer due diligence, report on suspicious activity, file reports of transactions in currency and conduct enhanced due diligence on certain accounts. They also prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain designated
restricted countries and persons. Depository institutions and broker-dealers are required by their federal regulators to maintain robust policies and procedures in order to ensure compliance with these obligations.  
 Failure to comply with these laws or maintain an adequate compliance program can lead to significant monetary penalties and
reputational damage and federal regulators evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering when determining whether to approve a proposed bank merger, acquisition, restructuring, or other expansionary activity. There have
been a number of significant enforcement actions by regulators, as well as state attorneys general and the Department of Justice, against banks, broker-dealers and  non-bank  financial institutions with respect
to these laws and some have resulted in substantial penalties, including criminal pleas. The Bancorp’s Board has approved policies and procedures that the Bancorp believes comply with these laws.  
 Executive Compensation    Pursuant to
Dodd-Frank, the SEC adopted rules in 2011 requiring that each public company give its shareholders the opportunity to vote on the compensation of its executives at least once every three years. The SEC also adopted rules on disclosure and voting
requirements for golden parachute compensation that is payable to named executive officers in connection with sale transactions.  
 The SEC’s rules also direct the stock exchanges to prohibit listing classes of equity securities of a company if a
company’s compensation committee members are not independent. The rules also provide that a company’s compensation committee may only select a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor after taking into consideration factors
to be identified by the SEC that affect the independence of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor.  
 In August 2015, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the pay ratio provisions of Dodd-Frank by requiring companies to
disclose the ratio of the compensation of its chief executive officer to the median compensation of its employees. For a registrant with a fiscal year ending on December 31, such as Bancorp, the pay ratio was first required as part of its
executive compensation disclosure in proxy statements or Form  10-Ks  filed starting in 2018.
   

      23  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  Dodd-Frank provides that the SEC must issue rules directing the stock
exchanges to prohibit listing any security of a company unless the company develops and implements a policy providing for disclosure of the policy of the company on incentive-based compensation that is based on financial information required to be
reported under the securities laws. In the event the company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, the company will
recover from any current or former executive officer of the company who received incentive-based compensation during the three-year period preceding the date on which the company is required to prepare the restatement based on the erroneous data,
any exceptional compensation above what would have been paid under the restatement.    Dodd-Frank required the SEC to
adopt a rule to require that each company disclose in the proxy materials for its annual meetings whether an employee or board member is permitted to purchase financial instruments designed to hedge or offset decreases in the market value of equity
securities granted as compensation or otherwise held by the employee or board member. The SEC adopted final rules requiring this disclosure on December 18, 2018. The Bancorp will be required to comply with this new rule beginning July 1,
2019.    In June 2016, the SEC and the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule to implement the incentive-based
compensation provisions of section 956 of Dodd-Frank. The proposal would establish new requirements for incentive-based compensation at institutions with assets of at least $1 billion. No final rule has been issued.  
 Debit Card Interchange Fees    Dodd-Frank
provides for a set of new rules requiring that interchange transaction fees for electric debit transactions be “reasonable” and proportional to certain costs associated with processing the transactions. The FRB was given authority to,
among other things, establish standards for assessing whether interchange fees are reasonable and proportional. The FRB has issued a final rule establishing certain standards and prohibitions pursuant to Dodd-Frank, including establishing standards
for debit card interchange fees and allowing for an upward adjustment if the issuer develops and implements policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent fraud. The rule imposes requirements on the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank and may
negatively impact the Bancorp’s revenues and results of operations.    FDIC Matters and Resolution Planning  
 Title II of Dodd-Frank creates an orderly liquidation process that the FDIC can employ for failing systemically important financial companies.
Additionally, Dodd-Frank codifies many of the temporary changes that had already been implemented, such as permanently increasing the amount of deposit insurance to $250,000.  
 The FDIC’s rules require an insured depository institution with $50 billion or more in total assets to submit
periodic contingency plans to the FDIC for resolution in the event of the institution’s failure. Fifth Third Bank is subject to this rule and submitted its most recent resolution plan pursuant to this rule on June 30, 2018.  
 The FRB’s and FDIC’s rule implementing the resolution planning requirements of Section 165(d) of Dodd-Frank
requires BHCs with assets of $100 billion or more and nonbank financial
 

  
firms designated by FSOC for supervision by the FRB to annually submit resolution plans to the FDIC and FRB. Each plan shall describe the company’s strategy for rapid and orderly resolution
in bankruptcy during times of financial distress. Under the rule, companies must submit their resolution plans on a staggered basis. The Bancorp submitted its most recent resolution plan on December 31, 2017. The FRB has stated that it intends
to issue a proposal that would address the applicability of resolution planning requirements to BHCs with total consolidated assets between $100 billion and $250 billion, including the Bancorp.  
 Proprietary Trading and Investing in Certain Funds  
 Dodd-Frank sets forth restrictions on banking organizations’ ability to engage in proprietary trading and sponsor or invest in
“covered funds,” such as private equity and hedge funds (the “Volcker Rule”). The Volcker Rule generally prohibits any banking entity from engaging in short-term proprietary trading for its own account, but permits transactions
in certain securities (such as securities of the U.S. government), transactions on behalf of customers and activities such as market making, underwriting and risk-mitigating hedging. In addition, the Volcker Rule limits the sponsorship of or
investment in a covered fund by any banking entity. The Volcker Rule also prohibits certain types of transactions between a banking entity and any covered fund that is sponsored by the banking entity or for which it serves as investment manager or
investment advisor, similar to those transactions between banks and their affiliates that are limited as described above. The FRB granted extensions to banking entities, including the Bancorp, to conform to the requirements of the Volcker Rule with
respect to “illiquid funds”, as defined in the Volcker Rule. The Bancorp is also required to maintain a satisfactory Volcker Rule compliance program. In July 2018, the FRB, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, FDIC, Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) and SEC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking intended to tailor the application of the Volcker Rule based on the size and scope of a banking entity’s trading activities and to clarify and amend
certain definitions, requirements and exemptions. The ultimate impact of any amendments to the Volcker Rule will depend on, among other things, further rulemaking and implementation guidance from the relevant U.S. federal regulatory agencies and the
development of market practices and standards.    Derivatives  
 Title VII of Dodd-Frank includes measures to broaden the scope of derivative instruments subject to regulation by requiring clearing and
exchange trading of certain derivatives, imposing new capital and margin requirements for certain market participants and imposing position limits on certain
 over-the-counter  derivatives. Fifth Third Bank is provisionally registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer. As with the Volcker Rule, Fifth Third Bank is required to
maintain a satisfactory compliance program to monitor its activities under these regulations. Certain regulations implementing Title VII of Dodd-Frank have not been finalized. The ultimate impact of these regulations, and the time it will take to
comply, continues to remain uncertain. The final regulations could impose additional operational and compliance costs and may require the restructuring of certain businesses and may negatively impact revenues and results of operations.  
 Future Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives  
 Federal and state legislators as well as regulatory agencies may introduce or enact new laws and rules, or amend existing laws and rules, that
may affect    

      24  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
the regulation of financial institutions and their holding companies. The impact of any future legislative or regulatory changes cannot
 

  
be predicted. However, such changes could affect Bancorp’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
   

      25  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  
 The risks listed below present risks that could have a material impact on the Bancorp’s financial condition, the results of its
operations or its business. Some of these risks are interrelated and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others.  
 CREDIT RISKS    Deteriorating
credit quality has adversely impacted Fifth Third in the past and may adversely impact Fifth Third in the future.    When Fifth
Third lends money or commits to lend money the Bancorp incurs credit risk or the risk of loss if borrowers do not repay their loans, leases, credit cards, derivative obligations, or other credit obligations. The performance of these credit
portfolios significantly affects the Bancorp’s financial results and condition. If the current economic environment were to deteriorate, more customers may have difficulty in repaying their credit obligations which could result in a higher
level of credit losses and reserves for credit losses. Fifth Third reserves for credit losses by establishing reserves through a charge to earnings. The amount of these reserves is based on Fifth Third’s assessment of credit losses inherent in
the credit portfolios including unfunded credit commitments. The process for determining the amount of the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments is critical to Fifth Third’s financial results and condition. It requires difficult,
subjective and complex judgments about the environment, including analysis of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans.  
 Fifth Third might underestimate the credit losses inherent in its portfolios and have credit losses in excess of the amount
reserved. Fifth Third might increase the reserve because of changing economic conditions, including falling home prices or higher unemployment, or other factors such as changes in borrower’s behavior or changing protections in credit
agreements. As an example, borrowers may “strategically default,” or discontinue making payments on their real estate-secured loans if the value of the real estate is less than what they owe, even if they are still financially able to make
the payments.    Fifth Third believes that both the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments are adequate to cover
inherent losses at December 31, 2018; however, there is no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover future credit losses, especially if housing and employment conditions decline. In the event of significant deterioration in economic
conditions, Fifth Third may be required to increase reserves in future periods, which would reduce earnings.    For more
information, refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD&A and the Allowance for Loan and Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Commitments subsections of the Critical Accounting Policies section of MD&A.
   Fifth Third may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent loans are concentrated by location or industry of the
borrowers or collateral.    Fifth Third’s credit risk and credit losses can increase if its loans are concentrated to borrowers
engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Deterioration in economic conditions, housing conditions and commodity and real estate values
in certain states or locations
 

  
could result in materially higher credit losses if loans are concentrated in those locations. Fifth Third has significant exposures to businesses in certain economic sectors such as
manufacturing, real estate, financial services, insurance and healthcare, and weaknesses in those businesses may adversely impact Fifth Third’s business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally Fifth Third has a substantial
portfolio of commercial and residential real estate loans and weaknesses in residential or commercial real estate markets may adversely impact Fifth Third’s business, results of operations or financial condition.  
 Problems encountered by financial institutions larger than or similar to Fifth Third could adversely affect financial markets generally
and have direct and indirect adverse effects on Fifth Third.    Fifth Third has exposure to counterparties in the financial services
industry and other industries, and routinely executes transactions with such counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. Many of Fifth Third’s
transactions with other financial institutions expose Fifth Third to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, Fifth Third’s credit risk may be affected when the collateral it holds cannot be realized or is
liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships
between the institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. This is sometimes referred
to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which the Bancorp interacts on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely
affect Fifth Third.    LIQUIDITY RISKS  
 Fifth Third must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity.  
 Fifth Third must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding
liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. Fifth Third primarily relies on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans Fifth Third makes and the operations of Fifth Third’s business. Core deposits, which
include transaction deposits and other time deposits, have historically provided Fifth Third with a sizeable source of relatively stable and  low-cost  funds (average core deposits funded 72% of average total
assets for the year ending December 31, 2018). In addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include investments in the securities portfolio, Fifth Third’s sale or securitization of loans in secondary markets and the pledging of
loans and investment securities to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB, and Fifth Third’s ability to raise funds in domestic and international money and capital markets.  
 Fifth Third’s liquidity and ability to fund and run the business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of
conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general similar to what occurred during the financial crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which
may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or ability to access capital markets on favorable terms.
   

      26  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect Fifth
Third’s liquidity and funding include:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   a lack of market or customer confidence in Fifth Third or negative news about Fifth Third or the financial
services industry generally, which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect the ability to access the capital markets;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   the loss of customer deposits due to competition from other banks or due to alternative investments;
 
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets,  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   increased regulatory requirements,  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   and reductions in one or more of Fifth Third’s credit ratings.  
 A reduced credit rating could adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to borrow funds and raise the cost of borrowings
substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to raise liquidity or capital. Many of the above conditions and factors
may be caused by events over which Fifth Third has little or no control such as what occurred during the financial crisis. There can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur again in the
future.    Recent regulatory changes relating to liquidity and risk management may also negatively impact Fifth
Third’s results of operations and competitive position. Various regulations have been adopted to impose more stringent liquidity requirements for large financial institutions, including Fifth Third. These regulations address, among other
matters, liquidity stress testing and minimum liquidity requirements. Given the overlap and complex interactions of these new and prospective liquidity-related regulations with other regulatory changes, including the capital and resolution and
recovery framework applicable to Fifth Third, the full impact of these regulations will remain uncertain until their full implementation. Although the application of certain of these regulations to banking organizations such as Fifth Third are
expected to be modified, including in connection with the implementation of the EGRRCPA, there remains uncertainty as to the timing, scope and nature of any changes to regulatory requirements. Uncertainty about the timing and scope of changes as
well as the cost of complying with a new regulatory regime may negatively impact Fifth Third’s business.    If Fifth
Third is unable to continue to fund assets through customer bank deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms or if Fifth Third suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, then Fifth
Third’s liquidity, operating margins and financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected. Fifth Third may also need to raise additional capital and liquidity through the issuance of stock, which could dilute the ownership
of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate common stock dividends or share repurchases to preserve capital and liquidity.  
 Fifth Third and/or the holders of its securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies.  
 Fifth Third’s ability to access the capital markets is important to its overall funding profile. This access is affected by the ratings
assigned by rating agencies to Fifth Third, certain of its subsidiaries and particular classes of securities they issue. The
 

  
interest rates that Fifth Third pays on its securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit ratings that it, its subsidiaries and/or its securities receive from recognized
rating agencies. A downgrade to Fifth Third or its subsidiaries’ credit rating could affect its ability to access the capital markets, increase its borrowing costs and negatively impact its profitability. A ratings downgrade to Fifth Third, its
subsidiaries or their securities could also create obligations or liabilities of Fifth Third under the terms of its outstanding securities that could increase Fifth Third’s costs or otherwise have a negative effect on its results of operations
or financial condition. Additionally, a downgrade of the credit rating of any particular security issued by Fifth Third or its subsidiaries could negatively affect the ability of the holders of that security to sell the securities and the prices at
which any such securities may be sold.    If Fifth Third is unable to maintain or grow its deposits, it may be subject to paying
higher funding costs.    The total amount that Fifth Third pays for funding costs is dependent, in part, on Fifth Third’s
ability to maintain or grow its deposits. If Fifth Third is unable to sufficiently maintain or grow its deposits to meet liquidity objectives, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. Fifth Third competes with banks and other financial
services companies for deposits. If competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, Fifth Third’s funding costs may increase, either because Fifth Third raises rates to avoid losing deposits or because Fifth Third loses deposits and must rely
on more expensive sources of funding. Also, customers typically move money from bank deposits to alternative investments during rising interest rate environments, an environment that the U.S. has seen recently and is expected to see over the
medium-term. Customers may also move noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing accounts increasing the cost of those deposits. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive
alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. Fifth Third’s bank customers could take their money out of Fifth Third Bank and put it in alternative investments, causing Fifth Third to lose a
lower cost source of funding. Higher funding costs reduce Fifth Third’s net interest margin and net interest income.    The
Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries accounts for most of its revenue and could affect its liquidity and ability to pay dividends.  
 Fifth Third Bancorp is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. Fifth Third Bancorp typically receives substantially all of
its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on Fifth Third Bancorp’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as
well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay. Regulatory scrutiny of liquidity and capital levels at bank holding companies and insured depository
institution subsidiaries has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions to shareholders of banks such as the parent bank holding companies. Also, Fifth Third Bancorp’s
right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors.
   

      27  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
Limitations on the Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on stock or interest and
principal on its debt and to engage in share repurchases. For further information refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 OPERATIONAL RISKS    Fifth Third
is exposed to cyber-security risks, including denial of service, hacking and identity theft, which could result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information.  
 Fifth Third relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. This includes the use of networks, the internet,
digital applications and the telecommunications and computer systems of third parties to perform business activities. Additionally, digital and mobile technologies are leveraged to interact with customers, which increases the risk of information
security breaches. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to Fifth Third’s accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect its customer relationships. While Fifth Third has
policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if any does occur, that it can be sufficiently remediated.
   There have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties, including through cyber-attacks, to breach data
security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. There have been several recent instances involving financial services, credit bureaus and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or
customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data, by both private individuals and foreign governments. In addition, because the techniques used to cause such security breaches change frequently, often are not recognized until
launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, Fifth Third may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Furthermore, there has been a
well-publicized series of apparently related distributed denial of service attacks on large financial services companies, including Fifth Third Bank, and “ransom” attacks where hackers have requested payments in exchange for not disclosing
customer information.    Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and Fifth Third may not be able to anticipate or prevent all
such attacks. These risks are heightened through the increasing use of digital and mobile solutions which allow for rapid money movement and increase the difficulty to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Fifth Third may incur increasing
costs in an effort to minimize these risks or in the investigation of such cyber-attacks or related to the protection of the Bancorp’s customers from identity theft as a result of such attacks. Fifth Third may also be required to incur
significant costs in connection with any regulatory investigation or civil litigation resulting from a cyber-attack. Despite its efforts, the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of Fifth Third’s systems or third-party
service providers (or providers to such third-party service providers), particularly if widespread or resulting in financial losses to customers, could also seriously damage Fifth Third’s reputation, result in a loss of customer business,
result in substantial remediation costs, additional cyber-security protection costs and increased insurance premiums, subject it to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose it to civil litigation and financial liability.
 
  Fifth Third relies on its systems and certain third-party service providers and certain
failures could materially adversely affect operations.    Fifth Third’s operations, including its financial and accounting
systems, use computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both Fifth Third and third-party service providers. Additionally, Fifth Third collects, processes and stores sensitive consumer data by utilizing those and other systems and
networks. Fifth Third has security, backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan to ensure the systems will not be inoperable. Fifth Third also has security to prevent unauthorized access to the systems. In addition,
Fifth Third requires its third-party service providers to maintain similar controls. However, Fifth Third cannot be certain that the measures will be successful.  
 A security breach in these systems or the loss or corruption of confidential information such as business results,
transaction records and related information could adversely impact Fifth Third’s ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory
authorities, significant reputational harm and the loss of confidence in Fifth Third. Additionally, security breaches or the loss, theft or corruption of confidential customer information such as social security numbers, credit card numbers, account
balances or other information could result in losses by our customers, litigation, regulatory sanctions, lost customers and revenue, increased costs and significant reputational harm.  
 Fifth Third’s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction volume poses the risk
that technical system flaws or employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses and may be difficult to detect. Fifth Third may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are
beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages).    Third parties with
which the Bancorp does business both domestically and offshore, as well as vendors and other third parties with which the Bancorp’s customers do business, can also be sources of operational risk to the Bancorp, particularly where activities of
customers are beyond the Bancorp’s security and control systems, such as through the use of the internet, personal computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile services. Security breaches affecting the Bancorp’s customers, or systems
breakdowns or failures, security breaches or employee misconduct affecting such other third parties, may require the Bancorp to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information of the
Bancorp or its customers, thereby increasing the Bancorp’s operational costs and potentially diminishing customer satisfaction. If personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients in the Bancorp’s possession were
to be mishandled or misused, the Bancorp could suffer significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss. Such mishandling or misuse could include circumstances where, for example, such information was erroneously provided
to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either through the fault of the Bancorp’s systems, employees or counterparties, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise compromised by third parties.
   

      28  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
The Bancorp may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond the Bancorp’s control, which may include, for example, security
breaches; electrical or telecommunications outages; failures of computer components or servers or other damage to the Bancorp’s property or assets; natural disasters or severe weather conditions; health emergencies; or events arising from local
or larger-scale political events, including outbreaks of hostilities or terrorist acts. For example, it has been reported that there is a fundamental security flaw in computer chips found in many types of computing devices, including phones,
tablets, laptops and desktops. While the Bancorp believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the Bancorp or its
customers and clients.    Any failures or disruptions of the Bancorp’s systems or operations could give rise to
losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the Bancorp’s business and results of operations by subjecting the Bancorp to losses or liability, or require the Bancorp to expend significant resources to correct the failure or
disruption, as well as by exposing the Bancorp to reputational harm, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or losses not covered by insurance. The Bancorp could also be adversely affected if it loses access to information or services from a
third-party service provider as a result of a security breach or system or operational failure or disruption affecting the third-party service provider.  
 Fifth Third may not be able to effectively manage organizational changes and implement key initiatives in a timely fashion, or at all,
due to competing priorities which could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.  
 Fifth Third is subject to rapid changes in technology, regulation and product innovation, and faces intense competition for customers, sources
of revenue, capital, services, qualified employees and other essential business resources. In order to meet these challenges, Fifth Third is or may be engaged in numerous critical strategic initiatives at the same time. Accomplishing these
initiatives may be complex, time intensive and require significant financial, technological, management and other resources. These initiatives may consume management’s attention and may compete for limited resources. In addition, organizational
changes may need to be implemented throughout Fifth Third as a result of the new products, services, partnerships and processes that arise from the execution of the various strategic initiatives. Fifth Third may have difficulty managing these
organizational changes and executing these initiatives effectively in a timely fashion, or at all. Fifth Third’s failure to do so could expose it to litigation or regulatory action and may damage Fifth Third’s business, results of
operations, financial condition and reputation.    Fifth Third may not be able to successfully implement future information
technology system enhancements, which could adversely affect Fifth Third’s business operations and profitability.    Fifth
Third invests significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. Fifth Third may not be able to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements,
or may not be able to do so on a cost-effective basis. Such sanctions could include fines and result in reputational harm and have other negative effects. In addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected costs and/or result in
operating inefficiencies, which could
 

  
increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment
charges that adversely impact Fifth Third’s financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, Fifth Third may incur significant training,
licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time.  
 Fifth Third’s framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating its risk and loss.  
 Fifth Third’s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. Fifth Third has established processes and procedures intended to
identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, legal risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, reputational risk and operational risk related to its
employees, systems and vendors, among others. Any system of control and any system to reduce risk exposure, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that
the objectives of the system are met. A failure in Fifth Third’s internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on its earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and investors may have of Fifth Third.
Fifth Third continues to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving its controls and ensuring compliance with complex regulations.  
 Additionally, instruments, systems and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of market
compliance, credit, liquidity, operational and business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be less effective than anticipated. As a result, Fifth Third may not be able to effectively mitigate its risk exposures in particular market environments or
against particular types of risk. If Fifth Third’s risk management framework proves ineffective, Fifth Third could incur litigation, negative regulatory consequences, reputational damages among other adverse consequences and Fifth Third could
suffer unexpected losses that may affect its financial condition or results of operations.    Fifth Third may experience losses
related to fraud, theft or violence.    Fifth Third may experience losses incurred due to customer or employee fraud, theft or
physical violence. Additionally, physical violence may negatively affect Fifth Third’s key personnel, facilities or systems. These losses may be material and negatively affect Fifth Third’s results of operations, financial condition or
prospects. These losses could also lead to significant reputational risks and other effects. The sophistication of external fraud actors continues to increase, and in some cases includes large criminal rings, which increases the resources and
infrastructure needed to thwart these attacks. The industry fraud threat continues to evolve, including but not limited to card fraud, check fraud, social engineering and phishing attacks for identity theft and account takeover. Fifth Third
continues to invest in fraud prevention in the forms of people and systems designed to prevent, detect and mitigate the customer and financial impacts.  
 Fifth Third could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.  
 Fifth Third’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals. Competition for qualified candidates
in the activities and markets that Fifth Third serves is intense, which may increase Fifth Third’s expenses and may result in Fifth Third not being able to hire candidates or retain them.
   

      29  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
If Fifth Third is not able to hire qualified candidates or retain its key personnel, Fifth Third may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its
business, operations and financial condition.    Compensation paid by financial institutions such as Fifth Third is
heavily regulated, particularly under Dodd-Frank, which regulation affects the amount and form of compensation Fifth Third pays to hire and retain talented employees. If Fifth Third is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at
rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, Fifth Third’s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely
affected.    REGULATORY COMPLIANCE RISKS  
 Fifth Third is subject to extensive governmental regulation which could adversely impact Fifth Third or the businesses in which Fifth
Third is engaged.    Government regulation and legislation subject Fifth Third and other financial institutions to restrictions,
oversight and/or costs that may have an impact on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of its common stock.  
 Fifth Third is subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all aspects
of its operations and limit the businesses in which Fifth Third may engage. These laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers and depositors and are not designed to protect
security-holders. The impact of any changes to laws and regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies may negatively impact Fifth Third or its ability to increase the value of its business. Additionally, actions by regulatory agencies or
significant litigation against Fifth Third could cause it to devote significant time and resources to defending itself and may lead to penalties that materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Future changes in the laws, including tax laws,
or regulations or their interpretations or enforcement may also be materially adverse to Fifth Third and its shareholders or may require Fifth Third to expend significant time and resources to comply with such requirements.  
 Fifth Third cannot predict whether any pending or future legislation will be adopted or the substance and impact of any such
new legislation on Fifth Third. Changes in regulation could affect Fifth Third in a substantial way and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, legislation or regulatory reform could
affect the behaviors of third parties that Fifth Third deals with in the course of business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. The extent to which Fifth Third can adjust its strategies to offset such adverse impacts also is
not known at this time.    In addition, changes in laws or regulations that affect Fifth Third’s customers and
business partners could negatively affect Fifth Third’s revenues and expenses. Certain changes in laws such as recent tax law reforms that impose limitations on the deductibility of interest may decrease the demand for Fifth Third’s
products or services and could negatively affect its revenues and results of operations. Other changes in laws or regulations could cause Fifth Third’s third-party service providers
 

  
and other vendors to increase the prices they charge to Fifth Third and negatively affect Fifth Third’s expenses and financial results.  
 Fifth Third is subject to various regulatory requirements that may limit its operations and potential growth.  
 Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions and their holding
companies, the FRB, the FDIC, the CFPB and the Division have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions by the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank. The Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank are subject to such supervisory authority and, more generally,
must, in certain instances, obtain prior regulatory approval before engaging in certain activities or corporate decisions. There can be no assurance that such approvals, if required, would be forthcoming or that such approvals would be granted in a
timely manner. Failure to receive any such approval, if required, could limit or impair the Bancorp’s operations, restrict its growth, ability to compete, innovate or participate in industry consolidation and/or affect its dividend policy. Such
actions and activities subject to prior approval include, but are not limited to, increasing dividends or capital distributions by the Bancorp or Fifth Third Bank, entering into a merger or acquisition transaction, acquiring or establishing new
branches, and entering into certain new businesses.    Failure by the Bancorp or Fifth Third Bank to meet the applicable
eligibility requirements for FHC status (including capital and management requirements and that Fifth Third Bank maintain at least a “Satisfactory” CRA rating) may result in restrictions on certain activities of the Bancorp, including the
commencement of new activities and mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions and could ultimately result in the loss of financial holding company status.  
 Fifth Third and other financial institutions are subject to scrutiny from government authorities, including bank regulatory
authorities, stemming from broader systemic regulatory concerns, including with respect to stress testing, liquidity and capital levels, asset quality, provisioning, AML/BSA, consumer compliance and other prudential matters and efforts to ensure
that financial institutions take steps to improve their risk management and prevent future crises.    In this regard,
government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement, are also pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks
associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith.
The government enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against
banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices.  
 In some cases, regulatory agencies may take supervisory actions that may not be publicly disclosed, which restrict or limit
a financial institution. Finally, as part of Fifth Third’s regular examination process, the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank’s respective regulators may advise it and its banking subsidiary to operate under various restrictions as a prudential
matter. Such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could negatively affect Fifth Third’s ability to engage in new activities and certain transactions, as well as have a material adverse effect on Fifth
Third’s business and results of operations and may not be publicly disclosed.    

      30  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  Fifth Third could face serious negative consequences if its third-party service
providers, business partners or investments fail to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations.    Fifth Third is expected to
oversee the legal and regulatory compliance of its business endeavors, including those performed by third-party service providers, business partners, other vendors and certain companies in which Fifth Third has invested. Legal authorities and
regulators could hold Fifth Third responsible for failures by these parties to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. These failures could expose Fifth Third to significant litigation or regulatory action that could limit its activities
or impose significant fines or other financial losses. Additionally, Fifth Third could be subject to significant litigation from consumers or other parties harmed by these failures and could suffer significant losses of business and revenue, as well
as reputational harm as a result of these failures.    As a regulated entity, the Bancorp is subject to certain capital requirements
that may limit its operations and potential growth.    As a BHC and an FHC, the Bancorp is subject to the comprehensive,
consolidated supervision and regulation of the FRB, including risk-based and leverage capital requirements, investment practices, dividend policy and growth. The Bancorp must maintain certain risk-based and leverage capital ratios as required by the
FRB which can change depending upon general economic conditions and the Bancorp’s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. Compliance with the capital requirements, including leverage ratios, may limit operations that require the
intensive use of capital and could adversely affect the Bancorp’s ability to expand or maintain present business levels.  
 U.S. federal banking agencies’ capital rules implementing Basel III became effective for the Bancorp on January 1,
2015, subject to  phase-in  periods for certain components and other provisions. The need to maintain more and higher quality capital as well as greater liquidity could limit Fifth Third’s business
activities, including lending and the ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions as well as the ability to make capital distributions. Moreover, although the capital requirements are being phased in over time, U.S. federal banking
agencies take into account expectations regarding the ability of banks to meet the capital requirements, including under stressed conditions, in approving actions that represent uses of capital, such as dividend increases and share repurchases.  
 Failure by Fifth Third Bank to meet applicable capital requirements could subject it to a variety of enforcement remedies
available to the federal regulatory authorities. These include limitations on the ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase shares, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a capital directive to increase capital and the termination of deposit
insurance by the FDIC.    The Bancorp’s ability to pay or increase dividends on its common stock or to repurchase its capital
stock is restricted.    The Bancorp’s ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock is subject to regulatory requirements and
the need to meet regulatory expectations. As part of CCAR, the Bancorp’s capital plan is subject to an annual assessment by the FRB, and the FRB may object to the Bancorp’s capital plan if the Bancorp does not demonstrate an ability to
maintain capital above the minimum
 

  
regulatory capital ratios under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. If the FRB objects to the Bancorp’s capital plan, it would be subject to
limitations on its ability to make capital distributions (including paying dividends and repurchasing stock).    Regulation of Fifth
Third by the CFTC imposes additional operational and compliance costs.    The CFTC and SEC regulate the U.S. derivatives markets
pursuant to the authority provided under Title VII of Dodd-Frank. While most of the provisions related to derivatives markets are now in effect, several additional requirements await final regulations from the relevant regulatory agencies for
derivatives, the CFTC and the SEC. One aspect of this regulatory regime for derivatives is that substantial oversight responsibility has been provided to the CFTC, which, as a result, now has a meaningful supervisory role with respect to some of
Fifth Third’s businesses. In 2014, Fifth Third Bank provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC and became subject to new substantive requirements, including real time trade reporting and robust record keeping requirements, business
conduct requirements (including daily valuations, disclosure of material risks associated with swaps and disclosure of material incentives and conflicts of interest) and mandatory clearing and exchange trading of all standardized swaps designated by
the relevant regulatory agencies as required to be cleared. Although the ultimate impact will depend on the promulgation of all final regulations, Fifth Third’s derivatives activity is subject to FRB margin requirements and may also be subject
to capital requirements specific to this derivatives activity. These requirements will collectively impose implementation and ongoing compliance burdens on Fifth Third and will introduce additional legal risk (including as a result of newly
applicable antifraud and anti-manipulation provisions and private rights of action). Once finalized, the rules may raise the costs and liquidity burden associated with Fifth Third’s derivatives activities and could have an adverse effect on its
business, financial condition and results of operations.    Deposit insurance premiums levied against Fifth Third Bank may increase
if the number of bank failures increase or the cost of resolving failed banks increases.    The FDIC maintains a DIF to protect
insured depositors in the event of bank failures. The DIF is funded by fees assessed on insured depository institutions including Fifth Third Bank. Future deposit premiums paid by Fifth Third Bank depend on FDIC rules, which are subject to change,
the level of the DIF and the magnitude and cost of future bank failures. Fifth Third Bank may be required to pay significantly higher FDIC premiums if market developments change such that the DIF balance is reduced or the FDIC changes its rules to
require higher premiums.    If an orderly liquidation of a systemically important BHC or
 non-bank  financial company were triggered, Fifth Third could face assessments for the Orderly Liquidation Fund.  
 Dodd-Frank created authority for the orderly liquidation of systemically important BHCs and  non-bank 
financial companies and is based on the FDIC’s bank resolution model. The Secretary of the U.S. Treasury may trigger liquidation under this authority only after consultation with the President of the United States and after receiving a
recommendation from the board of the FDIC and the FRB upon a  two-thirds  vote. Liquidation proceedings will be funded by the Orderly Liquidation Fund established under Dodd-Frank, which will borrow from the
U.S. Treasury and impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies.    

      31  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
Risk-based assessments would be made, first, on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess and second, if
necessary, on, among others, bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as Fifth Third. Any such assessments may adversely affect Fifth Third’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
   MARKET RISKS    The
replacement of LIBOR could adversely affect Fifth Third’s revenue or expenses and the value of those assets or obligations.  
 LIBOR and certain other “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals
for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR,
publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. The announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot be guaranteed after 2021. While there is no consensus
on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, a group of large banks, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee or ARRC, selected and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York started in May 2018 to publish the Secured Overnight Finance
Rate or SOFR as an alternative to LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities, given the depth and robustness of the U.S. Treasury repurchase market. Furthermore, the Bank of England
has commenced publication of a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average or SONIA, comprised of a broader set of overnight Sterling money market transactions, as of April 23, 2018. The SONIA has been recommended as the alternative to Sterling
LIBOR by the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates. At this time, it is impossible to predict whether SOFR and SONIA will become accepted alternatives to LIBOR.  
 The market transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate, including SOFR or SONIA, is complex and could have a
range of adverse effects on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, any such transition could:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, and the revenue and expenses associated with, the
Bancorp’s floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, or other securities or financial arrangements given LIBOR’s role in determining market interest rates globally;
 
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   adversely affect the value of the Bancorp’s floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives and
other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, or other securities or financial arrangements given LIBOR’s role in determining market interest rates globally;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of the Bancorp’s preparation and readiness
for the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and
 


 
 
   
   
enforceability of certain fallback language in LIBOR-based securities; and  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   require the transition to or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition the
Bancorp’s risk management processes from LIBOR-based products to those based on the applicable alternative pricing benchmark, such as SOFR or reformed SONIA.  
 The manner and impact of this transition, as well as the effect of these developments on Fifth Third’s funding costs,
loan and investment and trading securities portfolios, asset-liability management, and business, is uncertain.    Weakness in the
U.S. economy, including within Fifth Third’s geographic footprint, has adversely affected Fifth Third in the past and may adversely affect Fifth Third in the future.  
 If the strength of the U.S. economy in general or the strength of the local economies in which Fifth Third conducts operations declines, this
could result in, among other things, a decreased demand for Fifth Third’s products and services, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit, including a resultant effect on Fifth Third’s loan portfolio and ALLL and in
the receipt of lower proceeds from the sale of loans and foreclosed properties. These factors could result in higher delinquencies, greater charge-offs and increased losses in future periods, which could materially adversely affect Fifth
Third’s financial condition and results of operations.    Global political and economic uncertainties and changes may adversely
affect Fifth Third.    Global financial markets, including the United States, face political and economic uncertainties that may
delay investment and hamper economic activity. International events such as trade disputes, separatist movements, leadership changes and political and military conflicts could adversely affect global financial activity and markets and could
negatively affect the U.S. economy. Additionally, the FRB and other major central banks have begun the process of removing or reducing monetary accommodation, increasing the risk of recession and may also negatively impact asset values and credit
spreads that were impacted by extraordinary monetary stimulus. These potential negative effects on financial markets and economic activity could lead to reduced revenues, increased costs, increased credit risks and volatile markets, and could
negatively impact Fifth Third’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition.    Changes in interest rates could
affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows.    Fifth Third’s income and cash flows depend to a great extent on the
difference between the interest rates earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities and the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many
factors that are beyond Fifth Third’s control, including general economic conditions in the U.S. or abroad and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies (in particular, the FRB). Changes in monetary policy, including changes
in interest rates, will influence the origination of loans, the prepayment speed of loans, the purchase of investments, the generation of deposits and the rates received on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits or other sources of
funding as well as customers’ ability to repay loans.    

      32  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
The impact of these changes may be magnified if Fifth Third does not effectively manage the relative sensitivity of its assets and liabilities to changes in market interest rates. Fluctuations in
these areas may adversely affect Fifth Third, its customers and its shareholders.    Changes and trends in the capital markets may
affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows.    Fifth Third enters into and maintains trading and investment positions in the
capital markets on its own behalf and manages investment positions on behalf of its customers. These investment positions include derivative financial instruments. The revenues and profits Fifth Third derives from managing proprietary and customer
trading and investment positions are dependent on market prices. Market changes and trends may result in a decline in wealth and asset management revenue or investment or trading losses that may impact Fifth Third. Losses on behalf of its customers
could expose Fifth Third to reputational issues, litigation, credit risks or loss of revenue from those clients and customers. Additionally, losses in Fifth Third’s trading and investment positions could lead to a loss with respect to those
investments and may adversely affect Fifth Third’s income, cash flows and funding costs.    Fifth Third’s stock price is
volatile.    Fifth Third’s stock price has been volatile in the past and several factors could cause the price to fluctuate
substantially in the future. These factors include, without limitation:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Actual or anticipated variations in earnings;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Fifth Third’s announcements of developments related to its businesses;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Actions by government regulators and changes in the regulatory regime;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   New technology used or services offered by traditional and
 non-traditional  competitors;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   News reports of trends, concerns and other issues related to the financial services industry;
 
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   U.S. and global economic conditions;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Natural disasters;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism, military conflicts and withdrawal from the EU
by the U.K. or other EU members.    The price for shares of Fifth Third’s common stock may
fluctuate significantly in the future and these fluctuations may be unrelated to Fifth Third’s performance. General market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price for shares of Fifth Third’s
common stock and the current market price of such shares may not be indicative of future market prices.    Fifth Third’s
mortgage banking net revenue can be volatile from quarter to quarter.    Fifth Third earns revenue from the fees it receives for
originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans tends to fall, reducing the revenue Fifth Third receives from loan originations. At the same time, revenue from MSRs can increase through
increases in fair value. When rates fall, mortgage originations tend to increase and the value of MSRs tends to decline, also with some offsetting revenue
 

  
effect. Even though the origination of mortgage loans can act as a “natural hedge,” the hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For example, the negative effect on revenue
from a decrease in the fair value of residential MSRs is immediate, but any offsetting revenue benefit from more originations and the MSRs relating to the new loans would accrue over time. It is also possible that even if interest rates were to
fall, mortgage originations may also fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs value caused by the lower rates.  
 Fifth Third typically uses derivatives and other instruments to hedge its mortgage banking interest rate risk. Fifth Third
generally does not hedge all of its risks and the fact that Fifth Third attempts to hedge any of the risks does not mean Fifth Third will be successful. Hedging is a complex process, requiring sophisticated models and constant monitoring. Fifth
Third may use hedging instruments tied to U.S. Treasury rates, LIBOR or Eurodollars that may not perfectly correlate with the value or income being hedged. Fifth Third could incur significant losses from its hedging activities. There may be periods
where Fifth Third elects not to use derivatives and other instruments to hedge mortgage banking interest rate risk.    LEGAL RISKS  
 Fifth Third and/or its affiliates are or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, investigations and
litigation, regulatory or other enforcement proceedings by various governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, as well as self-regulatory agencies which may lead to adverse consequences.  
 Fifth Third and/or its affiliates are or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and
proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, as well as self-regulatory agencies, regarding their respective customers and businesses, as well as their sales practices, data security,
product offerings, compensation practices and other compliance issues. Also, a violation of law or regulation by another financial institution may give rise to an inquiry or investigation by regulators or other authorities of the same or similar
practices by Fifth Third. In addition, the complexity of the federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes in the U.S. means that a single event or topic may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and regulatory proceedings. In
addition, Fifth Third and certain of its directors and officers have been named from time to time as defendants in various class actions and other litigation relating to Fifth Third’s business and activities, as well as regulatory or other
enforcement proceedings. Past, present and future litigation have included or could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Enforcement authorities may seek admissions of
wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters and any such resolution of a matter involving Fifth Third which could lead to increased exposure to private litigation, could adversely affect Fifth Third’s
reputation and could result in limitations on Fifth Third’s ability to do business in certain jurisdictions.    

      33  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  Each of the matters described above may result in material adverse
consequences, including without limitation, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other actions, amendments and/or restatements of Fifth Third’s SEC filings and/or financial statements, as applicable, and/or
determinations of material weaknesses in its disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, responding to information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the matter, could be
time-consuming and expensive.    Like other large financial institutions and companies, Fifth Third is also subject to
risk from potential employee misconduct, including  non-compliance  with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory or other
enforcement action against Fifth Third could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations and/or cause significant reputational harm to its business. The outcome of lawsuits and regulatory proceedings may be
difficult to predict or estimate. Although Fifth Third establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can
be reasonably estimated, Fifth Third does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts
accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to Fifth Third from the legal proceedings in question. Thus, Fifth Third’s ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which
could adversely affect Fifth Third’s results of operations.    In addition, there has been a trend of public
settlements with governmental agencies that may adversely affect other financial institutions, to the extent such settlements are used as a template for future settlements. The uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to
estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and actual settlements or penalties.  
 For further information on specific legal and regulatory proceedings refer to Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.    Fifth Third may be required to repurchase residential mortgage loans or reimburse investors and others as a result of
breaches in contractual representations and warranties.    Fifth Third sells residential mortgage loans to various parties,
including GSEs and other financial institutions that purchase residential mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. Fifth Third may be required to repurchase residential mortgage loans, indemnify the securitization trust,
investor or insurer, or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a specified period (usually 60 days
or less) after Fifth Third receives notice of the breach. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied to inadequate responses to repurchase requests. If
economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or future investor repurchase demand and Fifth Third’s success at appealing repurchase requests differ from past experience, Fifth Third could have increased repurchase obligations and
increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring material additions to the repurchase reserve.
 
  STRATEGIC RISKS  
 If Fifth Third does not respond to intense competition and rapid changes in the financial services industry or otherwise adapt to
changing customer preferences, its financial performance may suffer.    Fifth Third’s ability to deliver strong financial
performance and returns on investment to shareholders will depend in part on its ability to expand the scope of available financial services to meet the needs and demands of its customers. In addition to the challenge of competing against other
banks in attracting and retaining customers for traditional banking services, Fifth Third’s competitors also include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors and specialty finance, telecommunications, technology and
insurance companies as well as large retailers who seek to offer  one-stop  financial services in addition to other products and services desired by consumers that may include services that banks have not been
able or allowed to offer to their customers in the past or may not be currently able or allowed to offer. Many of these other firms may be significantly larger than Fifth Third and may have access to customers and financial resources that are beyond
Fifth Third’s capability. Fifth Third competes with these firms with respect to capital, access to capital, revenue generation, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price.  
 This increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in customer preferences, regulation, changes in
technology and product delivery systems, as well as the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. Rapidly changing technology and consumer preferences may require Fifth Third to effectively implement new technology-driven
products and services in order to compete and meet customer demands. Fifth Third may not be able to do so or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. As a result, Fifth Third’s ability to effectively compete to
retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and its business, financial condition or results of operations, may be adversely affected.  
 Fifth Third may make strategic investments and may expand an existing line of business or enter into new lines of business
to remain competitive. If Fifth Third’s chosen strategies, for example, the NorthStar Strategy initiatives, are not appropriate to allow Fifth Third to effectively compete or Fifth Third does not execute them in an appropriate or timely manner,
Fifth Third’s business and results may suffer. Additionally, these strategies, products and lines of business may bring with them unforeseeable or unforeseen risks and may not generate the expected results or returns, which could adversely
affect Fifth Third’s results of operations or future growth prospects and cause Fifth Third to fail to meet its stated goals and expectations.  
 Changes in retail distribution strategies and consumer behavior may adversely impact Fifth Third’s investments in its bank
premises and equipment and other assets and may lead to increased expenditures to change its retail distribution channel.    Fifth
Third has significant investments in bank premises and equipment for its branch network including its 1,121 full-service banking centers and 28 parcels of land held for the development of future banking centers of which 15 properties are developed
or in the process of being developed as branches, as well as its retail work force and other branch banking assets.
   

      34  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  
Advances in technology such as  e-commerce,  telephone, internet and mobile banking, and  in-branch  self-service
technologies including automatic teller machines and other equipment, as well as changing customer preferences for these other methods of accessing Fifth Third’s products and services, could affect the value of Fifth Third’s branch network
or other retail distribution assets and may cause it to change its retail distribution strategy, close and/or sell certain branches or parcels of land held for development and restructure or reduce its remaining branches and work force. Further
advances in technology and/or changes in customer preferences could have additional changes in Fifth Third’s retail distribution strategy and/or branch network. These actions could lead to losses on these assets or could adversely impact the
carrying value of other long-lived assets and may lead to increased expenditures to renovate and reconfigure remaining branches or to otherwise reform its retail distribution channel.  
 Difficulties in identifying suitable opportunities or combining the operations of acquired entities or assets with Fifth Third’s
own operations or assessing the effectiveness of businesses in which we make strategic investments or with which we enter into strategic contractual relationships may prevent Fifth Third from achieving the expected benefits from these acquisitions,
investments or relationships.    Inherent uncertainties exist when assessing, acquiring or integrating the operations of another
business or investment or relationship opportunity. Fifth Third may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies relevant to an acquisition or strategic relationship. In addition, the markets and
industries in which Fifth Third and its potential acquisition and investment targets operate are highly competitive. Acquisition or investment targets may lose customers or otherwise perform poorly or unprofitably, or in the case of an acquired
business or strategic relationship, cause Fifth Third to lose customers or perform poorly or unprofitably. Future acquisition and investment activities and efforts to monitor newly acquired businesses or reap the benefits of a new strategic
relationship may require Fifth Third to devote substantial time and resources and may cause these acquisitions, investments and relationships to be unprofitable or cause Fifth Third to be unable to pursue other business opportunities.  
 After completing an acquisition, Fifth Third may find that certain material information was not adequately disclosed during
the due diligence process or that certain items were not accounted for properly in accordance with financial accounting and reporting standards. Fifth Third may also not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results
pertaining to the acquired entity or assets. For example, Fifth Third could experience higher charge-offs than originally anticipated related to the acquired loan portfolio. Additionally, acquired companies or businesses may increase Fifth
Third’s risk of regulatory action or restrictions related to the operations of the acquired business.    Future acquisitions may
dilute current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third and may cause Fifth Third to become more susceptible to adverse economic events.  
 Future business acquisitions could be material to Fifth Third and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which
would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests. Acquisitions also could require Fifth Third to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or to incur debt. In those events, Fifth Third could become more susceptible to economic
downturns, dislocations in capital markets and competitive pressures.
 
  Fifth Third may sell or consider selling one or more of its businesses or investments.
Should it determine to sell such a business or investment, it may not be able to generate gains on sale or related increase in shareholders’ equity commensurate with desirable levels. Moreover, if Fifth Third sold such businesses or
investments, the loss of income could have an adverse effect on its earnings and future growth.    Fifth Third owns, or owns a
minority stake in, as applicable, several  non-strategic  businesses, investments and other assets that are not significantly synergistic with its core financial services businesses or, in the future, may no
longer be aligned with Fifth Third’s strategic plans or regulatory expectations. If Fifth Third were to sell one or more of its businesses or investments, it would be subject to market forces that may affect the timing, pricing or result in an
unsuccessful sale. If Fifth Third were to complete the sale of any of its businesses, investments and/or interests in third parties, it would lose the income from the sold businesses and/or interests, including those accounted for under the equity
method of accounting, and such loss of income could have an adverse effect on its future earnings and growth. Additionally, Fifth Third may encounter difficulties in separating the operations of any businesses it sells, which may affect its business
or results of operations.    GENERAL BUSINESS RISKS  
 Changes in accounting standards or interpretations could impact Fifth Third’s reported earnings and financial condition.
   The accounting standard setters, including the FASB, the SEC and other regulatory agencies, periodically change the financial
accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of Fifth Third’s consolidated financial statements. For example, in June 2016, the FASB issued a new current expected credit loss rule, which will require banks to record, at the
time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of the asset portfolio on loans and  held-to-maturity  securities, as opposed to the current practice of
recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. For additional information, refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how Fifth Third
records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Fifth Third could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the recasting of Fifth Third’s prior period financial
statements.    Fifth Third uses models for business planning purposes that may not adequately predict future results.  
 Fifth Third uses financial models to aid in its planning for various purposes including its capital and liquidity needs and other purposes.
The models used may not accurately account for all variables and may fail to predict outcomes accurately and/or may overstate or understate certain effects. As a result of these potential failures, Fifth Third may not adequately prepare for future
events and may suffer losses or other setbacks due to these failures.    Also, information Fifth Third provides to the
public or to its regulators based on models could be inaccurate or misleading due to inadequate design or implementation, for example. Decisions that its regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to its shareholders, could be
affected adversely due to the perception that the models used to generate the relevant information are unreliable or inadequate.
   

      35  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  The preparation of financial statements requires Fifth Third to make subjective
determinations and use estimates that may vary from actual results and materially impact its results of operations or financial position.  
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make significant estimates that
affect the financial statements. If new information arises that results in a material change to a reserve amount, such a change could result in a change to previously announced financial results. Refer to the Critical Accounting Policies section of
MD&A for more information regarding management’s significant estimates.    Weather-related events or other natural disasters
may have an effect on the performance of Fifth Third’s loan portfolios, especially in its coastal markets, thereby adversely impacting its results of operations.  
 Fifth Third’s footprint stretches from the upper Midwestern to lower Southeastern regions of the United States and it has offices in many
other areas of the country. Some of these regions have experienced weather events including hurricanes, tornadoes, fires and other natural disasters. The nature and level of these events and the impact of global climate change upon their frequency
and severity cannot be predicted. If large scale events occur, they may significantly impact its loan portfolios by damaging properties pledged as collateral as well as impairing its borrowers’ ability to repay their loans.  
 Fifth Third is exposed to reputational risk.  
 Fifth Third’s actual or alleged conduct in activities, such as certain sales and lending practices, data security, corporate governance
and acquisitions, behavior of employees, association with particular customers, business partners, investment or vendors, as well as developments from any of the other risks described above, may result in negative public opinion and may damage Fifth
Third’s reputation. Actions taken by government regulators, shareholder activists and community organizations may also damage Fifth Third’s reputation. Additionally, whereas negative public opinion once was primarily driven by adverse news
coverage in traditional media, the advent and expansion of social media facilitates the rapid dissemination of information or misinformation. Though Fifth Third monitors social media channels, the potential remains for rapid and widespread
dissemination of inaccurate, misleading or false information that could damage Fifth Third’s reputation. Negative public opinion can adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to attract and keep customers and can increase the risk that it
will be a target of litigation and regulatory action.    RISKS RELATED TO MERGER WITH MB FINANCIAL, INC. (“MB FINANCIAL”)
   The acquisition of MB Financial will dilute current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third and may cause Fifth Third to
become more susceptible to adverse economic events.    Fifth Third will issue a substantial number of additional shares of stock in
its merger with MB Financial, which will dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests and increase Fifth Third’s dividend payments. Fifth Third will also use substantial cash or other liquid assets or incur debt to fund the merger.
This liquidity need combined with 2019 maturities and liquidity needed to satisfy rating agency requirements will elevate capital markets execution risk. As a result, Fifth Third could become more
 

  
susceptible to economic downturns, market conditions and competitive pressures.  
 Fifth Third and MB Financial will incur transaction and integration costs in connection with the merger.  
 Each of Fifth Third and MB Financial has incurred and expects that it will incur additional significant,
 non-recurring  costs in connection with consummating the merger. In addition, Fifth Third will incur additional integration costs following the completion of the merger as Fifth Third integrates the businesses
of the two companies, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. There can be no assurances that the expected benefits and efficiencies related to the combined businesses will be realized to offset these
transaction and integration costs over time.    Fifth Third may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger and may face
increased risks as a result of it.    Inherent uncertainties exist when assessing, acquiring, or integrating the operations of
another business or investment or relationship opportunity. Fifth Third may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in its acquisition of MB Financial, Inc. Additionally, Fifth Third may face
additional risks as a result of the acquisition.    The success of the merger, including anticipated benefits and cost
savings, will depend on, among other things, Fifth Third’s ability to combine the businesses of Fifth Third and MB Financial in a manner that permits growth opportunities, including, among other things, enhanced revenues and revenue synergies,
an expanded market reach and operating efficiencies, and does not materially disrupt the existing customer relationships of Fifth Third or MB Financial or result in decreased revenues due to any loss of customers. If Fifth Third is not able to
successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases
in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.  
 Employees that Fifth Third wishes to retain may elect to terminate their employment as a result of the merger, which could
delay or disrupt the integration process. It is possible that the integration process could result in the disruption of Fifth Third’s or MB Financial’s ongoing businesses or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and
policies that adversely affect the ability of Fifth Third or MB Financial to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger.  
 After completing the acquisition, Fifth Third may find that certain material information was not adequately disclosed during
the due diligence process or that certain items were not accounted for properly in accordance with financial accounting and reporting standards. Fifth Third may also not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition and may face increased risks
pertaining to the acquired entity or assets. For example, Fifth Third could experience greater credit risk and higher charge-offs than originally anticipated related to the acquired loan portfolio. Additionally, the acquisition may increase Fifth
Third’s compliance and legal risks including increased litigation or regulatory actions such as fines or restrictions related to the business practices or operations of the acquired business.
   

      36  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose
conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met.    Before the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement can
be completed, various approvals must be obtained from the bank regulatory and other governmental authorities. In deciding whether to grant these approvals, the relevant governmental entities will consider a variety of factors, including the
regulatory standing of each of the parties and the effect of the merger on competition. An adverse development in either party’s regulatory standing or other factors could result in an inability to obtain one or more of the required regulatory
approvals or delay receipt of required approvals.    The FRB has stated that if supervisory issues arise during processing
of an application for approval of a merger transaction, a banking organization will be expected to withdraw its application pending resolution of such supervisory concerns. Accordingly, if there is an adverse development in either party’s
regulatory standing, Fifth Third may be required to withdraw its application for approval of the proposed merger and, if possible, resubmit it after the applicable supervisory concerns have been resolved.  
 The terms of the approvals that are granted may impose conditions, limitations, obligations or costs, or place restrictions
on the conduct of the combined company’s business or require changes to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose any such conditions, limitations, obligations
or restrictions and that such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, imposing additional material costs on or
materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or otherwise reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger if the merger were consummated successfully within the expected timeframe. Nor can there be any assurance that
any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. Additionally, the completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain orders, injunctions or decrees by any court or
regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.  
 Fifth Third and MB Financial believe that the proposed merger should not raise significant regulatory concerns and that
Fifth Third will be able to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner. In addition, despite the parties’ commitments to use their reasonable best efforts to comply with conditions imposed by regulatory entities, under the
terms of the merger agreement, Fifth Third and MB Financial will not be required to take actions that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the
merger (measured on a scale relative to MB Financial and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole).    The merger agreement may be
terminated in accordance with its terms and the merger may not be completed.    The merger agreement is subject to a number of
conditions which must be fulfilled in order to complete the transaction. Those conditions include: receipt of requisite regulatory approvals, absence of orders prohibiting completion of any of the proposed transactions, approval of the Fifth Third
common shares to be
 

  
issued in connection with the merger for listing on the NASDAQ, the accuracy of the representations and warranties by both parties (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the merger
agreement), the performance by both parties of their covenants and agreements and the receipt by both parties of legal opinions from their respective tax counsels. These conditions to the closing of the merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner
or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may not be completed. In addition, the parties can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, or Fifth Third or MB Financial may elect to terminate the merger agreement in certain other
circumstances, as set forth in the agreement.    ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS    There are no SEC staff comments regarding Fifth Third’s periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act that are
pending resolution.    ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES  
 The Bancorp’s executive offices and the main office of Fifth Third Bank are located on Fountain Square Plaza in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio
in a  32-story  office tower, a five-story office building with an attached parking garage and a separate  ten-story  office building known as the Fifth Third Center, the
William S. Rowe Building and the 530 Building, respectively. The Bancorp’s main operations campus is located in Cincinnati, Ohio, and is comprised of a three-story building with an attached parking garage known as the George A. Schaefer, Jr.
Operations Center, and a  two-story  building with surface parking known as the Madisonville Office Building. Fifth Third Bank owns 100% of these buildings.  
 At December 31, 2018, the Bancorp, through its banking and  non-banking 
subsidiaries, operated 1,121 banking centers, of which 795 were owned, 224 were leased and 102 for which the buildings are owned but the land is leased. The banking centers are located in the states of Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois,
Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Georgia and North Carolina. The Bancorp’s significant owned properties are owned free from mortgages and major encumbrances.  
 ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
 Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information regarding legal
proceedings, which is incorporated herein by reference.    ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES    Not applicable.
   

      37  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE BANCORP  
 Officers are appointed annually by the Board of Directors at the meeting of Directors immediately following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The names, ages
and positions of the Executive Officers of the Bancorp as of March 1, 2019 are listed below along with their business experience during the past five years:  
 Greg D. Carmichael , 57. Chairman of the Board since February 2018, Chief Executive Officer of the Bancorp since November 2015 and
President since September 2012. Previously, Mr. Carmichael was Chief Operating Officer of the Bancorp from June 2006 to August 2015, Executive Vice President of the Bancorp from June 2006 to September 2012 and Chief Information Officer of the
Bancorp from June 2003 to June 2006.    Lars C. Anderson , 57. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bancorp
since August 2015. Previously, Mr. Anderson was Vice Chairman of Comerica Incorporated and Comerica Bank since December 2010.  
 Frank R. Forrest , 64. Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bancorp since April 2014. Previously, Mr. Forrest
was Executive Vice President and Chief Risk and Credit Officer of the Bancorp since September 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Forrest served with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. From March 2012 until June 2013, Mr. Forrest served as Managing
Director and Quality Control Executive for Legacy Asset Services, a division of Bank of America. From September 2008 until March 2012, Mr. Forrest was Managing Director and Global Debt Products Executive for Global Corporate and Investment
Banking. Formerly from January 2007 to September 2008, Mr. Forrest was Risk Management Executive for Commercial Banking.    Mark D.
Hazel , 53. Senior Vice President and Controller of the Bancorp since February 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Hazel was the Assistant Bancorp Controller since 2006 and was the Controller of Nonbank entities since 2003.  
 James C. Leonard , 49.   Executive Vice President since September 2015 and Treasurer of the Bancorp since October 2013.
Previously, Mr. Leonard was Senior Vice President from October 2013 to September 2015, the Director of Business Planning and Analysis from 2006 to 2013 and the Chief Financial Officer of the Commercial Banking Division from 2001 to 2006.  
 Philip R. McHugh , 54. Executive Vice President of the Bancorp since December 2014, and Head of Regional Banking, Wealth and Asset
Management, and Business Banking of the Bancorp since August 2018. Previously, Mr. McHugh was Executive Vice President of Fifth Third Bank since June 2011 and was Senior Vice President of Fifth Third Bank from June 2010 through June
 

  
2011. Prior to that, Mr. McHugh was the President and CEO of the Louisville Affiliate of Fifth Third Bank from January 2005 through June 2010.  
 Jude A. Schramm , 46. Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since March 2018. Previously, Mr. Schramm served as
Chief Information Officer for GE Aviation and held various positions at GE beginning in 2001.    Robert P. Shaffer , 49. Executive
Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer since February 2017. Previously, Mr. Shaffer was Chief Auditor from August 2007 to February 2017. He was named Executive Vice President in 2010 and Senior Vice President in 2004. Prior to that, he
held various positions within Fifth Third’s audit division.    Timothy N. Spence , 40. Executive Vice President and Head of
Consumer Bank, Payments, and Strategy since August 2018. Previously, Mr. Spence was Head of Payments, Strategy and Digital Solutions since 2017, and Chief Strategy Officer of the Bancorp since September 2015. Previously, Mr. Spence was a
senior partner in the Financial Services practice at Oliver Wyman since 2006, a global strategy and risk management consulting firm.  
 Teresa J. Tanner , 50. Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since September 2015. Previously, Ms. Tanner was
the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of the Bancorp since February 2010 and Senior Vice President and Director of Enterprise Learning since September 2008. Prior to that, she was Human Resources Senior Vice President and
Senior Business Partner for the Information Technology and Central Operations divisions since July 2006. Previously, she was Vice President and Senior Business Partner for Operations since September 2004.  
 Tayfun Tuzun , 54. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bancorp since October 2013. Previously, Mr. Tuzun
was the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Bancorp from December 2011 to October 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Tuzun was the Assistant Treasurer and Balance Sheet Manager of Fifth Third Bancorp. Previously, Mr. Tuzun was the Structured
Finance Manager since 2007.    Susan B. Zaunbrecher , 59. Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary
since May 2018. Previously, Ms. Zaunbrecher was a partner at the law firm Dinsmore and Shohl LLP.    

      38  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART II  
 ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    The Bancorp’s common stock is traded in the  over-the-counter  market and is listed under the symbol “FITB” on the NASDAQ ®  Global Select Market System.  
 See a discussion of dividend limitations that the subsidiaries can pay to the Bancorp discussed in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. Additionally, as of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp had 38,562 shareholders of record.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   


 
     
   
 
 Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
   
   
       Total Number of
Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
   
   
   Maximum Number of     
 Shares that May Yet be     Purchased Under the Plans     or Programs (b)      
   
 
     
   
 
   October 2018 
    
   
 5,904,503 
   
    
 $ 
 26.01     
   
   
   
 5,808,786 
   
   
   
 69,671,828     
   
 
   November 2018 
    
   
 9,141,525 
   
    
   
 27.35     
   
   
   
 9,107,546 
   
   
   
 60,564,282     
   
 
   December 2018 
    
   
 28,849 
   
    
   
 23.41     
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 60,564,282     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 15,074,877 
   
    
 $ 
                     26.82     
   
   
   
 14,916,332 
   
   
   
 60,564,282     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes 158,545 shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2018 in connection with various employee
compensation plans of the Bancorp. These purchases do not count against the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the Board of Directors’ authorization.  
 
 
 (b) 
   During the first quarter of 2018, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized
management to purchase 100 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock through the open market or in any private transactions. The authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date. This share repurchase
authorization replaces the Board’s previous authorization pursuant to which approximately 13 million shares remained available for repurchase by the Bancorp.  
 See further discussion on share repurchase transactions and stock-based compensation in Note 22 and Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      39  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following performance graphs do not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or
incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Bancorp specifically incorporates the performance graphs by reference therein.  
 Total Return Analysis    The graphs below
summarize the cumulative return experienced by the Bancorp’s shareholders over the years 2013 through 2018, and 2008 through 2018, respectively, compared to the S&P 500 Stock and the S&P Banks indices.  
 FIFTH THIRD BANCORP VS. MARKET INDICES      
 


 
        


 
  
      40  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  


 
    2018 ANNUAL REPORT  
 FINANCIAL CONTENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms 
    
   
 42 
   
 
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 43 
   
 
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations 
    
 
 
 
 
   Overview 
    
   
 44 
   
 
   Non-GAAP  Financial
Measures 
    
   
 47 
   
 
   Recent Accounting Standards 
    
   
 49 
   
 
   Critical Accounting Policies 
    
   
 49 
   
 
   Statements of Income Analysis 
    
   
 52 
   
 
   Business Segment Review 
    
   
 60 
   
 
   Fourth Quarter Review 
    
   
 69 
   
 
   Balance Sheet Analysis 
    
   
 72 
   
 
   Risk Management – Overview 
    
   
 78 
   
 
   Credit Risk Management 
    
   
 79 
   
 
   Market Risk Management 
    
   
 93 
   
 
   Liquidity Risk Management 
    
   
 97 
   
 
   Operational Risk Management 
    
   
 99 
   
 
   Compliance Risk Management 
    
   
 99 
   
 
   Capital Management 
    
   
 100 
   
 
   Off-Balance  Sheet
Arrangements 
    
   
 103 
   
 
   Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
    
   
 104 
   
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

    
   
 105 
   
 
   Financial Statements 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 106 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income 
    
   
 107 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 108 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
    
   
 109 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 110 
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting
Policies 
   
 111 
   
 Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
    
   
 160 
   
 
   Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
   
 124 
   
 Related Party Transactions 
    
   
 162 
   
 
   Restrictions on Cash, Dividends and Other Capital Actions 
   
 124 
   
 Income Taxes 
    
   
 165 
   
 
   Investment Securities 
   
 126 
   
 Retirement and Benefit Plans 
    
   
 167 
   
 
   Loans and Leases 
   
 128 
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 171 
   
 
   Credit Quality and the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
   
 130 
   
 Common, Preferred and Treasury Stock 
    
   
 173 
   
 
   Bank Premises and Equipment 
   
 138 
   
 Stock-Based Compensation 
    
   
 174 
   
 
   Goodwill 
   
 139 
   
 Other Noninterest Income and Other Noninterest Expense 
    
   
 178 
   
 
   Intangible Assets 
   
 140 
   
 Earnings Per Share 
    
   
 179 
   
 
   Variable Interest Entities 
   
 141 
   
 Fair Value Measurements 
    
   
 180 
   
 
   Sales of Receivables and Servicing Rights 
   
 144 
   
 Regulatory Capital Requirements and Capital Ratios 
    
   
 190 
   
 
   Derivative Financial Instruments 
   
 146 
   
 Parent Company Financial Statements 
    
   
 191 
   
 
   Other Assets 
   
 151 
   
 Business Segments 
    
   
 193 
   
 
   Short-Term Borrowings 
   
 152 
   
 Pending Acquisition 
    
   
 197 
   
 
   Long-Term Debt 
   
 153 
   
 Subsequent Events 
    
   
 197 
   
 
   Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees 
   
 156 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Management’s Assertion as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over
 Financial Reporting 
   
 198 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   
 199 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Ten Year Comparison 
   
 206 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Directors and Officers 
   
   207 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Information 
   
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
      41  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS  
 Fifth Third Bancorp provides the following list of abbreviations and acronyms as a tool for the reader that are used in Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   ALCO:  Asset Liability Management Committee 
 ALLL:  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   AOCI: 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   APR:  Annual Percentage Rate 
 ARM:  Adjustable Rate Mortgage   ASF:  Available
Stable Funding   ASU:  Accounting Standards Update 
 ATM:  Automated Teller Machine     BCBS : Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision   BHC:  Bank Holding Company   
 BHCA:  Bank Holding Company Act   BOLI:  Bank Owned
Life Insurance   BPO:  Broker Price Opinion   bps: 
Basis Points   CCAR:  Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 CDC:  Fifth Third Community Development Corporation 
 CET1:  Common Equity Tier 1   CFPB:  United States
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   CRA:  Community Reinvestment Act 
 C&I:  Commercial and Industrial   DCF: 
Discounted Cash Flow   DFA:  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform & Consumer Protection Act 
 DTCC:  Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation 
 DTI:   Debt-to-Income 
 ERM:  Enterprise Risk Management   ERMC:  Enterprise
Risk Management Committee   EVE:  Economic Value of Equity 
 FASB:  Financial Accounting Standards Board   FDIC:
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation   FFIEC:  Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council 
 FHA:  Federal Housing Administration   FHLB:  Federal
Home Loan Bank   FHLMC:  Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 FICA:  Federal Insurance Contributions Act   FICO:
 Fair Isaac Corporation (credit rating)   FINRA:  Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
 FNMA:  Federal National Mortgage Association   FOMC: 
Federal Open Market Committee   FRB:  Federal Reserve Bank 
 FTE:  Fully Taxable Equivalent   FTP:  Funds Transfer
Pricing   FTS:  Fifth Third Securities   GDP: 
Gross Domestic Product   GNMA:  Government National Mortgage Association 
 GSE:  United States Government Sponsored Enterprise 
 HQLA:  High Quality Liquid Assets   IPO:  Initial
Public Offering 
   
   IRC:
 Internal Revenue Code   IRLC:  Interest Rate Lock Commitment 
 IRS:  Internal Revenue Service   ISDA:  International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.   LCR:  Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 LIBOR:  London Interbank Offered Rate   LIHTC:   Low-Income  Housing Tax Credit   LLC:  Limited Liability Company 
 LTV:  Loan-to-Value 
 MD&A:  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 MSA:  Metropolitan Statistical Area   MSR:  Mortgage
Servicing Right   N/A:  Not Applicable   NAV:  Net
Asset Value   NII:  Net Interest Income   NM:  Not
Meaningful   NPR:  Notice of Proposed Rulemaking 
 NSFR:  Net Stable Funding Ratio   OAS: 
Option-Adjusted Spread   OCC:  Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 OCI:  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   OREO:
 Other Real Estate Owned   OTTI:  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
 PCA:  Prompt Corrective Action   PSA:  Performance
Share Award   RCC:  Risk Compliance Committee 
 RSA:  Restricted Stock Award   RSF:  Required Stable
Funding   RSU:  Restricted Stock Unit   SAR:  Stock
Appreciation Right   SBA:  Small Business Administration 
 SCB:  Stress Capital Buffer   SEC:  United States
Securities and Exchange Commission   SLB:  Stress Leverage Buffer 
 TBA:  To Be Announced   TCJA:  Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act   TDR:  Troubled Debt Restructuring   TILA: 
Truth in Lending Act   TRA:  Tax Receivable Agreement 
 TruPS:  Trust Preferred Securities   U.S.:  United
States of America   U.S. GAAP:  United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 VA:  United States Department of Veterans Affairs   VIE:
 Variable Interest Entity   VRDN:  Variable Rate Demand Note 
 
      42  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 As of and for the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except for per share data) 
   
       2018     
   
   
     2017 (j)     
 
   
   
     2016 (j)     
 
   
   
     2015 (j)     
 
   
   
     2014 (j)     
     


 
   Income Statement Data 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income (U.S. GAAP) 
   
 $ 
 4,140 
   
   
   
 3,798 
   
   
   
 3,615  
   
   
   
 3,533  
   
   
   
 3,579     
   
 
   Net interest income
(FTE) (a)(b) 
   
   
 4,156 
   
   
   
 3,824 
   
   
   
 3,640  
   
   
   
 3,554  
   
   
   
 3,600     
   
 
   Noninterest income 
   
   
 2,790 
   
   
   
 3,224 
   
   
   
 2,696  
   
   
   
 3,003  
   
   
   
 2,473     
   
 
   Total revenue (a) 
   
   
 6,946 
   
   
   
 7,048 
   
   
   
 6,336  
   
   
   
 6,557  
   
   
   
 6,073     
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
   
   
 237 
   
   
   
 261 
   
   
   
 343  
   
   
   
 396  
   
   
   
 315     
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
   
   
 3,928 
   
   
   
 3,782 
   
   
   
 3,760  
   
   
   
 3,647  
   
   
   
 3,592     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Bancorp 
   
   
 2,193 
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
   
   
 1,547  
   
   
   
 1,685  
   
   
   
 1,451     
   
 
   Net income available to common shareholders 
   
   
 2,118 
   
   
   
 2,105 
   
   
   
 1,472  
   
   
   
 1,610  
   
   
   
 1,384     
   
 
   Common Share Data 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per share - basic 
   
 $ 
 3.11 
   
   
   
 2.86 
   
   
   
 1.92  
   
   
   
 2.00  
   
   
   
 1.65     
   
 
   Earnings per share - diluted 
   
   
 3.06 
   
   
   
 2.81 
   
   
   
 1.91  
   
   
   
 1.97  
   
   
   
 1.63     
   
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 0.74 
   
   
   
 0.60 
   
   
   
 0.53  
   
   
   
 0.52  
   
   
   
 0.51     
   
 
   Book value per share 
   
   
 23.07 
   
   
   
 21.43 
   
   
   
 19.62  
   
   
   
 18.31  
   
   
   
 17.22     
   
 
   Market value per share 
   
   
 23.53 
   
   
   
 30.34 
   
   
   
 26.97  
   
   
   
 20.10  
   
   
   
 20.38     
   
 
   Financial Ratios 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Return on average assets 
   
   
 1.54 
 %  
   
   
 1.55 
   
   
   
 1.09  
   
   
   
 1.20  
   
   
   
 1.10     
   
 
   Return on average common equity 
   
   
 14.5 
   
   
   
 13.9 
   
   
   
 9.7  
   
   
   
 11.2  
   
   
   
 9.9     
   
 
   Return on average tangible common
equity (b) 
   
   
 17.5 
   
   
   
 16.6 
   
   
   
 11.6  
   
   
   
 13.5  
   
   
   
 12.0     
   
 
   Dividend payout 
   
   
 23.8 
   
   
   
 21.0 
   
   
   
 27.6  
   
   
   
 26.0  
   
   
   
 30.9     
   
 
   Average total Bancorp shareholders’ equity as a percent of average assets 
   
   
 11.23 
   
   
   
 11.69 
   
   
   
 11.57  
   
   
   
 11.24  
   
   
   
 11.53     
   
 
   Tangible common equity as a percent of tangible assets (b)(i) 
   
   
 8.71 
   
   
   
 8.83 
   
   
   
 8.77  
   
   
   
 8.50  
   
   
   
 8.36     
   
 
   Net interest margin (a)(b) 
   
   
 3.22 
   
   
   
 3.03 
   
   
   
 2.88  
   
   
   
 2.88  
   
   
   
 3.10     
   
 
   Net interest rate
spread (a)(b) 
   
   
 2.87 
   
   
   
 2.76 
   
   
   
 2.66  
   
   
   
 2.69  
   
   
   
 2.94     
   
 
   Efficiency (a)(b) 
   
   
 56.5 
   
   
   
 53.7 
   
   
   
 59.3  
   
   
   
 55.6  
   
   
   
 59.2     
   
 
   Credit Quality 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net losses  charged-off 
   
 $ 
 330 
   
   
   
 298 
   
   
   
 362  
   
   
   
 446  
   
   
   
 575     
   
 
   Net losses  charged-off  as a percent of average portfolio
loans and leases 
   
   
 0.35 
 %  
   
   
 0.32 
   
   
   
 0.39  
   
   
   
 0.48  
   
   
   
 0.64     
   
 
   ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and leases 
   
   
 1.16 
   
   
   
 1.30 
   
   
   
 1.36  
   
   
   
 1.37  
   
   
   
 1.47     
   
 
   Allowance for credit losses as a percent of portfolio loans and leases (c) 
   
   
 1.30 
   
   
   
 1.48 
   
   
   
 1.54  
   
   
   
 1.52  
   
   
   
 1.62     
   
 
   Nonperforming portfolio assets as a percent of portfolio
loans and leases and OREO 
   
   
 0.41 
   
   
   
 0.53 
   
   
   
 0.80  
   
   
   
 0.70  
   
   
   
 0.82     
   
 
   Average Balances 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans and leases, including held for sale 
   
 $ 
 93,876 
   
   
   
 92,731 
   
   
   
 94,320  
   
   
   
 93,339  
   
   
   
 91,127     
   
 
   Securities and other short-term investments 
   
   
 35,029 
   
   
   
 33,562 
   
   
   
 31,965  
   
   
   
 30,245  
   
   
   
 24,866     
   
 
   Assets 
   
   
         142,183 
   
   
   
 140,527 
   
   
   
 142,173  
   
   
   
 139,999  
   
   
   
 131,847     
   
 
   Transaction deposits (d) 
   
   
 97,914 
   
   
   
 96,052 
   
   
   
 95,371  
   
   
   
 95,244  
   
   
   
 89,715     
   
 
   Core deposits (e) 
   
   
 102,020 
   
   
   
 99,823 
   
   
   
 99,381  
   
   
   
 99,295  
   
   
   
 93,477     
   
 
   Wholesale funding (f) 
   
   
 20,573 
   
   
   
 20,360 
   
   
   
 21,813  
   
   
   
 20,210  
   
   
   
 19,154     
   
 
   Bancorp shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 15,970 
   
   
   
 16,424 
   
   
   
 16,453  
   
   
   
 15,742  
   
   
   
 15,196     
   
 
 Regulatory Capital and Liquidity Ratios 
   
 Basel III  (g)(k)       
   
   
   Basel I (h)        
 
   CET1 capital 
   
   
 10.24 
 %  
   
   
 10.61 
   
   
   
 10.39  
   
   
   
 9.82  
   
   
   
 -     
   
 
   Tier I risk-based capital 
   
   
 11.32 
   
   
   
 11.74 
   
   
   
 11.50  
   
   
   
 10.93  
   
   
   
 10.83     
   
 
   Total risk-based capital 
   
   
 14.48 
   
   
   
 15.16 
   
   
   
 15.02  
   
   
   
 14.13  
   
   
   
 14.33     
   
 
   Tier I leverage 
   
   
 9.72 
   
   
   
 10.01 
   
   
   
 9.90  
   
   
   
 9.54  
   
   
   
 9.66     
   
 
   Modified LCR 
   
   
 128 
   
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
 128  
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 -     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Amounts presented on an FTE basis. The FTE adjustment for the years ended
 December  31, 2018 , 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was  $16 ,   $26, $25, $21 and $21, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   These are  non-GAAP  measures. For further information, refer to the
 Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD&A.  
 
 
 (c) 
   The allowance for credit losses is the sum of the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments.
 
 
 
 (d) 
   Includes demand deposits, interest checking deposits, savings deposits, money market deposits and foreign
office deposits.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Includes transaction deposits and other time deposits.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Includes certificates $100,000 and over, other deposits, federal funds purchased, other short-term
borrowings and long-term debt.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Under the U.S. banking agencies’ Basel III Final Rule, assets and credit equivalent amounts of  off-balance  sheet exposures are calculated according to the standardized approach for risk-weighted assets. The resulting values are added together resulting in the Bancorp’s total risk-weighted assets. Under
the banking agencies’ Final Rule published in November 2017 pertaining to certain regulatory items for banks subject to the standardized approach, the Bancorp is no longer subject to certain transition provisions and phase-outs beyond 2017.
 
 
 
 (h) 
   These capital ratios were calculated under the Supervisory Agencies general risk-based capital rules
(Basel I) which were in effect prior to January 1, 2015.  
 
 
 (i) 
   Excludes unrealized gains and losses.  
 
 
 (j) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
 
 
 
 (k) 
   The regulatory capital data and ratios have not been restated as a result of the Bancorp’s change in
accounting for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
      43  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD&A)    The following is Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations of certain significant factors that have affected Fifth Third Bancorp’s (the “Bancorp” or “Fifth Third”) financial condition and results of operations during the periods included
in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are a part of this filing. Reference to the Bancorp incorporates the parent holding company and all consolidated subsidiaries. The Bancorp’s banking subsidiary is referred to as the Bank.  
 OVERVIEW  
  
 
  This overview of MD&A highlights selected information in the financial results of the
Bancorp and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments, uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies and estimates, you should
carefully read this entire document. Each of these items could have an impact on the Bancorp’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, refer to the Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms in this report for a list
of terms included as a tool for the reader of this annual report on Form  10-K.  The abbreviations and acronyms identified therein are used throughout this MD&A, as well as the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    Net interest income, net interest margin, net interest rate
spread and the efficiency ratio are presented in MD&A on an FTE basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the  tax-favored  status of income from certain loans and securities held by the Bancorp that are not taxable
for federal income tax purposes. The Bancorp believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison between taxable and  non-taxable 
amounts. The FTE basis for presenting net interest income is a  non-GAAP  measure. For further information, refer to the  Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD&A.
   The Bancorp’s revenues are dependent on both net interest income and noninterest income. For the year ended
December 31, 2018, net interest income on an FTE basis and noninterest income provided 60% and 40% of total revenue, respectively. The Bancorp derives the majority of its revenues within the U.S. from customers domiciled in the U.S. Revenue
from foreign countries and external customers domiciled in foreign countries was immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in interest rates, credit quality, economic trends and the capital markets are primary factors that drive
the performance of the Bancorp. As discussed later in the Risk Management section of MD&A, risk identification, assessment, management, monitoring and independent governance reporting of risk are important to the management of risk and to the
financial performance and capital strength of the Bancorp.    Net interest income is the difference between interest
income earned on assets such as loans, leases and securities, and interest expense incurred on liabilities such as deposits, other short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Net interest income is affected by the general level of interest rates, the
relative level of short-term and long-term interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Generally, the rates of interest the Bancorp earns on its
assets and pays on its liabilities are established for a period of time. The change in market interest rates over time exposes the Bancorp to interest rate risk through potential adverse changes to net interest income and financial position. The
Bancorp manages this risk by continually analyzing and adjusting the composition of its assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities and their sensitivity to changes in market interest
rates. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into certain derivative transactions as part of its overall strategy to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks. The Bancorp is also exposed to the risk of loss on its
loan and
 

  
lease portfolio as a result of changing expected cash flows caused by borrower credit events, such as loan defaults and inadequate collateral.  
 Noninterest income is derived from service charges on deposits, wealth and asset management revenue, corporate banking
revenue, card and processing revenue, mortgage banking net revenue, net securities gains or losses and other noninterest income. Noninterest expense includes personnel costs, net occupancy expense, technology and communication costs, card and
processing expense, equipment expense and other noninterest expense.    Worldpay, Inc. and Worldpay Holding, LLC Transactions  
 On January 16, 2018, Vantiv, Inc. completed its previously announced acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. with the resulting combined
company named Worldpay, Inc. As a result of this transaction, the Bancorp recognized a gain of $414 million in other noninterest income during the first quarter of 2018 associated with the dilution in its ownership interest in Worldpay Holding,
LLC from approximately 8.6% to approximately 4.9%.    On June 27, 2018, the Bancorp completed the sale of
5 million shares of Class A common stock of Worldpay, Inc. The Bancorp had previously received these Class A shares in exchange for Class B Units of Worldpay Holding, LLC. The Bancorp recognized a gain of $205 million
related to the sale. As a result of the sale, the Bancorp beneficially owns approximately 3.3% of Worldpay’s equity through its ownership of approximately 10.3 million Class B Units. At December 31, 2018, the Bancorp’s
remaining interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC of $420 million continues to be accounted for as an equity method investment given the nature of Worldpay Holding, LLC’s structure as a limited liability company and contractual arrangements
between Worldpay Holding, LLC and the Bancorp.    GS Holdings Transaction  
 In May 2018, GreenSky, Inc. launched an IPO and issued 38 million shares of Class A common stock for a valuation of $23 per share.
In connection with this IPO, the Bancorp’s investment in GreenSky, LLC, which was comprised of 252,550 membership units, was converted to 2,525,498 units of the newly formed GreenSky Holdings, LLC (“GS Holdings”), representing a 1.4%
interest in GS Holdings. The Bancorp’s units in GS Holdings are exchangeable on a  one-to-one  basis for Class A common stock or cash.  
 At the time of the IPO, the Bancorp recognized a $16 million gain on its investment in GreenSky, LLC, which was
included in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2018. At December 31, 2018, the investment in GS Holdings was $24 million, which was included in equity securities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Accelerated Share Repurchase Transactions  
 During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp entered into or settled a number of accelerated share repurchase
transactions. As part of these transactions, the Bancorp entered into forward contracts in which the final number of shares delivered at settlement was based generally on a discount to the average daily volume weighted-average price of the
Bancorp’s common stock during the term of the repurchase agreements.    

      44  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
For more information on the accelerated share repurchase program, refer to Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For a summary of the Bancorp’s accelerated share
repurchase transactions
 

  
that were entered into or settled during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, refer to Table 1.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 1: SUMMARY OF ACCELERATED SHARE REPURCHASE TRANSACTIONS 
   
       
 
 Repurchase Date 
   
 Amount ($ in millions) 
   
   
     
 Shares Repurchased on  Repurchase Date  
   
   
 Shares Received from Forward Contract Settlement 
   
   
 Total Shares   Repurchased   
   
   
 Settlement Date     
   
 
     
   
 
   December 20, 2016 
   
 $ 
 155 
   
   
   
 4,843,750 
   
   
   
 1,044,362 
   
   
   
 5,888,112 
   
   
   
 February 6, 2017 
   
 
   May 1, 2017 
   
   
 342 
   
   
   
 11,641,971 
   
   
   
 2,248,250 
   
   
   
 13,890,221 
   
   
   
 July 31, 2017 
   
 
   August 17, 2017 
   
   
 990 
   
   
   
 31,540,480 
   
   
   
 4,291,170 
   
   
   
 35,831,650 
   
   
   
 December 18, 2017 
   
 
   December 19, 2017 
   
   
 273 
   
   
   
 7,727,273 
   
   
   
 824,367 
   
   
   
 8,551,640 
   
   
   
 March 19, 2018 
   
 
   February 12, 2018 
   
   
 318 
   
   
   
 8,691,318 
   
   
   
 1,015,731 
   
   
   
 9,707,049 
   
   
   
 March 26, 2018 
   
 
   May 25, 2018 
   
   
 235 
   
   
   
 6,402,244 
   
   
   
 1,172,122 
   
   
   
 7,574,366 
   
   
   
 June 15, 2018 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Open Market Share Repurchase Transactions  
 Between July 20, 2018 and August 2, 2018, the Bancorp repurchased 16,945,020 shares, or approximately $500 million, of its
outstanding common stock through open market repurchase transactions, which settled between July 24, 2018 and August 6, 2018.  
 Between October 24, 2018 and November 9, 2018, the Bancorp repurchased 14,916,332 shares, or approximately
$400 million, of its outstanding common stock through open market repurchase transactions, which settled between October 26, 2018 and November 14, 2018. For more information on the open market share repurchase program, refer to Note
22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    Senior Notes Offerings  
 On March 14, 2018, the Bancorp issued and sold $650 million of senior notes to third-party investors. The senior notes bear a
fixed-rate of interest of 3.95% per annum. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on March 14, 2028. These fixed-rate senior notes will be redeemable
by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On June 5, 2018, the Bancorp issued and sold $250 million of senior notes to third-party investors. The senior
notes bear a floating-rate of three-month LIBOR plus 47 bps. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on June 4, 2021. These floating-rate senior notes
will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption
date.    On July 26, 2018 the Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $1.55 billion in aggregate
principal amount of unsecured senior bank notes. The bank notes consisted of $500 million of 3.35% senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of three years, due on July 26, 2021; $300 million of senior floating-rate notes at
three-month LIBOR plus 44 bps, with a maturity of three years, due on July 26, 2021; and $750 million of 3.95% senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of seven years, due July 28, 2025. The Bank entered into interest rate swaps to
convert the fixed-rate notes due in 2021 and 2025 to a floating-rate, which resulted in an effective interest rate of  one-month  LIBOR plus 53 bps and 104 bps, respectively. These bank notes will be redeemable
by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. For additional
information on these senior notes offerings, refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 

  
Statements.    For further information on subsequent events related
to long-term debt, refer to Note 31 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    2018 Branch Optimization Plan  
 Customer interactions and service and sales activity in Branch Banking continue to evolve with changing demographics and technology
applications. Customers are increasingly utilizing digital tools to interact with their financial institutions in conducting their transactions while still utilizing physical branches for consultations and new product and service initiation. During
the past three years, these developments and other business strategies led to a net decrease of 133 in the number of retail branches, or 11% of the Bancorp’s total branch count, through consolidations and sales.  
 The Bancorp continues to evaluate its retail network distribution in light of changes in customer behavior while developing
new analytical tools that provide enhanced capabilities to optimize the profitability and growth potential of branches. In slower growth mature markets these developments enable the Bancorp to achieve efficiencies through well-executed branch
consolidations without materially impacting deposit flows and/or revenue growth while maintaining the service quality standards. While continuing to evaluate such actions, the Bancorp is also focused on achieving higher retail household and deposit
growth in other parts of its footprint – mainly in markets that exhibit faster economic growth and where the Bancorp has significant opportunities to capture higher market share. To that extent, based on the strategic business evaluation that
was performed during the second quarter of 2018, over the next  2-3  years, as part of the 2018 Branch Optimization Plan, the Bancorp plans to close between  100-125 
branches in more mature markets and open between  100-125  new branches in higher growth markets where the Bancorp already has an existing retail branch presence. With the existing local presence and familiarity
with the customer demographics, and with newly developed analytical tools, the Bancorp expects to achieve higher growth rates as a result of these actions.  
 As of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp had closed 31 branches under the 2018 Branch Optimization Plan. The Bancorp
expects to identify the remaining branches to be closed under the 2018 Branch Optimization Plan prior to December 31, 2019. As part of the adoption of the 2018 Branch Optimization Plan, the Bancorp has also elected to sell 21 parcels of land
which had previously been held for future branch expansion. For further information about the 2018 Branch Optimization plan, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Change in Accounting Policy  
 Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, the Bancorp changed its accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments from the equity method to
the proportional amortization method as it was management’s determination to be the preferable method.
   

      45  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
The proportional amortization method provides an improved presentation for the reporting of these investments by presenting the investment performance net of taxes as a component of income tax
expense, which more fairly represents the economics and provides users with a better understanding of the returns from such investments than the prior equity method. Additionally, the proportional amortization method has been elected as a preferred
accounting method for LIHTC investments by many of the Bancorp’s peers. Changing the accounting policy for LIHTC investments from the equity method of accounting to the
 

  
proportional amortization method will make the Bancorp’s presentation of the LIHTC investments comparable to that of its peers. The adoption of the proportional amortization method was
applied retrospectively and resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment to reduce retained earnings by $134 million as of January 1, 2016. Unless otherwise noted, all prior period information has been restated to conform to the accounting policy
change. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information including the impact of adoption on prior period financial statements.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 2: CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME     
     
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data) 
    
     2018 
   
    
     2017    
   
    
     2016    
   
   
     2015    
   
   
     2014   
   
    
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Interest income (FTE) (a) 
    
 $ 
 5,199 
   
    
   
 4,515 
   
    
   
 4,218 
   
   
   
 4,049 
   
   
   
 4,051 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 1,043 
   
    
   
 691 
   
    
   
 578 
   
   
   
 495 
   
   
   
 451 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net Interest Income
(FTE) (a) 
    
   
 4,156 
   
    
   
 3,824 
   
    
   
 3,640 
   
   
   
 3,554 
   
   
   
 3,600 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 237 
   
    
   
 261 
   
    
   
 343 
   
   
   
 396 
   
   
   
 315 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan and Lease Losses (FTE) (a) 
    
   
 3,919 
   
    
   
 3,563 
   
    
   
 3,297 
   
   
   
 3,158 
   
   
   
 3,285 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 2,790 
   
    
   
 3,224 
   
    
   
 2,696 
   
   
   
 3,003 
   
   
   
 2,473 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 3,928 
   
    
   
 3,782 
   
    
   
 3,760 
   
   
   
 3,647 
   
   
   
 3,592 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Income Before Income Taxes
(FTE) (a) 
    
   
 2,781 
   
    
   
 3,005 
   
    
   
 2,233 
   
   
   
 2,514 
   
   
   
 2,166 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Fully taxable equivalent adjustment 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 25 
   
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 21 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
    
   
 572 
   
    
   
 799 
   
    
   
 665 
   
   
   
 814 
   
   
   
 692 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 2,193 
   
    
   
 2,180 
   
    
   
 1,543 
   
   
   
 1,679 
   
   
   
 1,453 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to Bancorp 
    
   
 2,193 
   
    
   
 2,180 
   
    
   
 1,547 
   
   
   
 1,685 
   
   
   
 1,451 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Dividends on preferred stock 
    
   
 75 
   
    
   
 75 
   
    
   
 75 
   
   
   
 75 
   
   
   
 67 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 
    
 $ 
         2,118 
   
    
   
 2,105 
   
    
   
 1,472 
   
   
   
 1,610 
   
   
   
 1,384 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Earnings per share - basic 
    
 $ 
 3.11 
   
    
   
 2.86 
   
    
   
 1.92 
   
   
   
 2.00 
   
   
   
 1.65 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per share - diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.06 
   
    
   
 2.81 
   
    
   
 1.91 
   
   
   
 1.97 
   
   
   
 1.63 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
    
 $ 
 0.74 
   
    
   
 0.60 
   
    
   
 0.53 
   
   
   
 0.52 
   
   
   
 0.51 
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   These are  non-GAAP  measures. For further information, refer to the
 Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD&A.  
   
  Earnings Summary  
 The Bancorp’s net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $2.1 billion, or $3.06 per
diluted share, which was net of $75 million in preferred stock dividends. The Bancorp’s net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $2.1 billion, or $2.81 per diluted share, which was net
of $75 million in preferred stock dividends.    Net interest income on an FTE basis
 (non-GAAP)  was $4.2 billion and $3.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Net interest income was positively impacted by increases in yields on average loans and
leases and average taxable securities and an increase in average taxable securities for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. Additionally, net interest income was positively impacted by the
decisions of the FOMC to raise the target range of the federal funds rate 25 bps in December 2017, March 2018, June 2018, September 2018 and December 2018. These positive impacts were partially offset by increases in the rates paid on average
interest-bearing core deposits and average long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. Net interest margin on an FTE basis  (non-GAAP)  was
3.22% and 3.03% for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.    Noninterest income decreased
$434 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to a decrease in other noninterest income, partially offset by increases in corporate banking revenue, wealth and asset
management revenue and card and processing revenue. Other noninterest income decreased $470 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the gain on sale of Worldpay,
 

  
Inc. shares recognized in the prior year, a reduction in equity method income from the Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC, the impact of the net losses on disposition and impairment
of bank premises and equipment and income from the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc. recognized in the prior year. These reductions were partially offset by the gain related to Vantiv, Inc.’s acquisition of Worldpay Group plc., an increase in
private equity investment income, as well as a decrease in the loss on the swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares. Corporate banking revenue increased $85 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to
the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase from the prior year was primarily driven by increases in lease remarketing fees, institutional sales revenue, syndication fees and contract revenue from commercial customer derivatives. Wealth and
asset management revenue increased $25 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in private client service fees and brokerage fees. Card and processing revenue increased $16 million from the year ended
December 31 2017 primarily due to increases in the number of actively used cards and customer spend volume.  
 Noninterest expense increased $146 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in personnel costs and technology and communications expenses, partially offset by a decrease in other noninterest expense. Personnel costs increased $126 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by increases in base compensation, performance-based compensation and severance costs. The increase in base compensation was primarily due to an increase in the
Bancorp’s minimum wage as a result of benefits received from the TCJA and personnel additions associated with strategic investments and acquisitions.
   

      46  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
Technology and communications expense increased $40 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 driven primarily by increased
investment in regulatory, compliance and growth initiatives. Other noninterest expense decreased $17 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in the benefit
from the reserve for unfunded commitments, gains on partnership investments and decreases in professional service fees and FDIC insurance and other taxes, partially offset by increases in marketing expense and loan and lease expense.  
 For more information on net interest income, noninterest income and noninterest expense, refer to the Statements of Income
Analysis section of MD&A.    Credit Summary  
 The provision for loan and lease losses was $237 million and $261 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Net losses  charged-off  as a percent of average portfolio
 
  loans and leases decreased to 0.35% during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to
0.32% during the year ended December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2018, nonperforming portfolio assets as a percent of portfolio loans and leases and OREO decreased to 0.41% compared to 0.53% at December 31, 2017. For further discussion
on credit quality, refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD&A.    Capital Summary  
 The Bancorp’s capital ratios exceed the “well-capitalized” guidelines as defined by the PCA requirements of the U.S. banking
agencies. As of December 31, 2018, as calculated under the Basel III standardized approach, the CET1 capital ratio was 10.24%, the Tier I risk-based capital ratio was 11.32%, the Total risk-based capital ratio was 14.48% and the Tier I leverage
ratio was 9.72%.    
      NON-GAAP  FINANCIAL MEASURES      
  
 
  The following are  non-GAAP  measures which provide
useful insight to the reader of the Consolidated Financial Statements but should be supplemental to primary U.S. GAAP measures and should not be read in isolation or relied upon as a substitute for the primary U.S. GAAP measures.  
 The FTE basis adjusts for the  tax-favored  status of income from certain loans and
securities held by the Bancorp that are not
 

  
taxable for federal income tax purposes. The Bancorp believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison between
taxable and  non-taxable  amounts.    
      The following table reconciles the  non-GAAP  financial measures of net interest income on an FTE basis, interest income on an FTE basis, net interest margin, net interest rate spread and the efficiency ratio to U.S. GAAP:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 3:  NON-GAAP  FINANCIAL MEASURES - FINANCIAL MEASURES AND RATIOS ON AN FTE BASIS 
     
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
         2018 
   
   
     2017       
   
    
     2016           
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 4,140   
   
   
   
 3,798 
   
    
   
 3,615     
   
 
   Add: FTE adjustment 
    
   
 16   
   
   
   
 26 
   
    
   
 25     
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income on an FTE basis (1) 
    
 $ 
 4,156   
   
   
   
 3,824 
   
    
   
 3,640     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest income (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 5,183   
   
   
   
 4,489 
   
    
   
 4,193     
   
 
   Add: FTE adjustment 
    
   
 16   
   
   
   
 26 
   
    
   
 25     
   
 
     
   
 
   Interest income on an FTE basis (2) 
    
 $ 
 5,199   
   
   
   
 4,515 
   
    
   
 4,218     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense (3) 
    
 $ 
 1,043   
   
   
   
 691 
   
    
   
 578     
   
 
   Noninterest income (4) 
    
   
 2,790   
   
   
   
 3,224 
   
    
   
 2,696     
   
 
   Noninterest expense (5) 
    
   
 3,928   
   
   
   
 3,782 
   
    
   
 3,760     
   
 
   Average interest-earning assets (6) 
    
   
             128,905   
   
   
   
 126,293 
   
    
   
 126,285     
   
 
   Average interest-bearing liabilities (7) 
    
   
 89,959   
   
   
   
 85,090 
   
    
   
 85,332     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Ratios: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net interest margin on an FTE basis (1) / (6) 
    
   
 3.22   
 %  
   
   
 3.03 
   
    
   
 2.88     
   
 
   Net interest rate spread on an FTE basis ((2) / (6)) - ((3) / (7)) 
    
   
 2.87   
   
   
   
 2.76 
   
    
   
 2.66     
   
 
   Efficiency ratio on an FTE basis (5) / ((1) + (4)) 
    
   
 56.5   
   
   
   
 53.7 
   
    
   
 59.3     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp believes return on average tangible common equity is an important measure for
comparative purposes with other financial institutions, but is not defined under U.S. GAAP, and therefore is considered a  non-GAAP  financial measure. This measure is useful for evaluating the performance of a
business as it calculates the  
  return available to common shareholders without the impact of intangible assets and their
related amortization.    

      47  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table reconciles the  non-GAAP  financial measure of
return on average tangible common equity to U.S. GAAP:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE  4:  NON-GAAP  FINANCIAL MEASURE - RETURN ON AVERAGE TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY 
     
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
       2018 
   
   
 2017             
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income available to common shareholders (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 2,118 
   
   
   
 2,105        
   
 
   Add: Intangible amortization, net of tax 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 1        
   
 
     
   
 
   Tangible net income available to common shareholders (1) 
    
 $ 
 2,122 
   
   
   
 2,106        
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Average Bancorp shareholders’ equity (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 15,970 
   
   
   
 16,424        
   
 
   Less:  Average preferred stock 
    
   
 (1,331 
 )  
   
   
 (1,331)       
   
 
     Average goodwill 
    
   
 (2,462 
 )  
   
   
 (2,425)       
   
 
     Average intangible assets 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (18)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Average tangible common equity (2) 
    
 $ 
             12,148 
   
   
   
 12,650        
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Return on average tangible common equity (1) / (2) 
    
   
 17.5   
 %  
   
   
 16.6        
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp considers various measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy,
including the tangible equity ratio and tangible common equity ratio, in addition to capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies. These calculations are intended to complement the capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies for both
absolute and comparative purposes. Because U.S. GAAP does not include capital ratio measures, the Bancorp believes there
 
  are no comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures to these ratios. These ratios are not formally
defined by U.S. GAAP or codified in the federal banking regulations and, therefore, are considered to be  non-GAAP  financial measures. The Bancorp encourages readers to consider its Consolidated Financial
Statements in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure.    
  The following table reconciles  non-GAAP  capital ratios
to U.S. GAAP:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE  5:  NON-GAAP  FINANCIAL MEASURES - CAPITAL RATIOS 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
         2018 
   
   
 2017             
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Bancorp Shareholders’ Equity (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 16,250 
   
   
   
 16,200        
   
 
   Less:  Preferred stock 
    
   
 (1,331 
 )  
   
   
 (1,331)       
   
 
     Goodwill 
    
   
 (2,478 
 )  
   
   
 (2,445)       
   
 
     Intangible assets 
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (27)       
   
 
     AOCI 
    
   
 112 
   
   
   
 (73)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Tangible common equity, excluding unrealized gains / losses (1) 
    
   
 12,513 
   
   
   
 12,324        
   
 
   Add: Preferred stock 
    
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 1,331        
   
 
     
   
 
   Tangible equity (2) 
    
 $ 
 13,844 
   
   
   
 13,655        
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Total Assets (U.S. GAAP) 
    
 $ 
 146,069 
   
   
   
 142,081        
   
 
   Less:  Goodwill 
    
   
 (2,478 
 )  
   
   
 (2,445)       
   
 
     Intangible assets 
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (27)       
   
 
     AOCI, before tax 
    
   
 142 
   
   
   
 (92)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Tangible assets, excluding unrealized gains / losses (3) 
    
 $ 
             143,693 
   
   
   
 139,517        
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Ratios: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tangible equity as a percentage of tangible assets (2) / (3) 
    
   
 9.63  
 %  
   
   
 9.79        
   
 
   Tangible common equity as a percentage of tangible assets (1) / (3) 
    
   
 8.71 
   
   
   
 8.83        
   
 
     
   
 
      48  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
  
 
  Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements provides a discussion of the
significant new accounting standards applicable
 

  
to the Bancorp during 2018 and the expected impact of significant accounting standards issued, but not yet required to be adopted.
   
      CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  
 
  The Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Certain accounting policies require management to exercise judgment in determining methodologies, economic assumptions and estimates that may materially affect the Bancorp’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The
Bancorp’s critical accounting policies include the accounting for the ALLL, reserve for unfunded commitments, income taxes, valuation of servicing rights, fair value measurements, goodwill and legal contingencies. There have been no material
changes to the valuation techniques or models described below during the year ended December 31, 2018.    ALLL  
 The Bancorp disaggregates its portfolio loans and leases into portfolio segments for purposes of determining the ALLL. The Bancorp’s
portfolio segments include commercial, residential mortgage and consumer. The Bancorp further disaggregates its portfolio segments into classes for purposes of monitoring and assessing credit quality based on certain risk characteristics. For an
analysis of the Bancorp’s ALLL by portfolio segment and credit quality information by class, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The Bancorp maintains the ALLL to absorb probable loan and lease losses inherent in its portfolio segments. The ALLL is
maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the collectability and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit losses are charged and recoveries are credited
to the ALLL. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve consideration under existing economic conditions in
estimating probable credit losses. The Bancorp’s strategy for credit risk management includes a combination of conservative exposure limits significantly below legal lending limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collections
standards. The strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and quarterly management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality.  
 The Bancorp’s methodology for determining the ALLL requires significant management judgment and is based on historical
loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on loans modified in a TDR and impaired commercial credits above specified thresholds and other qualitative adjustments. Allowances on individual commercial loans, TDRs and historical loss rates
are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and  charge-off  experience. An unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize the
imprecision in estimating and measuring losses when evaluating allowances for pools of loans.    Larger commercial loans
included within aggregate borrower relationship balances exceeding $1 million that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses, as well as loans that have been modified in a TDR, are subject to individual review for impairment. The Bancorp
considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of any guarantees, the guarantor’s liquidity and willingness to cooperate, the loan structure and other factors when evaluating whether an individual loan is impaired. Other factors may
include
 

  
the industry and geographic region of the borrower, size and financial condition of the borrower, cash flow and leverage of the borrower and the Bancorp’s evaluation of the borrower’s
management. When individual loans are impaired, allowances are determined based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan given the availability of collateral and other sources of cash flow, as well as an
evaluation of legal options available to the Bancorp. Allowances for impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, fair value of the underlying collateral
or readily observable secondary market values. The Bancorp evaluates the collectability of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual.  
 Historical credit loss rates are applied to commercial loans that are not impaired or are impaired, but smaller than the
established threshold of $1 million and thus not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from migration analyses for several portfolio stratifications, which track the historical net
 charge-off  experience sustained on loans according to their internal risk grade. The risk grading system utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories.  
 Homogenous loans and leases in the residential mortgage and consumer portfolio segments are not individually risk graded.
Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks and allowances are established based on the expected net charge-offs. Loss rates are based on the trailing twelve month net  charge-off  history by loan category. Historical loss rates may be adjusted for certain prescriptive and qualitative factors that, in management’s judgment, are necessary to reflect losses inherent in the
portfolio. The prescriptive loss rate factors include adjustments for delinquency trends, LTV trends, refreshed FICO score trends and product mix.  
 The Bancorp also considers qualitative factors in determining the ALLL. These include adjustments for changes in policies or
procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values and geographic concentrations. The Bancorp
considers home price index trends in its footprint and the volatility of collateral valuation trends when determining the collateral value qualitative factor.  
 When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to regional geographic concentrations and the closely
associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. Refer to the Allowance for Credit Losses subsection of the Risk Management section of MD&A for a discussion on the Bancorp’s ALLL sensitivity analysis.
   Reserve for Unfunded Commitments  
 The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses
related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of
historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and historical loss rates based on credit grade migration. This process takes into consideration the same risk elements that are analyzed in the determination of the adequacy of the
Bancorp’s ALLL, as previously discussed. Net adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
   

      49  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  Income Taxes  
 The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which the Bancorp operates are complex and may be subject to different interpretations. The
Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information. The Bancorp maintains tax accruals consistent
with its evaluation of these items.    Changes in the estimate of tax accruals occur periodically due to changes in tax
rates, interpretation of tax laws and regulations and other guidance issued by tax authorities and the status of examinations conducted by tax authorities, as well as the expiration of statutes of limitations. These changes may significantly impact
the Bancorp’s tax accruals, deferred taxes and income tax expense and may significantly impact the operating results of the Bancorp.  
 Deferred taxes are determined using the balance sheet method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is
calculated based on the difference between the book and tax bases of the assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates and laws. Significant management judgment is required to determine the realizability of deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets
are recognized when management believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Where management has determined that it is not more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized, a valuation
allowance is maintained. For additional information on income taxes, refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    Valuation
of Servicing Rights    When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales in accordance with its
investment policies, it often obtains servicing rights. The Bancorp may also purchase servicing rights. Effective January 1, 2017, the Bancorp elected to prospectively adopt the fair value method for all existing classes of its residential
mortgage servicing rights portfolio. Upon this election, all servicing rights in these classes are measured at fair value at each reporting date and changes in the fair value of servicing rights are reported in earnings in the period in which the
changes occur. Servicing rights are valued using internal OAS models. Significant management judgment is necessary to identify key economic assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the servicing rights including the prepayment speeds of the
underlying loans, the weighted-average life, the OAS spread and the weighted-average coupon rate, as applicable. The primary risk of material changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic
assumptions used, particularly the prepayment speeds. In order to assist in the assessment of the fair value of servicing rights, the Bancorp obtains external valuations of the servicing rights portfolio from third parties and participates in peer
surveys that provide additional confirmation of the reasonableness of key assumptions utilized in the internal OAS model. Prior to the election of the fair value method, servicing rights were initially recorded at fair value and subsequently
 

  
amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing revenue. Servicing rights were assessed for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment
recognized through a valuation allowance and other-than-temporary impairment recognized through a  write-off  of the servicing asset and related valuation allowance. For additional information on servicing
rights, refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    Fair Value Measurements  
 The Bancorp measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Bancorp employs various valuation approaches to measure fair value including the market,
income and cost approaches. The market approach uses prices or relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach involves discounting future amounts to a single present
amount and is based on current market expectations about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of the asset.  
 U.S. GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). A financial
instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument’s fair value measurement. For additional information on the fair value hierarchy and fair value
measurements, refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    The Bancorp’s fair value
measurements involve various valuation techniques and models, which involve inputs that are observable, when available. Valuation techniques and parameters used for measuring assets and liabilities are reviewed and validated by the Bancorp on a
quarterly basis. Additionally, the Bancorp monitors the fair values of significant assets and liabilities using a variety of methods including the evaluation of pricing runs and exception reports based on certain analytical criteria, comparison to
previous trades and overall review and assessments for reasonableness. The level of management judgment necessary to determine fair value varies based upon the methods used in the determination of fair value. Financial instruments that are measured
at fair value using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) require minimal judgment. The valuation of financial instruments when quoted market prices are not available (Levels 2 and 3) may require significant management judgment to assess whether
quoted prices for similar instruments exist, the impact of changing market conditions including reducing liquidity in the capital markets and the use of estimates surrounding significant unobservable inputs. Table 6 provides a summary of the fair
value of financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis and the amounts of financial instruments valued using Level 3 inputs.
   

      50  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 6: FAIR VALUE SUMMARY 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 As of ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
    
 December 31, 2018         
   
   
         December 31, 2017             
   
 
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
     Balance         
   
   
   
     Level 3         
   
   
   
         Balance         
   
    
   
     Level 3              
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets carried at fair value 
   
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 35,792  
   
   
   
 1,124  
   
   
   
 34,287 
   
    
   
 1,003      
   
 
   As a percent of total assets 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 25  
 %  
   
   
 1  
   
   
   
 24 
   
    
   
 1      
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities carried at fair value 
   
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 1,012  
   
   
   
 133  
   
   
   
 633 
   
    
   
 142      
   
 
   As a percent of total liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1  
 %  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Refer to Note 26 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on
fair value measurements including a description of the valuation methodologies used for significant financial instruments.    Goodwill  
 Business combinations entered into by the Bancorp typically include the acquisition of goodwill. U.S. GAAP requires goodwill to be tested for
impairment at the Bancorp’s reporting unit level on an annual basis, which for the Bancorp is September 30, and more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for a discussion on the methodology used by the Bancorp to assess goodwill for impairment.  
 Impairment exists when a reporting unit’s carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. In testing
goodwill for impairment, U.S. GAAP permits the Bancorp to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. In this qualitative assessment, the
Bancorp evaluates events and circumstances which may include, but are not limited to, the general economic environment, banking industry and market conditions, the overall financial performance of the Bancorp, the performance of the Bancorp’s
common stock, the key financial performance metrics of the Bancorp’s reporting units and events affecting the reporting units to determine if it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount. If the  two-step  impairment test is required or the decision to bypass the qualitative assessment is elected, the Bancorp would be required to perform the first step (Step 1) of the goodwill impairment
test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the amount of
impairment loss, if any.    The fair value of a reporting unit is the price that would be received to sell the unit as a
whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As none of the Bancorp’s reporting units are publicly traded, individual reporting unit fair value determinations cannot be directly correlated to the
Bancorp’s stock price. The determination of the fair value of a reporting unit is a subjective process that involves the use of estimates and judgments, particularly related to cash flows, the appropriate discount rates and an applicable
control premium. The Bancorp employs an income-based approach, utilizing the reporting unit’s forecasted cash flows (including a terminal value approach to estimate cash flows beyond the final year of the forecast) and the reporting unit’s
estimated cost of equity as the discount rate. Significant management judgment is necessary in the preparation of each reporting unit’s forecasted cash flows surrounding expectations for earnings projections, growth and credit loss expectations
and
 

  
actual results may differ from forecasted results. Additionally, the Bancorp determines its market capitalization based on the average of the closing price of the Bancorp’s stock during the
month including the measurement date, incorporating an additional control premium, and compares this market-based fair value measurement to the aggregate fair value of the Bancorp’s reporting units in order to corroborate the results of the
income approach.    When required to perform Step 2, the Bancorp compares the implied fair value of a reporting
unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss equal to that excess amount is recognized. A recognized impairment loss cannot exceed the carrying amount of
that goodwill and cannot be reversed in future periods even if the fair value of the reporting unit subsequently recovers.  
 During Step 2, the Bancorp determines the implied fair value of goodwill for a reporting unit by assigning the fair value of
the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Significant management judgment is necessary in the
identification and valuation of unrecognized intangible assets and the valuation of the reporting unit’s recorded assets and liabilities. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities
is the implied fair value of goodwill. This assignment process is only performed for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. The Bancorp does not adjust the carrying values of recognized assets or liabilities (other than goodwill, if
appropriate), nor does it recognize previously unrecognized intangible assets in the Consolidated Financial Statements as a result of this assignment process. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information
regarding the Bancorp’s goodwill.    Legal Contingencies  
 The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are parties to numerous claims and lawsuits as well as threatened or potential actions or claims concerning
matters arising from the conduct of its business activities. The outcome of claims or litigation and the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict and significant judgment may be required in the determination of both the
probability of loss and whether the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. The Bancorp’s estimates are subjective and are based on the status of legal and regulatory proceedings, the merit of the Bancorp’s defenses and consultation
with internal and external legal counsel. An accrual for a potential litigation loss is established when information related to the loss contingency indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Bancorp’s legal proceedings.
   

      51  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  STATEMENTS OF INCOME ANALYSIS  
  
 
  Net Interest Income  
 Net interest income is the interest earned on loans and leases (including yield-related fees), securities and other short-term investments
less the interest paid for core deposits (includes transaction deposits and other time deposits) and wholesale funding (includes certificates $100,000 and over, other deposits, federal funds purchased, other short-term borrowings and long-term
debt). The net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets. Net interest rate spread is the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on
interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is typically greater than net interest rate spread due to the interest income earned on those assets that are funded by noninterest-bearing liabilities, or free funding, such as demand deposits or
shareholders’ equity.    Tables 7 and 8 present the components of net interest income, net interest margin and net
interest rate spread for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, as well as the relative impact of changes in the average balance sheet and changes in interest rates on net interest income. Nonaccrual loans and leases and loans and
leases held for sale have been included in the average loan and lease balances. Average outstanding securities balances are based on amortized cost with any unrealized gains or losses on  available-for-sale  debt and other securities included in average other assets.  
 Net interest income on an FTE basis  (non-GAAP)  was $4.2 billion and
$3.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Net interest income was positively impacted by increases in yields on average loans and leases of 58 bps and yields on average taxable securities of 13 bps for the
year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. Net interest income also benefited from an increase in average taxable securities of $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2017. Additionally, net interest income was positively impacted by the decisions of the FOMC to raise the target range of the federal funds rate 25 bps in December 2017, March 2018, June 2018, September 2018 and December
2018. These positive impacts were partially offset by increases in the rates paid on average interest-bearing core deposits and average long-term debt for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. The
rates paid on average interest-bearing core deposits and average long-term debt increased 33 bps and 32 bps, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the same period in the prior year.  
 Net interest rate spread on an FTE basis  (non-GAAP)  was 2.87% during the year ended
December 31, 2018 compared to 2.76% during the year ended December 31, 2017. Yields on average interest-earning assets increased 46 bps, partially offset by a 35 bps increase in rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities for the
 

  
year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Net interest margin on an FTE basis  (non-GAAP)  was 3.22% for the year ended
December 31, 2018 compared to 3.03% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2018 was driven primarily by the previously mentioned increase in the net interest rate spread partially offset by
a decrease in average free funding balances. The decrease in average free funding balances was driven by a decrease in average demand deposits of $2.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017.    Interest income on an FTE basis from loans and leases
 (non-GAAP)  increased $590 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by the previously mentioned increase in yields on average loans and leases, as well as an increase in the volume
of average other consumer loans and average commercial and industrial loans. For more information on the Bancorp’s loan and lease portfolio, refer to the Loans and Leases subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A. Interest
income from investment securities and other short-term investments increased $94 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of the aforementioned increases in average taxable securities and yields on average
taxable securities.    Interest expense on core deposits increased $250 million for the year ended December 31,
2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the cost of average interest-bearing core deposits to 70 bps for the year ended December 31, 2018 from 37 bps for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase in the cost of average interest-bearing core deposits was primarily due to increases in the rates paid on average interest checking deposits and average money market deposits. Refer to the Deposits subsection of
the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A for additional information on the Bancorp’s deposits.    Interest
expense on wholesale funding increased $102 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the aforementioned increase in the rates paid on average long-term debt coupled
with an increase in average long-term debt. Refer to the Borrowings subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A for additional information on the Bancorp’s borrowings. Average wholesale funding represented 23% and 24% of
average interest-bearing liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. For more information on the Bancorp’s interest rate risk management, including estimated earnings sensitivity to changes in market
interest rates, see the Market Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD&A.    

      52  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 7: CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET AND ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST INCOME
ON AN FTE BASIS 
     
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Average Balance 
   
   
 Revenue/ Cost 
   
    
 
     Average         Yield/     
     Rate     
   
   
 Average Balance 
   
   
 Revenue/ Cost 
   
    
 
     Average         Yield/     
     Rate     
   
   
 Average Balance 
   
   
 Revenue/ Cost 
   
    
 
     Average         Yield/     
     Rate     
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest-earning assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans and leases: (a) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 42,668 
   
   
   
 1,826 
   
    
   
 4.28 
 %  
   
 $ 
 41,577 
   
   
   
 1,514 
   
    
   
 3.64 
 %  
   
 $ 
 43,184 
   
   
   
 1,413 
   
    
   
 3.27% 
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 6,661 
   
   
   
 298 
   
    
   
 4.47 
   
   
   
 6,844 
   
   
   
 256 
   
    
   
 3.74 
   
   
   
 6,899 
   
   
   
 229 
   
    
   
 3.32    
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,793 
   
   
   
 240 
   
    
   
 5.01 
   
   
   
 4,374 
   
   
   
 179 
   
    
   
 4.09 
   
   
   
 3,648 
   
   
   
 125 
   
    
   
 3.42    
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,795 
   
   
   
 108 
   
    
   
 2.84 
   
   
   
 4,011 
   
   
   
 82 
   
    
   
 2.04 
   
   
   
 3,916 
   
   
   
 105 
   
    
   
 2.69    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 57,917 
   
   
   
 2,472 
   
    
   
 4.27 
   
   
   
 56,806 
   
   
   
 2,031 
   
    
   
 3.58 
   
   
   
 57,647 
   
   
   
 1,872 
   
    
   
 3.25    
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 16,150 
   
   
   
 580 
   
    
   
 3.59 
   
   
   
 16,053 
   
   
   
 566 
   
    
   
 3.53 
   
   
   
 15,101 
   
   
   
 535 
   
    
   
 3.54    
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 6,631 
   
   
   
 326 
   
    
   
 4.92 
   
   
   
 7,308 
   
   
   
 310 
   
    
   
 4.24 
   
   
   
 7,998 
   
   
   
 302 
   
    
   
 3.78    
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,993 
   
   
   
 304 
   
    
   
 3.38 
   
   
   
 9,407 
   
   
   
 275 
   
    
   
 2.92 
   
   
   
 10,708 
   
   
   
 290 
   
    
   
 2.71    
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 2,280 
   
   
   
 279 
   
    
   
 12.25 
   
   
   
 2,141 
   
   
   
 253 
   
    
   
 11.84 
   
   
   
 2,205 
   
   
   
 214 
   
    
   
 9.69    
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1,905 
   
   
   
 132 
   
    
   
 6.94 
   
   
   
 1,016 
   
   
   
 68 
   
    
   
 6.68 
   
   
   
 661 
   
   
   
 44 
   
    
   
 6.56    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
    
   
 35,959 
   
   
   
 1,621 
   
    
   
 4.51 
   
   
   
 35,925 
   
   
   
 1,472 
   
    
   
 4.10 
   
   
   
 36,673 
   
   
   
 1,385 
   
    
   
 3.78    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 93,876 
   
   
   
 4,093 
   
    
   
 4.36 
 %  
   
 $ 
 92,731 
   
   
   
 3,503 
   
    
   
 3.78 
 %  
   
 $ 
 94,320 
   
   
   
 3,257 
   
    
   
 3.45% 
   
 
   Securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Taxable 
    
   
 33,487 
   
   
   
 1,079 
   
    
   
 3.22 
   
   
   
 32,106 
   
   
   
 993 
   
    
   
 3.09 
   
   
   
 30,019 
   
   
   
 950 
   
    
   
 3.16    
   
 
   Exempt from income taxes (a) 
    
   
 66 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 3.37 
   
   
   
 66 
   
   
   
 4 
   
    
   
 5.45 
   
   
   
 80 
   
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 4.51    
   
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
   
 1,476 
   
   
   
 25 
   
    
   
 1.68 
   
   
   
 1,390 
   
   
   
 15 
   
    
   
 1.04 
   
   
   
 1,866 
   
   
   
 8 
   
    
   
 0.44    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total interest-earning assets 
    
 $ 
 128,905 
   
   
   
 5,199 
   
    
   
 4.03 
 %  
   
 $ 
 126,293 
   
   
   
 4,515 
   
    
   
 3.57 
 %  
   
 $ 
 126,285 
   
   
   
 4,218 
   
    
   
 3.34% 
   
 
   Cash and due from banks 
    
   
 2,200 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 2,224 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 2,303 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 12,203 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 13,236 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 14,870 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 (1,125 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,226 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,285 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 142,183 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 140,527 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 142,173 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest-bearing liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest checking deposits 
    
 $ 
 29,818 
   
   
   
 252 
   
    
   
 0.85 
 %  
   
 $ 
 26,382 
   
   
   
 109 
   
    
   
 0.41 
 %  
   
 $ 
 25,143 
   
   
   
 58 
   
    
   
 0.23% 
   
 
   Savings deposits 
    
   
 13,330 
   
   
   
 14 
   
    
   
 0.10 
   
   
   
 13,958 
   
   
   
 8 
   
    
   
 0.06 
   
   
   
 14,346 
   
   
   
 7 
   
    
   
 0.05    
   
 
   Money market deposits 
    
   
 21,769 
   
   
   
 162 
   
    
   
 0.74 
   
   
   
 20,231 
   
   
   
 74 
   
    
   
 0.37 
   
   
   
 19,523 
   
   
   
 53 
   
    
   
 0.27    
   
 
   Foreign office deposits 
    
   
 363 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 0.33 
   
   
   
 388 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 0.20 
   
   
   
 497 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 0.16    
   
 
   Other time deposits 
    
   
 4,106 
   
   
   
 59 
   
    
   
 1.44 
   
   
   
 3,771 
   
   
   
 46 
   
    
   
 1.23 
   
   
   
 4,010 
   
   
   
 49 
   
    
   
 1.24    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total interest-bearing core deposits 
    
   
 69,386 
   
   
   
 488 
   
    
   
 0.70 
   
   
   
 64,730 
   
   
   
 238 
   
    
   
 0.37 
   
   
   
 63,519 
   
   
   
 168 
   
    
   
 0.26    
   
 
   Certificates $100,000 and over 
    
   
 2,426 
   
   
   
 41 
   
    
   
 1.69 
   
   
   
 2,564 
   
   
   
 36 
   
    
   
 1.38 
   
   
   
 2,735 
   
   
   
 36 
   
    
   
 1.30    
   
 
   Other deposits 
    
   
 476 
   
   
   
 9 
   
    
   
 1.94 
   
   
   
 277 
   
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 1.05 
   
   
   
 333 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 0.41    
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
   
 1,509 
   
   
   
 30 
   
    
   
 1.97 
   
   
   
 557 
   
   
   
 6 
   
    
   
 1.01 
   
   
   
 506 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 0.39    
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 1,611 
   
   
   
 29 
   
    
   
 1.82 
   
   
   
 3,158 
   
   
   
 30 
   
    
   
 0.96 
   
   
   
 2,845 
   
   
   
 10 
   
    
   
 0.36    
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 14,551 
   
   
   
 446 
   
    
   
 3.06 
   
   
   
 13,804 
   
   
   
 378 
   
    
   
 2.74 
   
   
   
 15,394 
   
   
   
 361 
   
    
   
 2.35    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total interest-bearing liabilities 
    
 $ 
 89,959 
   
   
   
 1,043 
   
    
   
 1.16 
 %  
   
 $ 
 85,090 
   
   
   
 691 
   
    
   
 0.81 
 %  
   
 $ 
 85,332 
   
   
   
 578 
   
    
   
 0.68% 
   
 
   Demand deposits 
    
   
 32,634 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 35,093 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 35,862 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 3,603 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,897 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 4,497 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 126,196 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 124,080 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 125,691 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total equity 
    
 $ 
 15,987 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 16,447 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 16,482 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and equity 
    
 $ 
   142,183 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
   140,527 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
   142,173 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income (FTE) (b) 

    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
   4,156 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
   3,824 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 3,640 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Net interest margin (FTE) (b) 

    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 3.22 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 3.03 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2.88% 
   
 
   Net interest rate spread
(FTE) (b) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2.87 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2.76 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2.66    
   
 
   Interest-bearing liabilities to interest-earning assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 69.79 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 67.37 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 67.57    
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The FTE adjustments included in the above table were  $16 , $26 and $25 for the years
ended  December  31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Net interest income (FTE), net interest margin (FTE) and net interest rate spread (FTE) are  non-GAAP  measures. For further information, refer to the  Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD&A.  
      53  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 8: CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO VOLUME AND
YIELD/RATE (a)  
     
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 
    
 2018 Compared to 2017 
   
   
   
   
    
 2017 Compared to 2016 
   
 
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
     Volume 
   
   
 Yield/Rate 
   
    
     Total 
   
   
   
   
    
     Volume     
   
   
   Yield/Rate 
   
    
 Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest-earning assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 41 
   
   
   
 271 
   
    
   
 312 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 155 
   
    
   
 101    
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 49 
   
    
   
 42 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (2) 
   
   
   
 29 
   
    
   
 27    
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 18 
   
   
   
 43 
   
    
   
 61 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 27 
   
   
   
 27 
   
    
   
 54    
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 30 
   
    
   
 26 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 (26) 
   
    
   
 (23)   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 48 
   
   
   
 393 
   
    
   
 441 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (26) 
   
   
   
 185 
   
    
   
 159    
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 11 
   
    
   
 14 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 34 
   
   
   
 (3) 
   
    
   
 31    
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 47 
   
    
   
 16 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (27) 
   
   
   
 35 
   
    
   
 8    
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 41 
   
    
   
 29 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (37) 
   
   
   
 22 
   
    
   
 (15)   
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 17 
   
   
   
 9 
   
    
   
 26 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (7) 
   
   
   
 46 
   
    
   
 39    
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 61 
   
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 64 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 23 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 24    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
    
   
 38 
   
   
   
 111 
   
    
   
 149 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (14) 
   
   
   
 101 
   
    
   
 87    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 86 
   
   
   
 504 
   
    
   
 590 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (40) 
   
   
   
 286 
   
    
   
 246    
   
 
   Securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Taxable 
    
   
 44 
   
   
   
 42 
   
    
   
 86 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 64 
   
   
   
 (21) 
   
    
   
 43    
   
 
   Exempt from income taxes 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1    
   
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 9 
   
    
   
 10 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (2) 
   
   
   
 9 
   
    
   
 7    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total change in interest income 
    
 $ 
 130 
   
   
   
 554 
   
    
   
           684 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 22 
   
   
   
 275 
   
    
   
           297    
   
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest-bearing liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest checking deposits 
    
 $ 
 15 
   
   
   
 128 
   
    
   
 143 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 47 
   
    
   
 51    
   
 
   Savings deposits 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 6 
   
    
   
 6 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (1) 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 1    
   
 
   Money market deposits 
    
   
 7 
   
   
   
 81 
   
    
   
 88 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 20 
   
    
   
 21    
   
 
   Foreign office deposits 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -    
   
 
   Other time deposits 
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 8 
   
    
   
 13 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (3) 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (3)   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total interest-bearing core deposits 
    
   
 27 
   
   
   
 223 
   
    
   
 250 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 69 
   
    
   
 70    
   
 
   Certificates $100,000 and over 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
    
   
 5 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (2) 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 -    
   
 
   Other deposits 
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 6 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 2    
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 9 
   
    
   
 24 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 4    
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 19 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 19 
   
    
   
 20    
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 22 
   
   
   
 46 
   
    
   
 68 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 56 
   
    
   
 17    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total change in interest expense 
    
 $ 
 45 
   
   
   
 307 
   
    
   
 352 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 151 
   
    
   
 113    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total change in net interest income 
    
 $ 
                 85 
   
   
   
 247 
   
    
   
 332 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 60 
   
   
   
 124 
   
    
   
 184    
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Changes in interest not solely due to volume or yield/rate are allocated in proportion to the absolute
dollar amount of change in volume and yield/rate.  
   
  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses  
 The Bancorp provides as an expense an amount for probable losses within the loan and lease portfolio that is based on factors previously
discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies section of MD&A. The provision is recorded to bring the ALLL to a level deemed appropriate by the Bancorp to cover losses inherent in the portfolio. Actual credit losses on loans and leases are
charged against the ALLL. The amount of loans and leases actually removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets is referred to as a  charge-off.  Net charge-offs include current period charge-offs less recoveries
on previously  charged-off  loans and leases.    The provision for loan and lease
losses was $237 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $261 million for the same period in the prior year. The decrease in provision expense for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the prior year
 

  
was primarily due to a decrease in the level of commercial criticized assets combined with overall improved credit quality, partially offset by an increase in outstanding commercial loan balances
and an increase in consumer reserve rates for certain products. The ALLL declined $93 million from December 31, 2017 to $1.1 billion at December 31, 2018. At December 31, 2018, the ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and
leases decreased to 1.16%, compared to 1.30% at December 31, 2017.    Refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection
of the Risk Management section of MD&A as well as Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more detailed information on the provision for loan and lease losses, including an analysis of loan and lease portfolio composition,
nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and other factors considered by the Bancorp in assessing the credit quality of the loan and lease portfolio and the ALLL.
   

      54  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  Noninterest Income  
 Noninterest income decreased $434 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017.
The following table presents the components of noninterest income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 9: COMPONENTS OF NONINTEREST INCOME 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018   
   
   
    2017   
   
    
    2016   
   
    
    2015   
   
    
    2014        
   
 
     
   
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
 $ 
 549 
   
   
   
 554 
   
    
   
 558 
   
    
   
 563 
   
    
   
 560       
   
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 444 
   
   
   
 419 
   
    
   
 404 
   
    
   
 418 
   
    
   
 407       
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 438 
   
   
   
 353 
   
    
   
 432 
   
    
   
 384 
   
    
   
 430       
   
 
   Card and processing revenue 
    
   
 329 
   
   
   
 313 
   
    
   
 319 
   
    
   
 302 
   
    
   
 295       
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
   
 212 
   
   
   
 224 
   
    
   
 285 
   
    
   
 348 
   
    
   
 310       
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 887 
   
   
   
 1,357 
   
    
   
 688 
   
    
   
 979 
   
    
   
 450       
   
 
   Securities (losses) gains, net 
    
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 21       
   
 
   Securities (losses) gains, net -  non-qualifying  hedges on
MSRs 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
 $ 
       2,790 
   
   
   
 3,224 
   
    
   
 2,696 
   
    
   
 3,003 
   
    
   
 2,473       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Service charges on deposits  
 Service charges on deposits decreased $5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31,
2017 primarily due to a decrease of $13 million in commercial deposit fees, partially offset by an increase of $8 million in consumer deposit fees.  
 Wealth and asset management revenue  
 Wealth and asset management revenue increased $25 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase from the prior year was primarily due to increases of $16 million and $10 million, respectively, in private client service fees and brokerage fees. These increases were driven by an increase in average
assets under management as a result of market performance and increased asset inflows during the year ended December 31, 2018. The Bancorp’s trust and registered investment advisory businesses had approximately $356 billion and
$362 billion in total assets under care as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and managed $37 billion in assets for individuals, corporations and
 not-for-profit  organizations as of both December 31, 2018 and 2017.  
 Corporate banking revenue    Corporate
banking revenue increased $85 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31,
 

  
2017. The increase from the prior year was primarily driven by increases in lease remarketing fees, institutional sales revenue, syndication fees and contract revenue from commercial customer
derivatives of $46 million, $18 million, $13 million and $11 million, respectively. The increase in lease remarketing fees for the year ended December 31, 2018 included the impact of a $52 million impairment charge
related to certain operating lease assets that was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017. These benefits were partially offset by decreases of $7 million and $6 million, respectively, in letter of credit fees and business
lending fees from the year ended December 31, 2017.    Card and processing revenue  
 Card and processing revenue increased $16 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31,
2017 primarily driven by increases in the number of actively used cards and customer spend volume.    Mortgage banking net revenue  
 Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $12 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31,
2017.    
      The following table
presents the components of mortgage banking net revenue:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 10: COMPONENTS OF MORTGAGE BANKING NET REVENUE 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016        
   
 
     
   
 
   Origination fees and gains on loan sales 
    
 $ 
 100 
   
   
   
 138 
   
   
   
 186       
   
 
   Net mortgage servicing revenue: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gross mortgage servicing fees 
    
   
 216 
   
   
   
             206 
   
   
   
 199       
   
 
   MSR amortization 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
             (131)      
   
 
   Net valuation adjustments on MSRs and free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge
MSRs 
    
   
           (104 
 )  
   
   
 (120 
 )  
   
   
 31       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net mortgage servicing revenue 
    
   
 112 
   
   
   
 86 
   
   
   
 99       
   
 
     
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
 $ 
 212 
   
   
   
 224 
   
   
   
 285       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Origination fees and gains on loan sales decreased $38 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by a decrease in originations and lower margins due to the interest rate environment. Residential mortgage loan originations decreased to $7.1 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2018 from $8.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017.
 
  Net mortgage servicing revenue increased $26 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to a decrease in net negative valuation adjustments on MSRs of $16 million and an increase in gross mortgage servicing fees of $10 million. Refer to
Table 11 for the components of net valuation adjustments on the MSR portfolio and the impact of the  non-qualifying  hedging strategy.
   

      55  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 11: COMPONENTS OF NET VALUATION ADJUSTMENTS ON MSRs     

    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018   
   
   
   2017   
   
   
   2016       
   
 
     
   
 
   Changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically
hedge the MSR portfolio 
    
 $ 
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 24       
   
 
   Changes in fair value: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Due to changes in inputs or assumptions 
    
   
 42 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 -       
   
 
   Other changes in fair value 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (121 
 )  
   
   
 -       
   
 
   Recovery of MSR impairment 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 7       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net valuation adjustments on MSRs and free-standing derivatives purchased to economically
hedge MSRs 
    
 $ 
           (104 
 )  
   
   
 (120 
 )  
   
   
 31       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Mortgage rates increased during the year ended December 31, 2018 which caused modeled
prepayment speeds to slow. The fair value of the MSR portfolio increased $42 million due to changes to inputs to the valuation model including prepayment speeds and OAS spread assumptions and decreased $125 million due to the passage of
time, including the impact of regularly scheduled repayments, paydowns and payoffs for the year ended December 31, 2018.  
 Mortgage rates decreased during the year ended December 31, 2017 which caused the modeled prepayment speeds to
increase, which led to fair value adjustments on servicing rights. The fair value of the MSR portfolio decreased $1 million due to changes to inputs to the valuation model including prepayment speeds and OAS spread assumptions and decreased
$121 million due to passage of time, including the impact of regularly scheduled repayments, paydowns and payoffs for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Further detail on the valuation of MSRs can be found in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The
Bancorp maintains a  non-qualifying  hedging strategy to manage a portion of
 

  
the risk associated with changes in the valuation of the MSR portfolio. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the free-standing derivatives
used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio.    In addition to the derivative positions used to economically hedge the
MSR portfolio, the Bancorp acquires various securities as a component of its  non-qualifying  hedging strategy. The Bancorp recognized net losses of $15 million during the year ended December 31, 2018,
and net gains of $2 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, recorded in securities (losses) gains, net -  non-qualifying  hedges on MSRs in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of
Income.    The Bancorp’s total residential mortgage loans serviced at December 31, 2018 and 2017 were
$79.2 billion and $76.1 billion, respectively, with $63.2 billion and $60.0 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans serviced for others.
   
      Other noninterest
income        The following table presents the components of other noninterest income:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 12: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME     
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
      
 2018 
   
    
 2017   
   
   
 2016          
   
 
     
   
 
   Gain related to Vantiv, Inc.’s acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. 
      
 $ 
 414      
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -       
   
 
   Gain on sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares 
      
   
 205      
   
    
   
 1,037 
   
   
   
 -       
   
 
   Operating lease income 
      
   
 84      
   
    
   
 96 
   
   
   
 102       
   
 
   Private equity investment income 
      
   
 63      
   
    
   
 36 
   
   
   
 11       
   
 
   BOLI income 
      
   
 56      
   
    
   
 52 
   
   
   
 53       
   
 
   Cardholder fees 
      
   
 56      
   
    
   
 54 
   
   
   
 46       
   
 
   Consumer loan and lease fees 
      
   
 23      
   
    
   
 23 
   
   
   
 23       
   
 
   Banking center income 
      
   
 21      
   
    
   
 20 
   
   
   
 20       
   
 
   Income from the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc. 
      
   
 20      
   
    
   
 44 
   
   
   
 313       
   
 
   Insurance income 
      
   
 20      
   
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 11       
   
 
   Net gains (losses) on loan sales 
      
   
 2      
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 10       
   
 
   Equity method income from interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC 
      
   
 1      
   
    
   
 47 
   
   
   
 66       
   
 
   Loss on swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
      
   
 (59)     
   
    
   
 (80 
 )  
   
   
 (56)      
   
 
   Net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment 
      
   
 (43)     
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (13)      
   
 
   Valuation adjustments on the warrant associated with Worldpay Holding, LLC 
      
   
 -      
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 64       
   
 
   Gain on sales of certain retail branches 
      
   
 -      
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 19       
   
 
   Gain on sale and exercise of the warrant associated with Worldpay Holding, LLC 
      
   
 -      
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 9       
   
 
   Other, net 
      
   
 24      
   
    
   
 22 
   
   
   
 10       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other noninterest income 
      
 $ 
       887      
   
    
   
 1,357 
   
   
   
 688       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Other noninterest income decreased $470 million for the year ended December 31, 2018
compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the gain on sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares recognized in the prior year, a reduction in equity method income from the Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC, the impact of
the net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment and income from the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc. recognized in the prior year. These reductions were partially offset by the gain related to Vantiv, Inc.’s
acquisition of Worldpay Group plc., an increase in private equity investment
 

  
income, as well as a decrease in the loss on the swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares.  
 The Bancorp recognized a $205 million gain on the sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares for the year ended December 31,
2018 compared to a $1.0 billion gain on the sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares for the year ended December 31, 2017. The Bancorp also recognized a $414 million gain related to Vantiv, Inc.’s acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. for the
year ended December 31, 2018. For more information, refer to Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    

      56  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
Equity method income from the Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC decreased $46 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to a decrease in the Bancorp’s ownership percentage in Worldpay Holding, LLC from approximately 8.6% as of December 31, 2017 to approximately 3.3% as of December 31, 2018 and the impact of a reduction in Worldpay
Holding, LLC’s net income for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the prior year. Income from the TRA associated with Worldpay Inc. was $20 million during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $44 million for
the year ended December 31, 2017.    Net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment
increased $43 million during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was driven by the impact of impairment charges of $45 million during the year ended December 31, 2018
compared to $7 million during the year ended December 31, 2017. For more
 

  
information, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Private equity investment income increased $27 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the same
period in the prior year primarily due to valuation adjustments on certain private equity investments. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Bancorp recognized negative valuation adjustments of $59 million related to the Visa total
return swap compared to negative valuation adjustments of $80 million during the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease from the prior period was primarily attributable to the impact of litigation developments during 2017. For
additional information on the valuation of the swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares, refer to Note 16, Note 17 and Note 26 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
   

   
  Noninterest Expense  
 Noninterest expense increased $146 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017,
primarily due to increases in personnel costs (salaries, wages and incentives plus employee benefits) and technology and communications expense, partially offset by a decrease in other
 

  
noninterest expense. Additionally, the Bancorp recognized $31 million in merger-related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2018.
   
      The following table
presents the components of noninterest expense:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 13: COMPONENTS OF NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018     
   
    
 2017    
   
      
 2016    
   
      
 2015    
   
      
 2014            
   
 
     
   
 
   Salaries, wages and incentives 
    
 $ 
 1,783 
   
    
   
 1,633 
   
      
   
 1,612 
   
      
   
 1,525 
   
      
   
 1,449         
   
 
   Employee benefits 
    
   
 332 
   
    
   
 356 
   
      
   
 339 
   
      
   
 323 
   
      
   
 334         
   
 
   Net occupancy expense 
    
   
 292 
   
    
   
 295 
   
      
   
 299 
   
      
   
 321 
   
      
   
 313         
   
 
   Technology and communications 
    
   
 285 
   
    
   
 245 
   
      
   
 234 
   
      
   
 224 
   
      
   
 212         
   
 
   Card and processing expense 
    
   
 123 
   
    
   
 129 
   
      
   
 132 
   
      
   
 153 
   
      
   
 141         
   
 
   Equipment expense 
    
   
 123 
   
    
   
 117 
   
      
   
 118 
   
      
   
 124 
   
      
   
 121         
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 990 
   
    
   
 1,007 
   
      
   
 1,026 
   
      
   
 977 
   
      
   
 1,022         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
 $ 
         3,928 
   
    
   
 3,782 
   
      
   
 3,760 
   
      
   
 3,647 
   
      
   
 3,592         
   
 
     
   
 
   Efficiency ratio on an FTE
basis (a) 
    
   
 56.5 
 %  
    
   
 53.7 
   
      
   
 59.3 
   
      
   
 55.6 
   
      
   
 59.2         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   This is a  non-GAAP  measure. For further information, refer to the  Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD&A.  
   
  Personnel costs increased $126 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared
to the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by increases in base compensation, performance-based compensation and severance costs. The increase in base compensation was primarily due to an increase in the Bancorp’s minimum wage as a result
of benefits received from the TCJA and personnel additions associated with strategic investments and
 

  
acquisitions. Full-time equivalent employees totaled 17,437 at December 31, 2018 compared to 18,125 at December 31, 2017.  
 Technology and communications expense increased $40 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2017 driven primarily by increased investment in regulatory, compliance and growth initiatives.    

      57  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table presents the components of other noninterest expense:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 14: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
      
 2018     
   
    
 2017     
   
      
 2016          
   
 
     
   
 
   Marketing 
      
 $ 
 147 
   
    
   
 114 
   
      
   
 104       
   
 
   FDIC insurance and other taxes 
      
   
 119 
   
    
   
 127 
   
      
   
 126       
   
 
   Loan and lease 
      
   
 112 
   
    
   
 102 
   
      
   
 110       
   
 
   Operating lease 
      
   
 76 
   
    
   
 87 
   
      
   
 86       
   
 
   Professional service fees 
      
   
 67 
   
    
   
 83 
   
      
   
 61       
   
 
   Losses and adjustments 
      
   
 61 
   
    
   
 59 
   
      
   
 73       
   
 
   Data processing 
      
   
 57 
   
    
   
 58 
   
      
   
 51       
   
 
   Travel 
      
   
 52 
   
    
   
 46 
   
      
   
 45       
   
 
   Postal and courier 
      
   
 35 
   
    
   
 42 
   
      
   
 46       
   
 
   Recruitment and education 
      
   
 32 
   
    
   
 35 
   
      
   
 37       
   
 
   Donations 
      
   
 21 
   
    
   
 28 
   
      
   
 23       
   
 
   Supplies 
      
   
 13 
   
    
   
 14 
   
      
   
 14       
   
 
   Insurance 
      
   
 13 
   
    
   
 12 
   
      
   
 15       
   
 
   (Gain) loss on partnership investments 
      
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 14 
   
      
   
 25       
   
 
   (Benefit from) provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments 
      
   
 (30 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
      
   
 23       
   
 
   Other, net 
      
   
 219 
   
    
   
 186 
   
      
   
 187       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other noninterest expense 
      
 $ 
           990 
   
    
   
 1,007 
   
      
   
 1,026       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Other noninterest expense decreased $17 million for the year ended December 31, 2018
compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in the benefit from the reserve for unfunded commitments, gains on partnership investments and decreases in professional service fees and FDIC insurance and other taxes,
partially offset by increases in marketing expense and loan and lease expense.    The benefit from the reserve for
unfunded commitments increased $30 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to overall improved credit quality. Gains on partnership investments were $4 million for
the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to losses of $14 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. Professional service fees decreased $16 million for the year ended
 

  
December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to decreases in legal and consulting fees. FDIC insurance and other taxes decreased $8 million for the
year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the elimination of the FDIC surcharge in the fourth quarter of 2018. Marketing expense increased $33 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018 compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to promotional offers during the year ended December 31, 2018. Loan and lease expense increased $10 million for the year ended December 31, 2018
compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by an increase in loan servicing expenses on  point-of-sale  loans as a result of growth in  point-of-sale  originations.    

   
  Applicable Income Taxes  
 Applicable income tax expense for all periods includes the benefit from  tax-exempt  income,  tax-advantaged  investments, certain gains on sales of leveraged leases that are exempt from federal taxation and tax credits (and other related tax benefits), partially offset by the effect of proportional
amortization of qualifying LIHTC investments and certain nondeductible expenses. The tax credits are associated with the  Low-Income  Housing Tax Credit program established under Section 42 of the IRC, the
New Markets Tax Credit program established under Section 45D of the IRC, the Rehabilitation Investment Tax Credit program established under Section 47 of the IRC and the Qualified Zone Academy Bond program established under
Section 1397E of the IRC.    The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were
primarily impacted by $189 million and $206 million, respectively, of  low-income  housing tax credits and other tax benefits and $23 million and $34 million of tax benefits from tax exempt
income in 2018 and 2017, respectively and were partially offset by $154 million and $223 million of proportional amortization related to qualifying LIHTC investments. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2017 was
also impacted by a $253 million benefit from the remeasurement of deferred taxes as a result of the reduction in the federal income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent for years beginning after December 31, 2017. The decrease
in the effective tax rate from the year ended December 31, 2016 to the year ended December 31, 2017 was primarily related to the remeasurement of deferred taxes mentioned
 

  
above, partially offset by the impact of an increase in income before taxes.  
 The U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation, the TCJA, on December 22, 2017. The TCJA made broad and
complex changes to the U.S. tax code including, but not limited to, reducing the federal statutory corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. U.S. GAAP requires the
Bancorp to recognize the tax effects of changes in tax laws and rates on its deferred taxes in the period in which the law is enacted. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2017, the Bancorp remeasured its deferred tax assets and
liabilities and recognized an income tax benefit of approximately $253 million. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Bancorp was subject to a federal statutory corporate tax rate of 35 percent. For years beginning after
December 31, 2017, the Bancorp is subject to a federal statutory corporate tax rate of 21 percent.    For
stock-based awards, U.S. GAAP requires that the tax consequences for the difference between the expense recognized for financial reporting and the Bancorp’s actual tax deduction for the stock-based awards be recognized through income tax
expense in the interim periods in which they occur. The Bancorp cannot predict its stock price or whether and when its employees will exercise stock-based awards in the future. Based on its stock price at December 31, 2018, the Bancorp
estimates that it may be necessary to recognize $6 million of additional income tax benefit over the next twelve months related to the settlement of stock-based awards, primarily in the first half of 2019. However, the amount of income tax
expense or benefit recognized upon settlement may vary significantly from expectations based on the Bancorp’s stock price and the number of SARs exercised by employees.
   

      58  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The Bancorp’s income before income taxes, applicable income tax expense and effective
tax rate are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 15: APPLICABLE INCOME TAXES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014         
   
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
         2,765 
   
   
   
             2,979 
   
    
   
             2,208 
   
    
   
             2,493 
   
    
   
             2,145         
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
    
   
 572 
   
   
   
 799 
   
    
   
 665 
   
    
   
 814 
   
    
   
 692         
   
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 20.7 
 %  
   
   
 26.8 
   
    
   
 30.1 
   
    
   
 32.6 
   
    
   
 32.3         
   
 
     
   
 
      59  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW  
  
 
  The Bancorp reports on four business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer
Lending and Wealth and Asset Management. Additional information on each business segment is included in Note 29 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management
structure and management accounting practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for
other financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management’s accounting practices and businesses change.  
 The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level. By employing an FTP methodology, the business
segments are insulated from most benchmark interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through the origination of loans and acceptance of deposits. The FTP methodology assigns charge and credit rates to classes of assets
and liabilities, respectively, based on the estimated amount and timing of cash flows for each transaction. Assigning the FTP rate based on matching the duration of the cash flows allocates interest income and interest expense to each business
segment so its resulting net interest income is insulated from future changes in benchmark interest rates. The Bancorp’s FTP methodology also allocates the contribution to net interest income of the asset-generating and deposit-providing
businesses on a duration-adjusted basis to better attribute the driver of the performance. As the asset and liability durations are not perfectly matched, the residual impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate and Other. The
charge and credit rates are determined using the FTP rate curve, which is based on an estimate of Fifth Third’s marginal borrowing cost in the wholesale funding markets. The FTP curve is constructed using the U.S. swap curve, brokered CD
pricing and unsecured debt pricing.  
  The Bancorp adjusts the FTP charge and credit rates as dictated by changes in
interest rates for various interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and by the review of behavioral assumptions, such as prepayment rates on interest-earning assets and the estimated durations for indeterminate-lived deposits. Key
assumptions, including the credit rates provided for deposit accounts, are reviewed annually. Credit rates for deposit products and charge rates for loan products may be reset more frequently in response to changes in market conditions. The credit
rates for several deposit products were reset January 1, 2018 to reflect the current market rates and updated market assumptions. These rates were generally higher than those in place during 2017, thus net interest income for deposit-providing
business segments was positively impacted during 2018. FTP charge rates on assets were affected by the prevailing level of interest rates and by the duration and repricing characteristics of the portfolio. As overall market rates increased, the FTP
charge increased for asset-generating business segments during 2018.    The Bancorp’s methodology for allocating
provision for loan and lease losses expense to the business segments includes charges or benefits associated with changes in criticized commercial loan levels in addition to actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans and leases owned by each
business segment. Provision for loan and lease losses expense attributable to loan and lease growth and changes in ALLL factors is captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared
services and headquarters expenses. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit.  
 The results of operations and financial position for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were adjusted to
reflect changes in internal expense allocation methodologies as well as a change in accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments.
   
      The following table
summarizes net income (loss) by business segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 16: NET INCOME (LOSS) BY BUSINESS SEGMENT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
   
 2018 
   
   
   
         2017 
   
    
   
         2016       
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Statement Data 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial Banking 
    
 $ 
             1,139 
   
   
   
 827 
   
    
   
 1,014       
   
 
   Branch Banking 
    
   
 702 
   
   
   
 455 
   
    
   
 390       
   
 
   Consumer Lending 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 17 
   
    
   
 50       
   
 
   Wealth and Asset Management 
    
   
 97 
   
   
   
 65 
   
    
   
 86       
   
 
   General Corporate and Other 
    
   
 256 
   
   
   
 816 
   
    
   
 3       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
             2,193 
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
    
   
 1,543       
   
 
     
   
 
      60  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  
  Commercial Banking  
 Commercial Banking offers credit intermediation, cash management and financial services to large and middle-market businesses and government
and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and depository offerings, Commercial Banking
 

  
products and services include global cash management, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public
finance, commercial leasing and syndicated finance.        
      The following table
contains selected financial data for the Commercial Banking segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 17: COMMERCIAL BANKING 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018   
   
   
 2017  
   
    
 2016         
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Statement Data 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income (FTE) (a) 

    
 $ 
 1,729 
   
   
   
 1,678 
   
    
   
 1,839       
   
 
   (Benefit from) provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 38 
   
    
   
 76       
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 432 
   
   
   
 348 
   
    
   
 430       
   
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
   
 273 
   
   
   
 287 
   
    
   
 292       
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 212 
   
   
   
 203 
   
    
   
 185       
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 344 
   
   
   
 294 
   
    
   
 296       
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 919 
   
   
   
 940 
   
    
   
 932       
   
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes (FTE) 
    
   
 1,409 
   
   
   
 1,244 
   
    
   
 1,442       
   
 
   Applicable income tax
expense (a)(b) 
    
   
 270 
   
   
   
 417 
   
    
   
 428       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 1,139 
   
   
   
 827 
   
    
   
 1,014       
   
 
     
   
 
   Average Balance Sheet Data 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial loans and leases, including held for sale 
    
 $ 
       54,748 
   
   
   
     53,743 
   
    
   
     54,597       
   
 
   Demand deposits 
    
   
 16,560 
   
   
   
 19,519 
   
    
   
 20,735       
   
 
   Interest checking deposits 
    
   
 12,203 
   
   
   
 9,080 
   
    
   
 8,582       
   
 
   Savings and money market deposits 
    
   
 4,128 
   
   
   
 5,337 
   
    
   
 6,686       
   
 
   Other time deposits and certificates $100,000 and over 
    
   
 377 
   
   
   
 899 
   
    
   
 1,046       
   
 
   Foreign office deposits 
    
   
 362 
   
   
   
 372 
   
    
   
 496       
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes FTE adjustments of  $16 , $26 and $25 for the years ended
 December  31, 2018,  2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Applicable income tax expense for all periods includes the tax benefit from
 tax-exempt  income,  tax-advantaged  investments and tax credits partially offset by the effect of certain nondeductible expenses. Refer to the Applicable Income Taxes
subsection of the Statements of Income Analysis section of MD&A for additional information.  
   
  Comparison of the year ended 2018 with 2017  
 Net income was $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to net income of $827 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase in net income was driven by increases in noninterest income and net interest income on an FTE basis and a decrease in the provision for loan and lease losses partially offset by an increase in noninterest
expense.    Net interest income on an FTE basis increased $51 million from the year ended December 31, 2017
primarily driven by increases in yields on average commercial loans and leases and increases in FTP credits on interest checking deposits. These increases were partially offset by increases in FTP charge rates on loans and leases, increases in the
rates paid on core deposits and decreases in FTP credits on demand deposits driven by lower average balances.    Provision
for loan and lease losses decreased $64 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by a decrease in commercial criticized asset levels partially offset by an increase in net charge-offs. Net charge-offs as a percent of
average portfolio loans and leases decreased to 18 bps for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to 19 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Noninterest income increased $79 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by an increase in
corporate banking revenue and other noninterest income partially offset by a decrease in service charges on deposits. Corporate banking revenue increased $84 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by increases in lease
remarketing fees, institutional sales revenue, syndication fees, contract revenue from commercial customer derivatives and foreign exchange fees partially offset by
 

  
decreases in letter of credit fees and business lending fees. The increase in lease remarketing fees for the year ended December 31, 2018 included the impact of $52 million of
impairment charges related to certain operating lease assets that were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017. Other noninterest income increased $9 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an
increase in private equity investment income. Service charges on deposits decreased $14 million from the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Noninterest expense increased $29 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 due to an increase in personnel
costs partially offset by a decrease in other noninterest expense. Personnel costs increased $50 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increased incentive compensation and base compensation. Other noninterest
expense decreased $21 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the impact of gains and losses on partnership investments and decreases in operating lease expense and consulting expense partially offset by an increase
in corporate overhead allocations.    Average commercial loans increased $1.0 billion from the year ended
December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in average commercial and industrial loans and average commercial construction loans partially offset by decreases in average commercial leases and average commercial mortgage loans. Average
commercial and industrial loans increased $973 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 as a result of an increase in loan originations, a decrease in payoffs and an increase in drawn balances on existing revolving lines of credit.
Average commercial construction loans increased $404 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in draw levels on existing commitments.
   

      61  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
Average commercial leases decreased $218 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of a planned reduction in indirect
 non-relationship  based lease originations. Average commercial mortgage loans decreased $154 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 due to an increase in paydowns in the fourth quarter of 2017
and lower loan origination activity through the first two quarters of 2018.    Average core deposits decreased
$1.1 billion from the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was driven by decreases in average demand deposits of $3.0 billion and average savings and money market deposits of $1.2 billion compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017 primarily due to lower average balances per account. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in average interest checking deposits of $3.1 billion compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily
due to balance migration from demand deposit accounts and an increase in average balances per commercial customer account as well as the acquisition of new commercial customers.  
 Comparison of the year ended 2017 with 2016  
 Net income was $827 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to net income of $1.0 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The decrease in net income was driven by decreases in net interest income and noninterest income and an increase in noninterest expense partially offset by a decrease in the provision for loan and lease losses.  
 Net interest income on an FTE basis decreased $161 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven
by increases in FTP charge rates on loans and leases and increases in the rates paid of core deposits. The decrease in net interest income was partially offset by increases in yields on average commercial loans and leases of 37 bps from the year
ended December 31, 2016.    Provision for loan and lease losses decreased $38 million from the year ended
December 31, 2016 primarily driven by a decrease in net charge-offs on commercial and industrial loans partially offset by a reduction in the benefit from commercial criticized assets. Net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and
leases decreased to 19 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to 33 bps for the year ended December 31, 2016.  
 Noninterest income decreased $69 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by a decrease in
corporate
 

  
banking revenue partially offset by an increase in other noninterest income. Corporate banking revenue decreased $82 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 driven by a decrease
in lease remarketing fees of $62 million which included $52 million of impairment charges related to certain operating lease assets for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $20 million during the year ended
December 31, 2016. Additionally, corporate banking revenue included a $15 million decrease in foreign exchange fees and a $6 million decrease in letter of credit fees for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year
ended December 31, 2016. Other noninterest income increased $18 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 driven by an increase in private equity investment income primarily due to gains on the sale of certain private equity
investments.    Noninterest expense increased $6 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily as a
result of an increase in other noninterest expense driven by increases in corporate overhead allocations partially offset by decreases in losses on partnership investments.  
 Average commercial loans decreased $854 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to a decrease
in average commercial and industrial loans partially offset by an increase in average commercial construction loans. Average commercial and industrial loans decreased $1.7 billion from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily as a result
of deliberate exits from certain loans that did not meet the Bancorp’s risk-adjusted profitability targets and softer loan demand. Average commercial construction loans increased $725 million from the year ended December 31, 2016
primarily due to increases in demand and draw levels on existing commitments.    Average core deposits decreased
$2.2 billion from the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily driven by decreases in average savings and money market deposits and average demand deposits which decreased $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion,
respectively, from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to lower average balances per account. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in average interest checking deposits of $498 million from the year ended
December 31, 2016 primarily due to the acquisition of new customers.    

      62  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  Branch Banking  
 Branch Banking provides a full range of deposit and loan products to individuals and small businesses through 1,121 full-service banking
centers. Branch Banking offers depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home equity loans
 

  
and lines of credit, credit cards and loans for automobiles and other personal financing needs, as well as products designed to meet the specific needs of small businesses, including cash
management services.    
      The following table
contains selected financial data for the Branch Banking segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 18: BRANCH BANKING 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018  
   
    
 2017  
   
    
 2016           
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Statement Data 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 2,034 
   
    
   
 1,782 
   
    
   
 1,669       
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 171 
   
    
   
 153 
   
    
   
 138       
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
   
 275 
   
    
   
 265 
   
    
   
 265       
   
 
   Card and processing revenue 
    
   
 266 
   
    
   
 251 
   
    
   
 253       
   
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 150 
   
    
   
 141 
   
    
   
 140       
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 63 
   
    
   
 99 
   
    
   
 97       
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 536 
   
    
   
 526 
   
    
   
 520       
   
 
   Net occupancy and equipment expense 
    
   
 225 
   
    
   
 228 
   
    
   
 234       
   
 
   Card and processing expense 
    
   
 121 
   
    
   
 127 
   
    
   
 128       
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 846 
   
    
   
 800 
   
    
   
 801       
   
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 889 
   
    
   
 704 
   
    
   
 603       
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
    
   
 187 
   
    
   
 249 
   
    
   
 213       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 702 
   
    
   
 455 
   
    
   
 390       
   
 
     
   
 
   Average Balance Sheet Data 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consumer loans, including held for sale 
    
 $ 
 13,034 
   
    
   
     13,008 
   
    
   
     13,572       
   
 
   Commercial loans 
    
   
 1,938 
   
    
   
 1,918 
   
    
   
 1,870       
   
 
   Demand deposits 
    
   
       14,336 
   
    
   
 13,895 
   
    
   
 13,332       
   
 
   Interest checking deposits 
    
   
 10,187 
   
    
   
 10,226 
   
    
   
 9,659       
   
 
   Savings and money market deposits 
    
   
 29,473 
   
    
   
 27,603 
   
    
   
 25,974       
   
 
   Other time deposits and certificates $100,000 and over 
    
   
 5,348 
   
    
   
 4,965 
   
    
   
 5,205       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Comparison of the year ended 2018 with 2017  
 Net income was $702 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to net income of $455 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase was driven by an increase in net interest income partially offset by increases in noninterest expense and the provision for loan and lease losses.  
 Net interest income increased $252 million from the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due
to increases in FTP credit rates on core deposits as well as increases in interest income on other consumer loans driven by higher average balances. These benefits were partially offset by increases in FTP charge rates on loans and leases and
increases in the rates paid on savings and money market deposits. In addition, the increase in net interest income was partially offset by the impact of a $12 million benefit in the first quarter of 2017 related to a revised estimate of refunds
to be offered to certain bankcard customers.    Provision for loan and lease losses increased $18 million from the
year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in net charge-offs on other consumer loans and credit card. Net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases increased to 114 bps for the year ended December 31,
2018 compared to 102 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017.    Noninterest income decreased $2 million from
the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by a decrease in other noninterest income partially offset by increases in card and processing revenue, service charges on deposits and wealth and asset management revenue. Other noninterest
income decreased $36 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the impact of impairments on bank premises and equipment. Card and processing revenue increased $15 million from the year
 

  
ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by increases in the number of actively used cards and customer spend volume. Service charges on deposits increased $10 million from the year
ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in consumer deposit fees. Wealth and asset management revenue increased $9 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by increases in private client service fees
and brokerage fees.    Noninterest expense increased $47 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily
due to increases in other noninterest expense and personnel costs. Other noninterest expense increased $46 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in corporate overhead allocations and loan and lease
expense. Personnel costs increased $10 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to higher base compensation driven by an increase in the Bancorp’s minimum wage as a result of benefits received from the TCJA.  
 Average consumer loans increased $26 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by an increase
in average other consumer loans of $1.0 billion primarily due to growth in  point-of-sale  loan originations. This increase from the year ended December 31, 2017
was partially offset by decreases in average home equity loans of $530 million and average residential mortgage loans of $310 million as payoffs exceeded new loan production.  
 Average core deposits increased $2.6 billion from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by growth in
average savings and money market deposits of $1.9 billion and growth in average demand deposits of $441 million. Average savings and money market deposits increased as a result of promotional rate offers facilitated by the rising-rate
environment and growth in the Fifth Third Preferred Banking program.    

      63  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
Average demand deposits increased primarily due to an increase in average balances per customer account and the acquisition of new customers driven by increased marketing efforts. Other time
deposits and certificates $100,000 and over increased $383 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to shifting customer preferences as a result of the rising-rate environment.  
 Comparison of the year ended 2017 with 2016  
 Net income was $455 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to net income of $390 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase was driven by an increase in net interest income partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan and lease losses.  
 Net interest income increased $113 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to an increase in
FTP credits driven by an increase in average core deposits, an increase in FTP credit rates on core deposits and increases in yields on average consumer and commercial loans. These benefits to net interest income were partially offset by increases
in FTP charge rates on loans and leases and increases in the rates paid on core deposits. Additionally, interest income from credit cards included the impact of a $12 million benefit related to a revised estimate of refunds offered to certain
bankcard customers in the first quarter of 2017 compared to a $16 million reduction in interest income for the expected refunds in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
 Provision for loan and lease losses increased $15 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 as net charge-offs
as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases increased to 102 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to 91 bps for the year ended December 31, 2016.  
 Noninterest income increased $1 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by an increase in
other noninterest income partially offset by a decrease in card and processing revenue. Other noninterest income increased $2 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to impairment charges on bank premises and equipment
of $7 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $32 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2016 as well as an increase of $8 million in ATM transaction fees from the year ended
December 31, 2016. These positive impacts for the year
 

  
ended December 31, 2017 were partially offset by the recognition of $19 million of gains on the sales of retail branch operations in the St. Louis and Pittsburgh MSAs during the year
ended December 31, 2016, as well as a gain of $11 million on the sale of the agent bankcard loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016. Card and processing revenue decreased $2 million from the year ended December 31, 2016
primarily driven by higher rewards costs.    Noninterest expense decreased $2 million from the year ended
December 31, 2016 primarily due to decreases in net occupancy and equipment expense and other noninterest expense partially offset by an increase in personnel costs. Net occupancy and equipment expense decreased $6 million from the year
ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to a decrease in rent expense driven by a reduction in the number of full-service banking centers and ATM locations. Other noninterest expense decreased $1 million from the year ended December 31,
2016 primarily driven by a decrease in corporate overhead allocations partially offset by increases in marketing expense and FDIC insurance and other taxes. Personnel costs increased $6 million from the year ended December 31, 2016
primarily due to an increase in incentive compensation partially offset by a decrease in base compensation.    Average
consumer loans decreased $564 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by a decrease in average home equity loans and average residential mortgage loans of $547 million and $236 million, respectively, as
payoffs exceeded new loan production. These declines were partially offset by an increase in average other consumer loans of $285 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to growth in  point-of-sale  loan originations.    Average core deposits increased
$2.5 billion from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by growth in average savings and money market deposits of $1.6 billion, growth in average interest checking deposits of $567 million and growth in average demand
deposits of $563 million. The growth in average savings and money market deposits, average interest checking deposits and average demand deposits was driven by an increase in average balances per customer account and acquisition of new
customers.    

      64  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  Consumer Lending  
 Consumer Lending includes the Bancorp’s residential mortgage, home equity, automobile and other indirect lending activities. Direct
lending activities include the origination, retention and servicing of residential mortgage and home equity loans or lines of credit, sales and securitizations of those loans, pools of loans or lines of credit
 

  
and all associated hedging activities. Indirect lending activities include extending loans to consumers through correspondent lenders and automobile dealers.
   
      The following table
contains selected financial data for the Consumer Lending segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 19: CONSUMER LENDING 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
    
 2016       
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Statement Data 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 237 
   
   
   
 240 
   
    
   
 248       
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 42 
   
   
   
 40 
   
    
   
 44       
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
   
 206 
   
   
   
 217 
   
    
   
 277       
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 20 
   
    
   
 26       
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 192 
   
   
   
 189 
   
    
   
 195       
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 210 
   
   
   
 222 
   
    
   
 235       
   
 
     
   
 
   (Loss) income before income taxes 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 26 
   
    
   
 77       
   
 
   Applicable income tax (benefit) expense 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 9 
   
    
   
 27       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 17 
   
    
   
 50       
   
 
     
   
 
   Average Balance Sheet Data 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans, including held for sale 
    
 $ 
       11,803 
   
   
   
         11,494 
   
    
   
 10,530       
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 243 
   
   
   
 293 
   
    
   
 356       
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,676 
   
   
   
 8,939 
   
    
   
         10,172       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Comparison of the year ended 2018 with 2017  
 Consumer Lending incurred a net loss of $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to net income of $17 million
for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was driven by a decrease in noninterest income partially offset by a decrease in noninterest expense.  
 Net interest income decreased $3 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by an increase in
FTP charge rates on loans and leases partially offset by increases in yields on average automobile loans and average residential mortgage loans.  
 Provision for loan and lease losses increased $2 million from the year ended December 31, 2017. Net charge-offs as
a percent of average portfolio loans and leases increased to 21 bps for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to 20 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Noninterest income decreased $32 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by decreases in other
noninterest income and mortgage banking net revenue. Other noninterest income decreased $21 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in the loss on securities related to
 non-qualifying  hedges on MSRs resulting from increased interest rates. Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $11 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by a decrease in
mortgage origination fees and gains on loan sales partially offset by an increase in net mortgage servicing revenue. Refer to the Noninterest Income subsection of the Statements of Income Analysis section of MD&A for additional information on
the fluctuations in mortgage banking net revenue.    Noninterest expense decreased $9 million from the year ended
December 31, 2017 driven by a decrease in other noninterest expense partially offset by an increase in personnel costs. Other noninterest expense decreased $12 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to decreases
in corporate overhead allocations and operational losses. Personnel costs increased $3 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in base compensation.
 
  Average consumer loans decreased $4 million from the year ended
December 31, 2017. Average automobile loans decreased $263 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 as payoffs exceeded new loan production due to a strategic shift focusing on improving risk-adjusted returns. Average home equity
decreased $50 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 as the vintage portfolio continues to pay down. Average residential mortgage loans increased $309 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by the
continued retention of certain agency conforming ARMs and certain other fixed-rate loans.    Comparison of the year ended 2017 with 2016  
 Net income was $17 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to net income of $50 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The decrease was driven by a decrease in noninterest income partially offset by a decrease in noninterest expense.  
 Net interest income decreased $8 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by an increase in
FTP charges on loans and leases partially offset by an increase in yields on average automobile loans.    Provision for
loan and lease losses decreased $4 million from the year ended December 31, 2016. Net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases decreased to 20 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to 22 bps for the
year ended December 31, 2016.    Noninterest income decreased $66 million from the year ended December 31,
2016 driven primarily by a decrease in mortgage banking net revenue. Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $60 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by decreases of $48 million and $12 million in
mortgage origination fees and gains on loan sales and net mortgage servicing revenue, respectively. Refer to the Noninterest Income subsection of the Statements of Income Analysis section of MD&A for additional information on the fluctuations in
mortgage banking net revenue.    

      65  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  Noninterest expense decreased $19 million from the year ended
December 31, 2016 driven by decreases in other noninterest expense and personnel costs. Other noninterest expense decreased $13 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by a decrease in corporate overhead
allocations. Personnel costs decreased $6 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by decreases in incentive and base compensation.  
 Average consumer loans decreased $332 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 as a decrease in average
automobile loans was partially offset by an increase in average residential mortgage loans. Average automobile loans decreased $1.2 billion from the
 

  
year ended December 31, 2016 as payoffs exceeded new loan production due to a strategic shift focusing on improving risk-adjusted returns. Average residential mortgage loans, including held
for sale, increased $964 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to the continued retention of certain agency conforming ARMs and certain other fixed-rate loans originated during the year ended December 31, 2017.
   

   
  Wealth and Asset Management  
 Wealth and Asset Management provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and  not-for-profit  organizations. Wealth and Asset Management is made up of four main businesses: FTS; Fifth Third Insurance Agency; Fifth Third Private Bank; and Fifth Third Institutional Services. FTS offers
full-service retail brokerage services to individual clients and broker-dealer services to the institutional marketplace. Fifth Third
 

  
Insurance Agency assists clients with their financial and risk management needs. Fifth Third Private Bank offers holistic strategies to affluent clients in wealth planning, investing, insurance
and wealth protection. Fifth Third Institutional Services provides advisory services for institutional clients including states and municipalities.
   
      The following table
contains selected financial data for the Wealth and Asset Management segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 20: WEALTH AND ASSET MANAGEMENT     
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
      
 2017 
   
      
 2016         
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Statement Data 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 182 
   
      
   
 154 
   
      
   
 168         
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 12 
   
      
   
 6 
   
      
   
 1         
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 429 
   
      
   
 407 
   
      
   
 391         
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 27 
   
      
   
 12 
   
      
   
 8         
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 202 
   
      
   
 181 
   
      
   
 168         
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 302 
   
      
   
 287 
   
      
   
 264         
   
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 122 
   
      
   
 99 
   
      
   
 134         
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
    
   
 25 
   
      
   
 34 
   
      
   
 48         
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 97 
   
      
   
 65 
   
      
   
 86         
   
 
     
   
 
   Average Balance Sheet Data 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Loans and leases, including held for sale 
    
 $ 
         3,421 
   
      
   
 3,277 
   
      
   
 3,135         
   
 
   Core deposits 
    
   
 9,332 
   
      
   
 8,782 
   
      
   
 8,554         
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Comparison of the year ended 2018 with 2017  
 Net income was $97 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to net income of $65 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase in net income was driven by increases in noninterest income and net interest income partially offset by increases in noninterest expense and the provision for loan and lease losses.  
 Net interest income increased $28 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in FTP
credit rates on interest checking deposits and savings and money market deposits as well as increases in yields on average loans and leases. These positive impacts were partially offset by increases in the rates paid on interest checking deposits as
well as an increase in FTP charge rates on loans and leases.    Provision for loan and lease losses increased
$6 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by an increase in net charge-offs partially offset by the impact of the benefit of lower commercial criticized assets. Net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and
leases increased to 52 bps for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to 11 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Noninterest income increased $37 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 due to increases in wealth and
asset management revenue and other noninterest income. Wealth and asset management revenue increased $22 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in private
 

  
client service fees and brokerage fees. These increases were driven by an increase in average assets under management as a result of market performance and increased asset production. Other
noninterest income increased $15 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 due to an increase in insurance income as a result of the full year impact of acquisitions from 2017.  
 Noninterest expense increased $36 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 due to increases in personnel
costs and other noninterest expense. Personnel costs increased $21 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 due to higher base compensation and incentive compensation primarily driven by the aforementioned acquisitions completed
during 2017. Other noninterest expense increased $15 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by an increase in corporate overhead allocations.  
 Average loans and leases increased $144 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 driven by increases in
average commercial and industrial loans and average residential mortgage loans due to increases in loan origination activity. These increases were partially offset by a decline in average home equity balances.  
 Average core deposits increased $550 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in
average interest checking deposits and average savings and money market deposits.    

      66  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  Comparison of the year ended 2017 with 2016  
 Net income was $65 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to net income of $86 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The decrease in net income was driven by an increase in noninterest expense and a decrease in net interest income partially offset by an increase in noninterest income.  
 Net interest income decreased $14 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to increases in FTP
charge rates on loans and leases as well as increases in the rates paid on interest checking deposits. These negative impacts were partially offset by increases in interest income on loans and leases as a result of increases in yields and average
balances. The decrease was also partially offset by an increase in FTP credits on interest checking deposits and savings and money market deposits.  
 Provision for loan and lease losses increased $5 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by
an increase in net charge-offs on commercial and industrial loans.    Noninterest income increased $20 million from
the year ended December 31, 2016 due to increases in wealth and asset management revenue and other noninterest income. Wealth and asset management revenue increased $16 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to an
increase in private client service fees driven by an increase in assets under management as a result of strong market performance and the impact of an acquisition in the second quarter of 2017. Other noninterest income increased $4 million from
the year ended December 31, 2016 driven by an increase in insurance income as a result of acquisitions in the first and fourth quarters of 2017.  
 Noninterest expense increased $36 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 due to increases in other
noninterest expense and personnel costs. Other noninterest expense increased $23 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 driven by an increase in corporate overhead allocations. Personnel costs increased $13 million from the
year ended December 31, 2016 due to higher base compensation primarily driven by the aforementioned acquisitions completed during 2017 as well as higher incentive compensation.  
 Average loans and leases increased $142 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 driven by an increase in
average residential mortgage loans due to increases in new loan origination activity. This increase was partially offset by a decline in average home equity balances.  
 Average core deposits increased $228 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to increases in
average interest checking deposits and average savings and money market deposits.    General Corporate and Other  
 General Corporate and Other includes the unallocated portion of the investment securities portfolio, securities gains and losses, certain  non-core  deposit funding, unassigned equity, unallocated provision for loan and lease losses expense or a benefit from the reduction of the ALLL, the payment of preferred stock dividends and certain support
activities and other items not attributed to the business segments.    Comparison of the year ended 2018 with 2017  
 Net interest income increased $4 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by an increase in the benefit
related to the FTP charge rates on loans and leases as well as an increase in interest income on taxable securities. These benefits were partially offset by increases in FTP credit rates on deposits allocated to the business segments and increases
in interest expense on long-term debt and federal funds purchased.
 
  Provision for loan and lease losses increased $14 million from the year
ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to the decrease in the allocation of provision expense to the business segments driven by a decrease in commercial criticized assets.  
 Noninterest income decreased $510 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily driven by the
recognition of a $1.0 billion gain on the sale of Vantiv, Inc. (now Worldpay, Inc.) shares during the third quarter of 2017. The decrease was partially offset by the recognition of a $205 million gain on the sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares
during the second quarter of 2018 and a $414 million gain related to Vantiv, Inc.’s acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. during the first quarter of 2018. Additionally, equity method earnings from the Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay
Holding, LLC decreased $46 million from the year ended December 31, 2017 primarily due to a decrease in the Bancorp’s ownership interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC and the impact of a reduction in Worldpay Holding, LLC net income.
Income from the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc. decreased to $20 million during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $44 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. These decreases were partially offset by a decrease
in the loss on the swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Bancorp recognized negative valuation adjustments of $59 million related to the Visa total return swap compared
to negative valuation adjustments of $80 million during the year ended December 31, 2017.    Noninterest expense
increased $49 million from the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel expenses, technology and communications expense and marketing expense partially offset by an increase in corporate
overhead allocations from General Corporate and Other to the other business segments and an increased benefit from the reserve for unfunded commitments from the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Comparison of the year ended 2017 with 2016  
 Net interest income increased $254 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily driven by an increase in the benefit
related to the FTP charges on loans and leases as well as an increase in interest income on taxable securities. These positive impacts were partially offset by increases in FTP credit rates on deposits allocated to the business segments, a decrease
in interest income on loans and leases as well as an increase in interest expense on long-term debt.    Provision for loan
and lease losses decreased $60 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to a reduction in the benefit for commercial criticized assets allocated to the business segments coupled with an increase in the benefit from the
reduction in the ALLL.    Noninterest income increased $643 million from the year ended December 31, 2016
primarily driven by the recognition of a $1.0 billion gain on the sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares during the third quarter of 2017. The increase was partially offset by the impact of a $280 million gain recognized during the third quarter of
2016 from the termination and settlement of gross cash flows from the existing Worldpay, Inc. TRA and the expected obligation to terminate and settle the remaining Worldpay, Inc. TRA cash flows upon the exercise of put or call options. This
termination did not impact the TRA payments of $44 million and $33 million recognized in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The year ended December 31, 2016 also included positive valuation adjustments on the stock warrant associated with
Worldpay Holding, LLC of $64 million. The stock warrant was not outstanding during 2017 as the Bancorp exercised the remaining warrant in Worldpay Holding, LLC during the fourth quarter of 2016 and recognized a gain of $9 million.
   

      67  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
The increase in noninterest income from December 31, 2016 was partially offset by negative valuation adjustments related to the Visa total return swap of $80 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 compared with $56 million for the prior year. Additionally, equity method earnings from the Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC decreased $19 million from the year ended December 31, 2016.
Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2016 also included a gain of $11 million on the sale-leaseback of an office complex during the third quarter of 2016.
 
  Noninterest expense increased $2 million from the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to increases in personnel costs and technology and communications expense partially offset by a decrease in the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments and an increase in corporate
overhead allocations from General Corporate and Other to the other business segments.    

      68  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  FOURTH QUARTER REVIEW  
  
 
  The Bancorp’s 2018 fourth quarter net income available to common shareholders was
$432 million, or $0.64 per diluted share, compared to net income available to common shareholders of $421 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2018 and net income available to common shareholders of
$504 million, or $0.70 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2017.    Net interest income on an FTE basis was
$1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of $38 million from the third quarter of 2018 and $122 million from the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase from both the previous quarter and fourth quarter of 2017 was
reflective of growth in commercial and industrial loans and the securities portfolio balance as well as higher short-term market rates, partially offset by increases in the rates paid on average interest-bearing core deposits and average long-term
debt. The increase in net interest income in comparison to the fourth quarter of 2017 was also impacted by a $27 million remeasurement related to the tax treatment of leveraged leases resulting from the TCJA in the fourth quarter of 2017.  
 Noninterest income was $575 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of $12 million compared to the
third quarter of 2018 and a decrease of $2 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase from the third quarter of 2018 was primarily due to increases in corporate banking revenue and other noninterest income, partially offset by
an increase in securities losses, net. The year-over-year decrease was primarily the result of an increase in securities losses, net and decreases in other noninterest income, partially offset by an increase in corporate banking revenue.  
 Service charges on deposits were $135 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, a decrease of $4 million compared to
the previous quarter and $3 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. The decreases from both the previous quarter and the fourth quarter of 2017 were primarily driven by a decrease in commercial deposit fees.  
 Corporate banking revenue was $130 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of $30 million compared to
the third quarter of 2018 and $53 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. The increases from both the previous quarter and the fourth quarter of 2017 were primarily driven by increases in institutional sales revenue and syndication
fees. The increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 was also impacted by a $25 million lease remarketing impairment in the fourth quarter of 2017.  
 Mortgage banking net revenue was $54 million for the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to $49 million in the third
quarter of 2018 and $54 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase in mortgage banking net revenue compared to the third quarter of 2018 was primarily driven by lower negative net valuation adjustments on MSRs partially offset by lower
origination fees and gains on loan sales. Mortgage banking net revenue is affected by net valuation adjustments, which include MSR valuation adjustments caused by fluctuating OAS spreads, earning rates and prepayment speeds, as well as  mark-to-market  adjustments on free-standing derivatives used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. Net negative valuation adjustments on MSRs were $24 million and
$33 million in the fourth and third quarters of 2018, respectively, and $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Originations for the fourth quarter of 2018 were $1.6 billion, compared with $1.9 billion in both the previous
quarter and the fourth quarter of 2017. Originations for the fourth quarter of 2018 resulted in gains of $23 million on mortgages sold, compared with gains of $25 million for the previous quarter and $32 million for the fourth quarter
of 2017. Gross mortgage servicing fees were $54 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, $56 million in the third quarter of 2018 and $54 million in the fourth quarter of 2017.
 
  Wealth and asset management revenue was $109 million for the fourth
quarter of 2018, a decrease of $5 million from the previous quarter and an increase of $3 million from the fourth quarter of 2017. The decrease from the third quarter of 2018 was primarily driven by lower institutional trust and brokerage
fees. The increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 was primarily driven by increases in private client service fees and brokerage fees.  
 Card and processing revenue was $84 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of $2 million from the
third quarter of 2018 and $4 million from the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase from both the third quarter of 2018 and the fourth quarter of 2017 reflected increased customer credit card spend volume, partially offset by higher rewards.
   Other noninterest income was $93 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of $7 million compared
to the third quarter of 2018 and a decrease of $30 million from the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase from the third quarter of 2018 was primarily due to a benefit from the positive valuation adjustment on the Visa total return swap and
revenue recognized from Worldpay, Inc. related to the TRA, partially offset by a decrease in private equity investment income and the impact of the net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment. The decrease in other
noninterest income from the fourth quarter of 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in revenues from the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc., a reduction in equity method income from the Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC and a decrease
in private equity investment income. These reductions were partially offset by an increase in the benefit from the positive valuation adjustment on the Visa total return swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares.  
 The net losses on investment securities were $32 million for the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to $6 million in
the third quarter of 2018 and net gains of $1 million for the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase in losses from both the previous quarter and the fourth quarter of 2017 was primarily related to unrealized losses on equity securities. Net
gains on securities held as  non-qualifying  hedges for MSRs were $2 million for the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to net losses of $1 million for the third quarter of 2018 and $2 million for
the fourth quarter of 2017.    Noninterest expense was $977 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of
$7 million from the previous quarter and $2 million from the fourth quarter of 2017. The increases in noninterest expense compared to both the previous quarter and the fourth quarter of 2017 were primarily related to increases in
technology and communications expense and personnel costs, partially offset by decreases in other noninterest expense. The increase in technology and communications expense was driven primarily by increased investment in regulatory, compliance and
growth initiatives. The increase in personnel costs was driven by increases in base and performance-based compensation. The increase in base compensation was primarily due to an increase in the Bancorp’s minimum wage as a result of benefits
received from the TCJA and personnel additions associated with strategic investments and acquisitions. The decrease in other noninterest expense from the third quarter of 2018 included a reduction in FDIC insurance and other taxes due to the
elimination of the FDIC surcharge, partially offset by an increase in professional service fees. The decrease in other noninterest expense from the fourth quarter of 2017 was primarily due to a reduction in donations expense and the aforementioned
decrease in FDIC insurance and other taxes, partially offset by an increase in marketing expense. Additionally, the Bancorp recognized $27 million in merger-related expenses during the fourth quarter of 2018.
   

      69  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  The ALLL as a percentage of portfolio loans and leases was 1.16% as of
December 31, 2018, compared to 1.17% as of September 30, 2018 and 1.30% as of December 31, 2017. The provision for loan and lease losses was $95 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared with $86 million in the third
quarter of 2018 and $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Net losses
 

  
 charged-off  were $83 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, or 35 bps of average portfolio loans and leases on an annualized basis, compared with net
losses  charged-off  of $72 million in the third quarter of 2018 and $76 million in the fourth quarter of 2017.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 21: QUARTERLY INFORMATION (unaudited) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the three months ended 
 ($ in millions, except per share data) 
   
    
    
 12/31/2018 
   
   
    
    
 9/30/2018 
    
 6/30/2018 
   
   
    
    
 3/31/2018 
   
 
   
   
   
    
 Pre-LIHTC Adjustment 
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   


 
   Net interest income
(FTE) (a)(c) 
   
 $ 
    
   
 1,085  
   
    
   
 1,085  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,047  
   
    
   
 1,047  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,024  
   
    
   
 1,024  
   
   
 
    
   
 999  
   
    
   
 999  
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease
losses (c) 
   
 
    
   
 95  
   
    
   
 95  
   
   
 
    
   
 86  
   
    
   
 86  
   
   
 
    
   
 33  
   
    
   
 33  
   
   
 
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 23  
   
 
   Noninterest income (c) 
   
 
    
   
 575  
   
    
   
 575  
   
   
 
    
   
 563  
   
    
   
 563  
   
   
 
    
   
 743  
   
    
   
 743  
   
   
 
    
   
 909  
   
    
   
 909  
   
 
   Noninterest expense (b) 
   
 
    
   
 1,013  
   
    
   
 977  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,008  
   
    
   
 970  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,037  
   
    
   
 982  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,046 
   
    
   
 1,000  
   
 
   Net income attributable to
Bancorp (b) 
   
 
    
   
 451  
   
    
   
 455  
   
   
 
    
   
 433  
   
    
   
 436  
   
   
 
    
   
 586  
   
    
   
 602  
   
   
 
    
   
 704  
   
    
   
 701  
   
 
   Net income available to common
shareholders (b) 
   
 
    
   
 428  
   
    
   
 432  
   
   
 
    
   
 418  
   
    
   
 421  
   
   
 
    
   
 563  
   
    
   
 579  
   
   
 
    
   
 689  
   
    
   
 686  
   
 
   Earnings per share -
basic (b) 
   
 
    
   
 0.65  
   
    
   
 0.65  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.62  
   
    
   
 0.62  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.81  
   
    
   
 0.84  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.99  
   
    
   
 0.98  
   
 
   Earnings per share -
diluted (b) 
   
 
    
   
 0.64  
   
    
   
 0.64  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.61  
   
    
   
 0.61  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.80  
   
    
   
 0.82  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.97  
   
    
   
 0.96  
   
 
 
      
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the three months ended 
 ($ in millions, except per share data) 
   
    
    
 12/31/2017 
   
   
    
    
 9/30/2017 
    
 6/30/2017 
   
   
    
    
 3/31/2017 
   
 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
   
   
    
 As           Originally     Reported     
   
    
 As Adjusted 
   
 
   Net interest income
(FTE) (a)(c) 
   
 $ 
    
   
 963  
   
    
   
 963  
   
   
 
    
   
 977  
   
    
   
 977  
   
   
 
    
   
 945  
   
    
   
 945  
   
   
 
    
   
 939  
   
    
   
 939  
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease
losses (c) 
   
 
    
   
 67  
   
    
   
 67  
   
   
 
    
   
 67  
   
    
   
 67  
   
   
 
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 52  
   
   
 
    
   
 74  
   
    
   
 74  
   
 
   Noninterest income (c) 
   
 
    
   
 577  
   
    
   
 577  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,561  
   
    
   
 1,561  
   
   
 
    
   
 564  
   
    
   
 564  
   
   
 
    
   
 523  
   
    
   
 523  
   
 
   Noninterest expense (b) 
   
 
    
   
 1,073  
   
    
   
 975  
   
   
 
    
   
 975  
   
    
   
 936  
   
   
 
    
   
 957  
   
    
   
 921  
   
   
 
    
   
 986  
   
    
   
 951  
   
 
   Net income attributable to
Bancorp (b) 
   
 
    
   
 509  
   
    
   
 527  
   
   
 
    
   
 1,014  
   
    
   
 992  
   
   
 
    
   
 367  
   
    
   
 359  
   
   
 
    
   
 305  
   
    
   
 302  
   
 
   Net income available to common
shareholders (b) 
   
 
    
   
 486  
   
    
   
 504  
   
   
 
    
   
 999  
   
    
   
 977  
   
   
 
    
   
 344  
   
    
   
 336  
   
   
 
    
   
 290  
   
    
   
 287  
   
 
   Earnings per share -
basic (b) 
   
 
    
   
 0.68  
   
    
   
 0.71  
   
   
 
    
   
 1.37  
   
    
   
 1.34  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.46  
   
    
   
 0.45  
   
   
 
    
   
 0.38  
   
    
   
 0.38  
   
 
   Earnings per share - diluted (b) 
   
   
    
   
 0.67  
   
    
   
 0.70  
   
   
   
    
   
 1.35  
   
    
   
 1.32  
   
   
   
    
   
 0.45  
   
    
   
 0.44  
   
   
   
    
   
 0.38  
   
    
   
 0.37  
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Amounts presented on an FTE basis. The FTE adjustment was  $4  for the three months
ended  December  31, 2018 ,  September  30, 2018  and  June  30,
2018  and $ 3  for the three months ended  March  31, 2018 . The FTE adjustment was $7 for the both the three months ended December 31, 2017 and
September 30, 2017 and $6 for both the three months ended June 30, 2017 and March 31, 2017.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Net interest income, provision for loan and lease losses and noninterest income were not impacted as a
result of the Bancorp’s change in accounting policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.  
   
  COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED 2017 WITH 2016  
 The Bancorp’s net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $2.1 billion, or $2.81 per
diluted share, which was net of $75 million in preferred stock dividends. The Bancorp’s net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $1.5 billion, or $1.91 per diluted share, which was net
of $75 million in preferred stock dividends.    The provision for loan and lease losses decreased to
$261 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $343 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to the decrease in the level of commercial criticized assets, which reflected improvement in the
national economy and stabilization of commodity prices, and a decrease in outstanding loan balances. Net losses  charged-off  as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases decreased to 0.32% for the year
ended December 31, 2017 compared to 0.39% for the year ended December 31, 2016.    Net interest income on an FTE
basis  (non-GAAP)  was $3.8 billion and $3.6 billion for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Net interest income was positively impacted by an increase in yields on average
loans and leases, an increase in average taxable securities and a decrease in average long-term debt for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. Additionally, net interest income was positively
 

  
impacted by the decisions of the FOMC to raise the target range of the federal funds rate 25 bps in December 2016, March 2017, June 2017 and December 2017. These positive impacts were partially
offset by a decrease in average loans and leases and increases in the rates paid on average other short-term borrowings, average long-term debt and average interest-bearing core deposits for the year ended December 31, 2017. Net interest margin
on an FTE basis  (non-GAAP)  was 3.03% and 2.88% for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 Noninterest income increased $528 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2016 primarily due to an increase in other noninterest income, partially offset by decreases in corporate banking revenue and mortgage banking net revenue. Other noninterest income increased $669 million from the year ended
December 31, 2016 primarily due to the gain on sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares, an increase in private equity investment income and the impact of the net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment for the year ended
December 31, 2016. These benefits were partially offset by the impact of certain transactions that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 which included the impact of income from the TRA transactions associated with Worldpay,
Inc., positive valuation adjustments and the gain on sale of the warrant associated with Worldpay Holding, LLC and gains on the sales of certain retail branch operations.
   

      70  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
The year ended December 31, 2017 also included an increase in the loss on the swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares and a reduction in equity method income from the
Bancorp’s interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC. Corporate banking revenue decreased $79 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to decreases in lease remarketing fees, foreign exchange fees and letter of credit fees.
Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $61 million from the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to a decrease in origination fees and gains on loan sales.  
 Noninterest expense increased $22 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2016 primarily due to increases in personnel costs and technology and communications expense, partially offset by a decrease in other noninterest expense. Personnel costs increased $38 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 driven by increases in base compensation,
 

  
medical and FICA expenses and long-term incentive compensation, partially offset by a decrease in severance costs related to the Bancorp’s voluntary early retirement program in 2016. The
increase in personnel costs also included the impact of  one-time  employee bonuses that the Bancorp paid as a result of benefits received from the TCJA. Technology and communication expense increased
$11 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to increased investment in regulatory, compliance and growth initiatives. Other noninterest expense decreased $19 million
for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to decreases in the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments, losses and adjustments and losses on partnership investments, partially
offset by increases in professional service fees and marketing expense.    

      71  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS  
  
 
  Loans and Leases  
 The Bancorp classifies its commercial loans and leases based upon primary purpose and consumer loans based upon product or collateral. Table
22 summarizes end of period loans and leases,
 

  
including loans and leases held for sale and Table 23 summarizes average total loans and leases, including loans and leases held for sale.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 22: COMPONENTS OF LOANS AND LEASES (INCLUDING LOANS AND LEASES HELD FOR SALE) 
   


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
     2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014     
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 44,407 
   
    
   
     41,170 
   
    
   
     41,736 
   
    
   
     42,151 
   
    
   
     40,801     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 6,977 
   
    
   
 6,610 
   
    
   
 6,904 
   
    
   
 6,991 
   
    
   
 7,410     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,657 
   
    
   
 4,553 
   
    
   
 3,903 
   
    
   
 3,214 
   
    
   
 2,071     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,600 
   
    
   
 4,068 
   
    
   
 3,974 
   
    
   
 3,854 
   
    
   
 3,721     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 59,641 
   
    
   
 56,401 
   
    
   
 56,517 
   
    
   
 56,210 
   
    
   
 54,003     
   
 
     
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 16,041 
   
    
   
 16,077 
   
    
   
 15,737 
   
    
   
 14,424 
   
    
   
 13,582     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 6,402 
   
    
   
 7,014 
   
    
   
 7,695 
   
    
   
 8,336 
   
    
   
 8,886     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,976 
   
    
   
 9,112 
   
    
   
 9,983 
   
    
   
 11,497 
   
    
   
 12,037     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 2,470 
   
    
   
 2,299 
   
    
   
 2,237 
   
    
   
 2,360 
   
    
   
 2,401     
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 2,342 
   
    
   
 1,559 
   
    
   
 680 
   
    
   
 658 
   
    
   
 436     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
    
   
 36,231 
   
    
   
 36,061 
   
    
   
 36,332 
   
    
   
 37,275 
   
    
   
 37,342     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
         95,872 
   
    
   
 92,462 
   
    
   
 92,849 
   
    
   
 93,485 
   
    
   
 91,345     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases (excluding loans and leases held for sale) 
    
 $ 
 95,265 
   
    
   
 91,970 
   
    
   
 92,098 
   
    
   
 92,582 
   
    
   
 90,084     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Total loans and leases increased $3.4 billion from December 31, 2017. The increase
from December 31, 2017 was the result of a $3.2 billion, or 6%, increase in commercial loans and leases as well as a $170 million increase in consumer loans.  
 Commercial loans and leases increased from December 31, 2017 due to increases in commercial and industrial loans,
commercial mortgage loans and commercial construction loans, partially offset by a decrease in commercial leases. Commercial and industrial loans increased $3.2 billion, or 8%, from December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of an increase in
loan originations, a decrease in payoffs and an increase in drawn balances on existing revolving lines of credit during the year ended December 31, 2018. Commercial mortgage loans increased $367 million, or 6% from December 31, 2017
primarily due to an increase in loan originations and increases in permanent financing from the Bancorp’s commercial construction loan portfolio. Commercial construction loans increased $104 million, or 2%, from December 31, 2017
primarily due to increases in draw levels on existing commitments.
 

  
Commercial leases decreased $468 million, or 12%, from December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of a planned reduction in indirect
 non-relationship  based lease originations.    Consumer loans and leases increased
from December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in other consumer loans and credit card, partially offset by a decrease in home equity and automobile loans. Other consumer loans increased $783 million, or 50%, from December 31, 2017
primarily due to growth in  point-of-sale  loan originations. Credit card increased $171 million, or 7%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in
balance active customers and an increase in card usage resulting in an increase in the average balance per active customer. Home equity decreased $612 million, or 9%, from December 31, 2017 as payoffs exceeded new loan production.
Automobile loans decreased $136 million, or 1%, from December 31, 2017 as payoffs exceeded new loan production due to a strategic shift focusing on improving risk-adjusted returns.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 23: COMPONENTS OF AVERAGE LOANS AND LEASES (INCLUDING LOANS AND LEASES HELD FOR SALE) 
   


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
     2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014     
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 42,668 
   
    
   
     41,577 
   
    
   
     43,184 
   
    
   
     42,594 
   
    
   
     41,178     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 6,661 
   
    
   
 6,844 
   
    
   
 6,899 
   
    
   
 7,121 
   
    
   
 7,745     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,793 
   
    
   
 4,374 
   
    
   
 3,648 
   
    
   
 2,717 
   
    
   
 1,492     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,795 
   
    
   
 4,011 
   
    
   
 3,916 
   
    
   
 3,796 
   
    
   
 3,585     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 57,917 
   
    
   
 56,806 
   
    
   
 57,647 
   
    
   
 56,228 
   
    
   
 54,000     
   
 
     
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 16,150 
   
    
   
 16,053 
   
    
   
 15,101 
   
    
   
 13,798 
   
    
   
 13,344     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 6,631 
   
    
   
 7,308 
   
    
   
 7,998 
   
    
   
 8,592 
   
    
   
 9,059     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,993 
   
    
   
 9,407 
   
    
   
 10,708 
   
    
   
 11,847 
   
    
   
 12,068     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 2,280 
   
    
   
 2,141 
   
    
   
 2,205 
   
    
   
 2,303 
   
    
   
 2,271     
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1,905 
   
    
   
 1,016 
   
    
   
 661 
   
    
   
 571 
   
    
   
 385     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
    
   
 35,959 
   
    
   
 35,925 
   
    
   
 36,673 
   
    
   
 37,111 
   
    
   
 37,127     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total average loans and leases 
    
 $ 
         93,876 
   
    
   
 92,731 
   
    
   
 94,320 
   
    
   
 93,339 
   
    
   
 91,127     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total average portfolio loans and leases (excluding loans and leases held for sale) 
    
 $ 
 93,216 
   
    
   
 92,068 
   
    
   
 93,426 
   
    
   
 92,423 
   
    
   
 90,485     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Total average loans and leases increased $1.1 billion, or 1%, from December 31, 2017
as a result of a $1.1 billion, or 2%, increase in average commercial loans and leases and a $34 million increase in average consumer loans.
 
  Average commercial loans and leases increased from December 31, 2017
primarily due to increases in average commercial and industrial loans and average commercial construction loans, partially offset by decreases in average commercial leases and average commercial mortgage loans.
   

      72  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
Average commercial and industrial loans increased $1.1 billion, or 3%, from December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of an increase in loan originations, a decrease in payoffs and an
increase in drawn balances on existing revolving lines of credit. Average commercial construction loans increased $419 million, or 10%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in draw levels on existing commitments. Average
commercial leases decreased $216 million, or 5%, from December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of a planned reduction in indirect  non-relationship  based lease originations. Average commercial mortgage
loans decreased $183 million, or 3%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in paydowns in the fourth quarter of 2017 and lower loan origination activity through the first two quarters of 2018.  
 Average consumer loans increased from December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in other consumer loans, credit card
and residential mortgage loans, partially offset by decreases in home
 

  
equity and automobile loans. Average other consumer loans increased $889 million, or 88%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to growth in  point-of-sale  loan originations. Average credit card increased $139 million, or 6%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in balance active customers and an increase in card usage
resulting in an increase in the average balance per active customer. Average residential mortgage loans increased $97 million, or 1%, from December 31, 2017 primarily driven by the continued retention of certain agency conforming ARMs and
certain other fixed-rate loans. Average home equity decreased $677 million, or 9%, from December 31, 2017 as payoffs exceeded new loan production. Average automobile loans decreased $414 million, or 4%, from December 31, 2017 as
payoffs exceeded new loan production due to a strategic shift focusing on improving risk-adjusted returns.    

   
  Investment Securities  
 The Bancorp uses investment securities as a means of managing interest rate risk, providing collateral for pledging purposes and for liquidity
to satisfy regulatory requirements. Total investment securities were $33.6 billion and $32.7 billion at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. The taxable  available-for-sale  debt and other investment securities portfolio had an effective duration of 5.0 years at December 31, 2018 compared to 4.7 years at December 31, 2017.  
 Debt securities are classified as
 available-for-sale  when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in market conditions. Securities that management
has the intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as  held-to-maturity  and reported at amortized cost. Debt securities are classified as trading when bought
and held principally
 

  
for the purpose of selling them in the near term. At December 31, 2018, the Bancorp’s investment portfolio consisted primarily of  AAA-rated   available-for-sale  debt and other securities. The Bancorp held an immaterial amount in below-investment grade
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities at both December 31, 2018 and 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2018 the Bancorp did not recognize any OTTI on
its  available-for-sale  debt and other securities. For the year ended December 31, 2017 the Bancorp recognized $54 million of OTTI on its  available-for-sale  debt and other securities, included in securities (losses) gains, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for the Bancorp’s methodology for both classifying investment securities and evaluating securities in an unrealized loss position for OTTI.
   
      The following table
summarizes the end of period components of investment securities:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 24: COMPONENTS OF INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018     
   
    
 2017     
   
    
 2016     
   
    
 2015     
   
    
 2014         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities (amortized cost basis): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
    
 $ 
 98 
   
    
   
 98 
   
    
   
 547 
   
    
   
 1,155 
   
    
   
 1,545     
   
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 43 
   
    
   
 44 
   
    
   
 50 
   
    
   
 185     
   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
       Agency residential mortgage-backed securities (a) 
    
   
 16,403 
   
    
   
 15,281 
   
    
   
 15,525 
   
    
   
 14,811 
   
    
   
 11,968     
   
 
       Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 10,770 
   
    
   
 10,113 
   
    
   
 9,029 
   
    
   
 7,795 
   
    
   
 4,465     
   
 
       Non-agency  commercial
mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 3,305 
   
    
   
 3,247 
   
    
   
 3,076 
   
    
   
 2,801 
   
    
   
 1,489     
   
 
     Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
    
   
 1,998 
   
    
   
 2,183 
   
    
   
 2,106 
   
    
   
 1,363 
   
    
   
 1,324     
   
 
     Other
securities (b) 
    
   
 552 
   
    
   
 612 
   
    
   
 607 
   
    
   
 604 
   
    
   
 600     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities 
    
 $ 
         33,128 
   
    
   
         31,577 
   
    
   
         30,934 
   
    
   
         28,579 
   
    
   
         21,576     
   
 
     
   
 
   Held-to-maturity 
securities (amortized cost basis): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
    
 $ 
 16 
   
    
   
 22 
   
    
   
 24 
   
    
   
 68 
   
    
   
 186     
   
 
     Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 1     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total
 held-to-maturity  securities 
    
 $ 
 18 
   
    
   
 24 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 70 
   
    
   
 187     
   
 
     
   
 
   Trading debt securities (fair value): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
    
 $ 
 16 
   
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 14     
   
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
    
   
 35 
   
    
   
 22 
   
    
   
 39 
   
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 8     
   
 
     Agency residential mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 68 
   
    
   
 395 
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 9     
   
 
     Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
    
   
 168 
   
    
   
 63 
   
    
   
 15 
   
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 13     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total trading debt securities 
    
 $ 
 287 
   
    
   
 492 
   
    
   
 85 
   
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 44     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total equity securities (fair value) 
    
 $ 
 452 
   
    
   
 439 
   
    
   
 416 
   
    
   
 432 
   
    
   
 419     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes interest-only mortgage-backed securities recorded at fair value with fair value changes recorded
in securities (losses) gains, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Other securities consist of FHLB, FRB and DTCC restricted stock holdings that are carried at cost.
 
      73  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  On an amortized cost basis,
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities increased $1.6 billion, or 5%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in agency residential
mortgage-backed securities and agency commercial mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by decreases in asset-backed securities and other debt securities.  
 On an amortized cost basis,
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities were 25% of total interest-earning assets at both December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017. The estimated
weighted-average life of the debt securities in the  available-for-sale  debt and other securities portfolio was 6.5 years at both December 31, 2018 and 2017. In
addition, at December 31, 2018 and 2017 the  available-for-sale  debt and other securities portfolio had a weighted-average yield of 3.25% and 3.18%, respectively.
   Trading debt securities decreased $205 million from December 31, 2017 primarily due to a decrease in agency
residential mortgage-backed securities.  
  Information presented in Table 25 is on a weighted-average life basis,
anticipating future prepayments. Yield information is presented on an FTE basis and is computed using amortized cost balances. Maturity and yield calculations for the total
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities portfolio exclude other securities that have no stated yield or maturity. Total net unrealized losses on the  available-for-sale  debt and other securities portfolio were $298 million at December 31, 2018 compared to net unrealized gains of $174 million at
December 31, 2017. The fair value of investment securities is impacted by interest rates, credit spreads, market volatility and liquidity conditions. The fair value of investment securities generally decreases when interest rates increase or
when credit spreads expand.    
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 25: CHARACTERISTICS OF  AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE  DEBT AND OTHER SECURITIES 
     
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
       Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Life (in years) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average     Yield 
   
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Average life 1 – 5 years 
    
   
 98         
   
    
   
 97   
   
    
   
 4.1           
   
    
   
 2.12             
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             98         
   
    
   
 97   
   
    
   
 4.1           
   
    
   
 2.12 %         
   
 
   Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities: (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Average life of 1 year or less 
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 0.1           
   
    
   
 5.90             
   
 
    Average life 1 – 5 years 
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 2.1           
   
    
   
 5.90             
   
 
    Average life 5 – 10 years 
    
   
 2         
   
    
   
 2   
   
    
   
 5.6           
   
    
   
 -             
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2         
   
    
   
 2   
   
    
   
 5.3           
   
    
   
 0.54 %         
   
 
   Agency residential mortgage-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Average life 1 – 5 years 
    
   
 6,473         
   
    
   
 6,459   
   
    
   
 4.3           
   
    
   
 3.42             
   
 
    Average life 5 – 10 years 
    
   
 9,316         
   
    
   
 9,185   
   
    
   
 7.2           
   
    
   
 3.15             
   
 
    Average life greater than 10 years 
    
   
 614         
   
    
   
 603   
   
    
   
 11.2           
   
    
   
 3.12             
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 16,403         
   
    
   
 16,247   
   
    
   
 6.2           
   
    
   
 3.26 %         
   
 
   Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Average life 1 – 5 years 
    
   
 2,455         
   
    
   
 2,435   
   
    
   
 3.4           
   
    
   
 2.98             
   
 
    Average life 5 – 10 years 
    
   
 6,177         
   
    
   
 6,140   
   
    
   
 7.6           
   
    
   
 3.14             
   
 
    Average life greater than 10 years 
    
   
 2,138         
   
    
   
 2,075   
   
    
   
 11.5           
   
    
   
 3.13             
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 10,770         
   
    
   
 10,650   
   
    
   
 7.4           
   
    
   
 3.10 %         
   
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed
securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Average life of 1 year or less 
    
   
 1         
   
    
   
 1   
   
    
   
 0.9           
   
    
   
 3.90             
   
 
    Average life 1 – 5 years 
    
   
 866         
   
    
   
 866   
   
    
   
 4.4           
   
    
   
 3.29             
   
 
    Average life 5 – 10 years 
    
   
 2,438         
   
    
   
 2,400   
   
    
   
 6.5           
   
    
   
 3.26             
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 3,305         
   
    
   
 3,267   
   
    
   
 5.9           
   
    
   
 3.27 %         
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Average life of 1 year or less 
    
   
 22         
   
    
   
 22   
   
    
   
 0.5           
   
    
   
 3.42             
   
 
    Average life 1 – 5 years 
    
   
 1,191         
   
    
   
 1,207   
   
    
   
 3.5           
   
    
   
 4.24             
   
 
    Average life 5 – 10 years 
    
   
 635         
   
    
   
 636   
   
    
   
 6.7           
   
    
   
 3.86             
   
 
    Average life greater than 10 years 
    
   
 150         
   
    
   
 150   
   
    
   
 10.3           
   
    
   
 3.76             
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,998         
   
    
   
 2,015   
   
    
   
 5.0           
   
    
   
 4.08 %         
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 552         
   
    
   
 552   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Total  available-for-sale  debt and other securities 
    
 $ 
 33,128         
   
    
   
 32,830   
   
    
   
 6.5           
   
    
   
 3.25 %         
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Taxable-equivalent yield adjustments included in the above table are 0.00%, 0.48%, 0.00% and 0.03% for
securities with an average life of 1 year or less,  1-5  years,  5-10  years and in total, respectively.  
   
  Deposits  
 The Bancorp’s deposit balances represent an important source of funding and revenue growth opportunity. The Bancorp continues to focus on
core deposit growth in its retail and commercial franchises by improving customer satisfaction, building full relationships and
 

  
offering competitive rates. Average core deposits represented 72% and 71% of the Bancorp’s average asset funding base for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   

      74  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table presents the end of period components of deposits:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 26: COMPONENTS OF DEPOSITS 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
      2018 
   
      
 2017  
   
      
 2016   
   
      
 2015   
   
      
 2014           
   
 
   Demand 
    
 $ 
 32,116 
   
      
   
 35,276 
   
      
   
 35,782 
   
      
   
 36,267 
   
      
   
 34,809     
   
 
   Interest checking 
    
   
 34,058 
   
      
   
 27,703 
   
      
   
 26,679 
   
      
   
 26,768 
   
      
   
 26,800     
   
 
   Savings 
    
   
 12,907 
   
      
   
 13,425 
   
      
   
 13,941 
   
      
   
 14,601 
   
      
   
 15,051     
   
 
   Money market 
    
   
 22,597 
   
      
   
 20,097 
   
      
   
 20,749 
   
      
   
 18,494 
   
      
   
 17,083     
   
 
   Foreign office 
    
   
 240 
   
      
   
 484 
   
      
   
 426 
   
      
   
 464 
   
      
   
 1,114     
   
 
   Transaction deposits 
    
   
 101,918 
   
      
   
 96,985 
   
      
   
 97,577 
   
      
   
 96,594 
   
      
   
 94,857     
   
 
   Other time 
    
   
 4,490 
   
      
   
 3,775 
   
      
   
 3,866 
   
      
   
 4,019 
   
      
   
 3,960     
   
 
   Core deposits 
    
   
 106,408 
   
      
   
 100,760 
   
      
   
 101,443 
   
      
   
 100,613 
   
      
   
 98,817     
   
 
   Certificates $100,000 and
over (a) 
    
   
 2,427 
   
      
   
 2,402 
   
      
   
 2,378 
   
      
   
 2,592 
   
      
   
 2,895     
   
 
   Total deposits 
    
 $ 
         108,835 
   
      
   
     103,162 
   
      
   
     103,821 
   
      
   
     103,205 
   
      
   
     101,712     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes
 $1 . 2  billion,  $1.3 billion, $1.3 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.8 billion of institutional, retail and wholesale certificates $250,000 and
over at  December  31, 2018 , 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
   
  Core deposits increased $5.6 billion, or 6%, from December 31, 2017, driven by
increases of $4.9 billion and $715 million in transaction deposits and other time deposits, respectively. Transaction deposits increased from December 31, 2017 primarily due to increases in interest checking deposits and money market
deposits partially offset by a decrease in demand deposits. Interest checking deposits increased $6.4 billion, or 23%, from December 31, 2017 driven primarily by balance migration from demand deposit accounts and higher balances per
commercial customer account as well as the acquisition of new commercial customers. Money market deposits increased $2.5 billion, or 12%, from
 

  
December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of promotional rate offers facilitated by the rising-rate environment and growth in the Fifth Third Preferred Banking program. Demand deposits
decreased $3.2 billion, or 9%, from December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of the aforementioned commercial customer balance migration into interest checking deposits and lower balances per commercial customer account. Other time deposits
increased from December 31, 2017 primarily due to promotional rate offers facilitated by the rising-rate environment.    
      The following table
presents the components of average deposits for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 27: COMPONENTS OF AVERAGE DEPOSITS 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
      2018 
   
      
 2017  
   
      
 2016   
   
      
 2015   
   
      
 2014           
   
 
   Demand 
    
 $ 
 32,634 
   
      
   
 35,093 
   
      
   
 35,862 
   
      
   
 35,164 
   
      
   
 31,755     
   
 
   Interest checking 
    
   
 29,818 
   
      
   
 26,382 
   
      
   
 25,143 
   
      
   
 26,160 
   
      
   
 25,382     
   
 
   Savings 
    
   
 13,330 
   
      
   
 13,958 
   
      
   
 14,346 
   
      
   
 14,951 
   
      
   
 16,080     
   
 
   Money market 
    
   
 21,769 
   
      
   
 20,231 
   
      
   
 19,523 
   
      
   
 18,152 
   
      
   
 14,670     
   
 
   Foreign office 
    
   
 363 
   
      
   
 388 
   
      
   
 497 
   
      
   
 817 
   
      
   
 1,828     
   
 
   Transaction deposits 
    
   
 97,914 
   
      
   
 96,052 
   
      
   
 95,371 
   
      
   
 95,244 
   
      
   
 89,715     
   
 
   Other time 
    
   
 4,106 
   
      
   
 3,771 
   
      
   
 4,010 
   
      
   
 4,051 
   
      
   
 3,762     
   
 
   Core deposits 
    
   
 102,020 
   
      
   
 99,823 
   
      
   
 99,381 
   
      
   
 99,295 
   
      
   
 93,477     
   
 
   Certificates $100,000 and
over (a) 
    
   
 2,426 
   
      
   
 2,564 
   
      
   
 2,735 
   
      
   
 2,869 
   
      
   
 3,929     
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 476 
   
      
   
 277 
   
      
   
 333 
   
      
   
 57 
   
      
   
 -     
   
 
   Total average
deposits 
    
 $ 
         104,922 
   
      
   
     102,664 
   
      
   
     102,449 
   
      
   
     102,221 
   
      
   
     97,406     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes  $1.1  billion , 
 $1.4 billion,   $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion of average institutional, retail and wholesale certificates $250,000 and over during the years ended
 December  31,   2018 , 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
   
  On an average basis, core deposits increased $2.2 billion from December 31, 2017
primarily due to an increase of $1.9 billion and $335 million in average transaction deposits and average other time deposits, respectively. The increase in average transaction deposits was driven by increases in average interest checking
deposits and average money market deposits partially offset by a decrease in average demand deposits. Average interest checking deposits increased $3.4 billion, or 13%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to balance migration from demand
deposit accounts and an increase in average balances per commercial customer account as well as the acquisition of new commercial customers. Average
 

  
money market deposits increased $1.5 billion, or 8%, from December 31, 2017 as a result of promotional rate offers facilitated by the rising-rate environment and growth in the Fifth
Third Preferred Banking program. Average demand deposits decreased $2.5 billion, or 7%, from December 31, 2017 primarily as a result of the aforementioned migration into interest checking deposits and lower average balances per commercial
customer account. The increase in average other time deposits was primarily due to promotional rate offers facilitated by the rising-rate environment.
   

      75  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  Contractual Maturities  
 The contractual maturities of certificates $100,000 and over as of December 31, 2018 are summarized in the following table:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 28: CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES OF CERTIFICATES $100,000 AND OVER 
    
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
 
   Next 3 months 
    
 $ 
 676     
   
 
   3-6  months 
    
   
 398     
   
 
   6-12  months 
    
   
 558     
   
 
   After 12 months 
    
   
 795     
   
 
   Total certificates
$100,000 and over 
    
 $ 
         2,427     
   
   The contractual maturities of other time deposits and certificates $100,000 and over as of December 31,
2018 are summarized in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 29: CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES OF OTHER TIME DEPOSITS AND CERTIFICATES $100,000 AND OVER 
    
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
 
   Next 12 months 
    
 $ 
 3,967     
   
 
   13-24  months 
    
   
 2,293     
   
 
   25-36  months 
    
   
 550     
   
 
   37-48  months 
    
   
 74     
   
 
   49-60  months 
    
   
 25     
   
 
   After 60 months 
    
   
 8     
   
 
   Total other time
deposits and certificates $100,000 and over 
    
 $ 
         6,917     
   
 
   
  Borrowings  
 The Bancorp accesses a variety of short-term and long-term funding sources. Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are
classified as short-term and include federal funds purchased and
 

  
other short-term borrowings. Average total borrowings as a percent of average interest-bearing liabilities were 20% at December 31, 2018 compared to 21% at December 31, 2017.
   
      The following table
summarizes the end of period components of borrowings:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 30: COMPONENTS OF BORROWINGS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
     2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
     
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
 $ 
 1,925 
   
    
   
 174 
   
    
   
 132 
   
    
   
 151 
   
    
   
 144     
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 573 
   
    
   
 4,012 
   
    
   
 3,535 
   
    
   
 1,507 
   
    
   
 1,556     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 14,426 
   
    
   
 14,904 
   
    
   
 14,388 
   
    
   
 15,810 
   
    
   
 14,932     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total borrowings 
    
 $ 
         16,924 
   
    
   
     19,090 
   
    
   
     18,055 
   
    
   
     17,468 
   
    
   
     16,632     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Total borrowings decreased $2.2 billion, or 11%, from December 31, 2017 due to
decreases in other short-term borrowings and long-term debt, partially offset by an increase in federal funds purchased. Other short-term borrowings decreased $3.4 billion from December 31, 2017 driven by a decrease in FHLB advances. The
level of other short-term borrowings can fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on funding needs and which sources are used to satisfy those needs. For further information on the components of other short-term borrowings, refer to
Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Long-term debt decreased $478 million from December 31, 2017 primarily driven by the maturity of $1.9 billion of unsecured senior bank notes and $500 million of unsecured
subordinated debt, $480 million of paydowns on long-term debt associated with automobile loan securitizations and $44 million of fair value adjustments associated with interest rate swaps
 

  
hedging long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2018. These decreases were partially offset by the issuance of $1.3 billion of unsecured fixed-rate senior bank notes,
$650 million of unsecured fixed-rate senior notes, $300 million of unsecured floating-rate senior bank notes and $250 million of unsecured floating-rate senior notes since December 31, 2017. For additional information regarding
long-term debt issuances, refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Federal funds purchased increased $1.8 billion from December 31, 2017 due to a reallocation of other short-term borrowings. For further
information on subsequent events related to long-term debt, refer to Note 31 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
      The following table
summarizes the components of average borrowings:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 31: COMPONENTS OF AVERAGE BORROWINGS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
     
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
 $ 
 1,509 
   
    
   
 557 
   
    
   
 506 
   
    
   
 920 
   
    
   
 458     
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 1,611 
   
    
   
 3,158 
   
    
   
 2,845 
   
    
   
 1,721 
   
    
   
 1,873     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 14,551 
   
    
   
 13,804 
   
    
   
 15,394 
   
    
   
 14,644 
   
    
   
 12,894     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total average borrowings 
    
 $ 
         17,671 
   
    
   
     17,519 
   
    
   
     18,745 
   
    
   
     17,285 
   
    
   
     15,225     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Total average borrowings increased $152 million, or 1%, compared to December 31,
2017, due to increases in average federal funds
 

  
purchased and average long-term debt, partially offset by a decrease in average other short-term borrowings. Average federal funds purchased increased $952 million due to a reallocation of
other short-term borrowings.    

      76  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
Average long-term debt increased $747 million compared to December 31, 2017. The increase was driven primarily by the issuances of long-term debt during the second half of 2017 which
consisted of $750 million of unsecured fixed-rate senior bank notes and $300 million of unsecured floating-rate senior bank notes and the issuances during the year ended December 31, 2018, as discussed above. The increase was
partially offset by the maturities of unsecured senior bank notes and subordinated debt and paydowns on long-term debt associated with automobile loan
 

  
securitizations, as discussed above, during the year ended December 31, 2018. Average other short-term borrowings decreased $1.5 billion compared to December 31, 2017, driven
primarily by the aforementioned decrease in FHLB advances. Information on the average rates paid on borrowings is discussed in the Net Interest Income subsection of the Statements of Income Analysis section of MD&A. In addition, refer to the
Liquidity Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD&A for a discussion on the role of borrowings in the Bancorp’s liquidity management.
   

      77  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  RISK MANAGEMENT - OVERVIEW  
  
 
  Risk management is critical for effectively serving customers’ financial needs while
protecting the Bancorp and achieving strategic goals. It is also essential to reducing the volatility of earnings and safeguarding the Bancorp’s brand and reputation. Further, risk management is integral to the Bancorp’s strategic and
capital planning processes. It is essential that the Bancorp’s business strategies consistently align to its overall risk appetite and capital considerations. Maintaining risks within the Bancorp’s risk appetite requires that risks are
understood by all employees across the enterprise, and appropriate risk mitigants and controls are in place to limit risk to within the risk appetite. To achieve this, the Bancorp implements a framework for managing risk that encompasses business as
usual activities and the utilization of a risk process for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting risks.  
 Fifth Third uses a structure consisting of three lines of defense in order to clarify the roles and responsibilities for
effective risk management.    The risk taking functions within the lines of business comprise the first line of defense.
The first line of defense originates risk through normal business as usual activities; therefore, it is essential that they monitor, assess and manage the risks being taken, implement controls necessary to mitigate those risks and take
responsibility for managing their business within the Bancorp’s risk appetite.    Control functions, such as the Risk
Management organization, are the second line of defense and are responsible for providing challenge, oversight and governance of activities performed by the first line.  
 The Audit division is the third line of defense and provides an independent assessment of the Bancorp’s internal
control structure and related systems and processes. The Credit Risk Review division provides an independent assessment of credit risk, which includes evaluating the sufficiency of underwriting, documentation and approval processes for consumer and
commercial credits, the accuracy of risk grades assigned to commercial credit exposure, nonaccrual status, specific reserves and monitoring for charge-offs.  
 Fifth Third’s core values and culture provide a foundation for supporting sound risk management practices by setting
expectations for appropriate conduct and accountability across the organization.    All employees are expected to conduct
themselves in alignment with Fifth Third’s core values and Code of Business Conduct & Ethics, which may be found on  www.53.com , while carrying out their responsibilities. Fifth Third’s Corporate Responsibility and Reputation Committee provides oversight of business conduct policies, programs and strategies, and monitors reporting of
potential misconduct, trends or themes across the enterprise. Prudent risk management is a responsibility that is expected from all employees across the first, second and third lines of defense and is a foundational element of Fifth Third’s
culture.    Below are the Bancorp’s core principles of risk management that are used to ensure the Bancorp is
operating in a safe and sound manner:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Understand the risks taken as a necessary part of business; however, the Bancorp ensures risks taken are in
alignment with its strategy and risk appetite.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Provide transparency and escalate risks and issues as necessary.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Ensure Fifth Third’s products and services are designed, delivered and maintained to provide value and
benefit to its customers and to Fifth Third, and that potential opportunities remain aligned to the core customer base.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Avoid risks that cannot be understood, managed and monitored.
 

 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Act with integrity in all activities.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Focus on providing operational excellence by providing reliable, accurate and efficient services to meet
customers’ needs.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Maintain a strong financial position to ensure that the Bancorp meets its strategic objectives through all
economic cycles and is able to access the capital markets at all times, even under stressed conditions.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Protect the Bancorp’s reputation by thoroughly understanding the consequences of business strategies,
products and processes.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Conduct business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and in alignment with internal
policies and procedures.    Fifth Third’s success is dependent on effective risk management and
understanding and controlling the risks taken in order to deliver sustainable returns for employees and shareholders. The Bancorp’s goal is to ensure that aggregate risks do not exceed its risk capacity, and that risks taken are supportive of
the Bancorp’s portfolio diversification and profitability objectives.    Fifth Third’s Risk Management Framework
states its risk appetite and the linkage to strategic and capital planning, defines and sets the tolerance for each of the eight risk types, explains the process used to manage risk across the enterprise and sets forth its risk governance structure.
 
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The Board of Directors (the “Board”) and executive management define the risk appetite, which is
considered in the development of business strategies, and forms the basis for enterprise risk management. The Bancorp’s risk appetite is set annually in alignment with the strategic, capital and financial plans, and is reviewed by the Board on
an annual basis.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The Risk Management Process provides a consistent and integrated approach for managing risks and ensuring
appropriate risk mitigants and controls are in place, and risks and issues are appropriately escalated. Five components are utilized for effective risk management; identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and independent governance reporting of
risk.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The Board and executive management have identified eight risk types for monitoring the overall risk of the
Bancorp; Credit Risk, Market Risk, Liquidity Risk, Operational Risk, Regulatory Compliance Risk, Legal Risk, Reputation Risk and Strategic Risk, and have also qualitatively established a risk tolerance, which is defined as the maximum amount of risk
the Bancorp is willing to take for each of the eight risk types. These risk types are assessed on an ongoing basis and reported to the Board each quarter, or more frequently, if necessary. In addition, each business and operational function (first
line of defense) is accountable for proactively identifying and managing risk using its risk management process. Risk tolerances and risk limits are also established, where appropriate, in order to ensure that business and operational functions
across the enterprise are able to monitor and manage risks at a more granular level, while ensuring that aggregate risks across the enterprise do not exceed the overall risk appetite.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The Bancorp’s risk governance structure includes management committees operating under delegation from,
and providing information directly or indirectly to, the Board.    

      78  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 

 
 
   
   
The Bancorp Board delegates certain responsibilities to Board  sub-committees,  including the RCC as outlined in each respective Committee Charter, which may
be found on  www.53.com . The ERMC, which reports to the RCC, comprises senior management from across the Bancorp and reviews and approves risk management frameworks and
 


 
 
   
   
   
policies, oversees the management of all risk types to ensure that aggregated risks remain within the Bancorp’s risk appetite and fosters a risk culture to ensure appropriate escalation and
transparency of risks.    

   
  CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT  
 The objective of the Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk on an aggregate portfolio basis, as
well as to limit the risk of loss resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to honor its financial or contractual obligations to the Bancorp. The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is based on three core principles:
conservatism, diversification and monitoring. The Bancorp believes that effective credit risk management begins with conservative lending practices which are described below. These practices include the use of intentional risk-based limits for
single name exposures and counterparty selection criteria designed to reduce or eliminate exposure to borrowers who have higher than average default risk and defined weaknesses in financial performance. The Bancorp carefully designed and monitors
underwriting, documentation and collection standards. The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level as well as ongoing portfolio monitoring and timely management
reviews of large credit exposures and credits experiencing deterioration of credit quality. Credit officers with the authority to extend credit are delegated specific authority amounts, the utilization of which is closely monitored. Underwriting
activities are centrally managed, and ERM manages the policy and the
 

  
authority delegation process directly. The Credit Risk Review function provides independent and objective assessments of the quality of underwriting and documentation, the accuracy of risk grades
and the  charge-off,  nonaccrual and reserve analysis process. The Bancorp’s credit review process and overall assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is based on quarterly assessments
of the probable estimated losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp uses these assessments to promptly identify potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio, maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses and take any
necessary charge-offs. The Bancorp defines potential problem loans and leases as those rated substandard that do not meet the definition of a nonaccrual loan or a restructured loan. Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for further information on the Bancorp’s credit grade categories, which are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions. In addition, stress testing is performed on various commercial and consumer portfolios using the CCAR model and for
certain portfolios, such as real estate and leveraged lending, the stress testing is performed by Credit department personnel at the individual loan level during credit underwriting.
   
      The following tables
provide a summary of potential problem portfolio loans and leases:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 32: POTENTIAL PROBLEM PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
   Carrying 
 Value 
   
    
 Unpaid Principal Balance 
   
    
 Exposure 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 646     
   
    
   
 647 
   
    
   
 854     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 152     
   
    
   
 152 
   
    
   
 152     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 31     
   
    
   
 31 
   
    
   
 31     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total potential problem portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
             829     
   
    
   
             830 
   
    
   
             1,037     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
   TABLE 33: POTENTIAL PROBLEM PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
   Carrying 
 Value 
   
    
 Unpaid Principal Balance 
   
    
 Exposure 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 911     
   
    
   
 912 
   
    
   
 1,370     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 138     
   
    
   
 138 
   
    
   
 138     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 70     
   
    
   
 70 
   
    
   
 70     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total potential problem portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
                 1,119     
   
    
   
             1,120 
   
    
   
             1,578     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  In addition to the individual review of larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or
observed credit weaknesses, the commercial credit review process includes the use of two risk grading systems. The risk grading system currently utilized for allowance for credit loss analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. The Bancorp also
maintains a dual risk rating system for credit approval and pricing, portfolio monitoring and capital allocation that includes a  “through-the-cycle”  rating
philosophy for assessing a borrower’s creditworthiness. A  “through-the-cycle”  rating philosophy uses a grading scale that assigns ratings based on average
default rates through an entire business cycle for borrowers with similar financial performance. The dual risk rating system includes thirteen probabilities of default grade categories and an additional eleven
 

  
grade categories for estimating losses given an event of default. The probability of default and loss given default evaluations are not separated in the
 ten-category  risk rating system. The Bancorp has completed significant validation and testing of the dual risk rating system as a commercial credit risk management tool. The Bancorp is assessing the necessary
modifications to the dual risk rating system outputs to develop a U.S. GAAP compliant ALLL model and will evaluate the use of modified dual risk ratings for purposes of determining the Bancorp’s ALLL as part of the Bancorp’s adoption of
ASU  2016-13  “ Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ,” which will be effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2020. Scoring systems, various analytical tools and portfolio
performance monitoring are used to assess the credit risk in the Bancorp’s homogenous consumer and small business loan portfolios.
   

      79  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  
  Overview  
 Inflationary expectations have changed little and are expected to remain near 2% in the coming year. The labor market has continued to tighten
and unemployment remains low. Household spending has continued to show strong growth. The FOMC stated that risks to the economic outlook are roughly balanced, but the Committee will continue to monitor global economic and financial developments and
assess their implications for the economic outlook. Market professionals continue to have an increased focus on wages, interest rates, input costs, tariffs, trade negotiations and foreign exchange. During December 2018, the FOMC enacted an
additional 25 bp increase in the target rate for Federal Funds. The Federal Reserve median forecast for change in 2019 real GDP is 2.41%, a slight decrease from the 3.1% rate in 2018. The Federal Reserve, in their minutes, continues to be concerned
that tariffs could hurt the current economic recovery but are waiting to see evidence of any damage. Also concerning is the recent slowdown in homebuilding. There is a chance of higher interest rates in 2019 that would generally be detrimental to
the Bancorp’s clients’ financial condition.    Market data and vacancies remain positive. Competition for term
loans on stabilized or near-stabilized assets remains highly aggressive in terms of pricing, recourse and repayment structures, as banks seek to diversify away from construction. Construction costs continue to escalate and will likely be exacerbated
by the impact of tariffs. The Bancorp is also monitoring potential increased risks in the Retail sector as a result of changes in distribution models with increasing levels of online purchasing and recent weakness in certain specialty retailers.
However, needs-based retail and online retailers moving to brick and mortar are supporting continued development and  lease-up  for  mixed-use  retail centers. The Bancorp
has been focused on tenants that have multi-channel distribution and/or provide entertainment such as restaurants, cosmetic stores, fitness, grocery and drug.  
 During the third quarter of 2018, the southeastern United States experienced a major hurricane impacting the eastern
portions of the states of North Carolina and South Carolina. The Bancorp has limited credit exposure in the coastal regions of both states; however, temporary assistance was provided to customers that were negatively impacted. There is no
expectation of any material net charge-offs as a result of the hurricane.
 
  Commercial Portfolio  
 The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy seeks to minimize concentrations of risk through diversification. The Bancorp has
commercial loan concentration limits based on industry, lines of business within the commercial segment, geography and credit product type. The risk within the commercial loan and lease portfolio is managed and monitored through an underwriting
process utilizing detailed origination policies, continuous loan level reviews, monitoring of industry concentration and product type limits and continuous portfolio risk management reporting.  
 The Bancorp provides loans to a variety of customers ranging from large multi-national firms to middle market businesses,
sole proprietors and high net worth individuals. The origination policies for commercial and industrial loans outline the risks and underwriting requirements for loans to businesses in various industries. Included in the policies are maturity and
amortization terms, collateral and leverage requirements, cash flow coverage measures and hold limits. The Bancorp aligns credit and sales teams with specific industry expertise to better monitor and manage different industry segments of the
portfolio.    The origination policies for commercial real estate outline the risks and underwriting requirements for
owner and nonowner-occupied and construction lending. Included in the policies are maturity and amortization terms, maximum LTVs, minimum debt service coverage ratios, construction loan monitoring procedures, appraisal requirements,  pre-leasing  requirements (as applicable),  pro-forma  analysis requirements and interest rate sensitivity. The Bancorp requires a valuation of real estate collateral, which may
include third-party appraisals, be performed at the time of origination and renewal in accordance with regulatory requirements and on an  as-needed  basis when market conditions justify. Although the Bancorp
does not back test these collateral value assumptions, the Bancorp maintains an appraisal review department to order and review third-party appraisals in accordance with regulatory requirements. Collateral values on criticized assets with
relationships exceeding $1 million are reviewed quarterly to assess the appropriateness of the value ascribed in the assessment of charge-offs and specific reserves.  
 The Bancorp assesses all real estate and  non-real  estate collateral securing a loan
and considers all cross-collateralized loans in the calculation of the LTV ratio. The following tables provide detail on the most recent LTV ratios for commercial mortgage loans greater than $1 million, excluding impaired commercial mortgage
loans individually evaluated. The Bancorp does not typically aggregate the LTV ratios for commercial mortgage loans less than $1 million.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 34: COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LOANS OUTSTANDING BY LTV, LOANS GREATER THAN $1
MILLION 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 LTV > 100% 
   
    
 LTV 80-100% 
   
    
 LTV < 80%      
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
 $ 
 126    
   
    
   
 172     
   
    
   
 2,119         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 40    
   
    
   
 29     
   
    
   
 2,731         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
               166    
   
    
   
             201     
   
    
   
             4,850         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
   TABLE 35: COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LOANS OUTSTANDING BY LTV, LOANS GREATER THAN $1
MILLION 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 LTV > 100% 
   
    
 LTV 80-100% 
   
    
 LTV < 80%      
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
 $ 
 79    
   
    
   
 110     
   
    
   
 2,222         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 14    
   
    
   
 169     
   
    
   
 2,208         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 93    
   
    
   
 279     
   
    
   
 4,430         
   
 
     
   
 
      80  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table provides detail on commercial loan and leases by industry classification
(as defined by the North American Industry Classification System), by loan size and by state, illustrating the diversity and granularity of the Bancorp’s commercial loans and leases:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 36: COMMERCIAL LOAN AND LEASE PORTFOLIO (EXCLUDING LOANS AND LEASES HELD
FOR SALE) 
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
 2017 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
       Outstanding 
   
      
 Exposure  
   
      
 Nonaccrual     
   
     Outstanding 
      
 Exposure 
   
      
 Nonaccrual       
   
 
     
   
 
   By Industry: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
   
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Manufacturing 
    
 $ 
 10,387      
   
      
   
 19,290 
   
      
 48       
   
 10,044     
      
   
 18,948 
   
      
   
 74       
   
 
   Real estate 
    
   
 8,327      
   
      
   
 13,055 
   
      
 10       
   
 7,713     
      
   
 12,493 
   
      
   
 25       
   
 
   Financial services and insurance 
    
   
 6,805      
   
      
   
 13,192 
   
      
 1       
   
 5,792     
      
   
 11,933 
   
      
   
 1       
   
 
   Business services 
    
   
 4,426      
   
      
   
 7,161 
   
      
 17       
   
 4,147     
      
   
 6,512 
   
      
   
 42       
   
 
   Healthcare 
    
   
 4,343      
   
      
   
 6,198 
   
      
 36       
   
 4,712     
      
   
 6,486 
   
      
   
 35       
   
 
   Retail trade 
    
   
 3,726      
   
      
   
 7,496 
   
      
 6       
   
 3,617     
      
   
 7,950 
   
      
   
 3       
   
 
   Accommodation and food 
    
   
 3,435      
   
      
   
 5,626 
   
      
 28       
   
 3,268     
      
   
 5,321 
   
      
   
 4       
   
 
   Wholesale trade 
    
   
 3,127      
   
      
   
 5,481 
   
      
 14       
   
 3,017     
      
   
 5,363 
   
      
   
 6       
   
 
   Communication and information 
    
   
 2,923      
   
      
   
 5,111 
   
      
 -       
   
 3,322     
      
   
 5,308 
   
      
   
 -       
   
 
   Transportation and warehousing 
    
   
 2,807      
   
      
   
 4,729 
   
      
 19       
   
 3,012     
      
   
 4,621 
   
      
   
 29       
   
 
   Construction 
    
   
 2,498      
   
      
   
 4,718 
   
      
 4       
   
 2,374     
      
   
 4,449 
   
      
   
 2       
   
 
   Mining 
    
   
 2,427      
   
      
   
 4,363 
   
      
 38       
   
 1,454     
      
   
 3,001 
   
      
   
 56       
   
 
   Entertainment and recreation 
    
   
 1,798      
   
      
   
 3,354 
   
      
 1       
   
 1,624     
      
   
 2,911 
   
      
   
 7       
   
 
   Other services 
    
   
 855      
   
      
   
 1,104 
   
      
 4       
   
 714     
      
   
 1,017 
   
      
   
 16       
   
 
   Utilities 
    
   
 835      
   
      
   
 2,531 
   
      
 -       
   
 869     
      
   
 2,333 
   
      
   
 -       
   
 
   Public administration 
    
   
 465      
   
      
   
 669 
   
      
 -       
   
 370     
      
   
 474 
   
      
   
 -       
   
 
   Agribusiness 
    
   
 323      
   
      
   
 511 
   
      
 2       
   
 304     
      
   
 478 
   
      
   
 2       
   
 
   Individuals 
    
   
 64      
   
      
   
 130 
   
      
 -       
   
 27     
      
   
 57 
   
      
   
 -       
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 -      
   
      
   
 -   
   
      
 -       
   
 15     
      
   
 15 
   
      
   
 4       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 59,571      
   
      
   
 104,719 
   
      
 228       
   
 56,395     
      
   
 99,670 
   
      
   
 306       
   
 
     
   
 
   By Loan Size: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
   
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Less than $200,000 
    
   
 1 % 
   
      
   
 1 
   
      
 5       
   
 1     
      
   
 1 
   
      
   
 5       
   
 
   $200,000 to $1 million 
    
   
 2      
   
      
   
 2 
   
      
 9       
   
 3     
      
   
 2 
   
      
   
 8       
   
 
   $1 million to $5 million 
    
   
 6      
   
      
   
 6 
   
      
 18       
   
 7     
      
   
 6 
   
      
   
 15       
   
 
   $5 million to $10 million 
    
   
 6      
   
      
   
 5 
   
      
 19       
   
 6     
      
   
 5 
   
      
   
 10       
   
 
   $10 million to $25 million 
    
   
 19      
   
      
   
 16 
   
      
 38       
   
 21     
      
   
 18 
   
      
   
 57       
   
 
   Greater than $25 million 
    
   
 66      
   
      
   
 70 
   
      
 11       
   
 62     
      
   
 68 
   
      
   
 5       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 100 % 
   
      
   
 100 
   
      
 100       
   
 100     
      
   
 100 
   
      
   
 100       
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
   
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
   
 13 % 
   
      
   
 14 
   
      
 10       
   
 14     
      
   
 15 
   
      
   
 7       
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 8      
   
      
   
 8 
   
      
 21       
   
 8     
      
   
 8 
   
      
   
 6       
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 7      
   
      
   
 6 
   
      
 10       
   
 7     
      
   
 7 
   
      
   
 13       
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 6      
   
      
   
 5 
   
      
 8       
   
 7     
      
   
 6 
   
      
   
 9       
   
 
   Georgia 
    
   
 5      
   
      
   
 5 
   
      
 11       
   
 4     
      
   
 5 
   
      
   
 2       
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 4      
   
      
   
 4 
   
      
 8       
   
 4     
      
   
 4 
   
      
   
 3       
   
 
   North Carolina 
    
   
 3      
   
      
   
 3 
   
      
 -       
   
 3     
      
   
 3 
   
      
   
 1       
   
 
   Tennessee 
    
   
 3      
   
      
   
 3 
   
      
 -       
   
 3     
      
   
 3 
   
      
   
 8       
   
 
   Kentucky 
    
   
 2      
   
      
   
 3 
   
      
 2       
   
 3     
      
   
 3 
   
      
   
 1       
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 49      
   
      
   
 49 
   
      
 30       
   
 47     
      
   
 46 
   
      
   
 50       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 100 % 
   
      
   
 100 
   
      
 100       
   
 100     
      
   
 100 
   
      
   
 100       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp’s nonowner-occupied commercial real estate portfolios have been identified by
the Bancorp as loans which it believes represent a higher level of risk compared to the rest of the
 

  
Bancorp’s commercial loan portfolio due to economic or market conditions within the Bancorp’s key lending areas.
   

      81  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following tables provide an analysis of nonowner-occupied commercial real estate loans
by state (excluding loans held for sale):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 37: NONOWNER-OCCUPIED COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE (EXCLUDING LOANS HELD FOR
SALE) (a)        
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 For the Year Ended   December 31, 2018   
   
 
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding   
   
    
 Exposure 
   
    
 90 Days Past Due 
   
    
 Nonaccrual 
   
    
 Net Charge-offs     
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
 $ 
 1,574   
   
    
   
 1,918   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 978   
   
    
   
 1,536   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 750   
   
    
   
 1,076   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 657   
   
    
   
 771   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   North Carolina 
    
   
 646   
   
    
   
 872   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 528   
   
    
   
 853   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Georgia 
    
   
 357   
   
    
   
 729   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   All other states 
    
   
 2,590   
   
    
   
 4,187   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 1      
   
 
     
   
 
 Total 
    
 $ 
 8,080   
   
    
   
 11,942   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 1      
   
 
     
   
 
   (a)   Included in commercial mortgage loans and
commercial construction loans in the Loans and Leases subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A. 
        
 
 
 
 TABLE 38: NONOWNER-OCCUPIED COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE (EXCLUDING LOANS HELD FOR SALE) (a)   
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 For the Year Ended   December 31, 2017   
   
 
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Exposure 
   
    
 90 Days Past Due 
   
    
 Nonaccrual 
   
    
 Net Charge-offs   
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
 $ 
 1,636   
   
    
   
 2,156   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 8      
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 1,016   
   
    
   
 1,495   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 787   
   
    
   
 1,020   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 559   
   
    
   
 717   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 1      
   
 
   North Carolina 
    
   
 506   
   
    
   
 795   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 490   
   
    
   
 768   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Georgia 
    
   
 481   
   
    
   
 906   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   All other states 
    
   
 2,142   
   
    
   
 3,616   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 1      
   
 
     
   
 
 Total 
    
 $ 
             7,617   
   
    
   
 11,473   
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 10      
   
 
     
   
 
   (a)   Included in commercial mortgage loans and
commercial construction loans in the Loans and Leases subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A. 
        
 
   
  Consumer Portfolio  
 Consumer credit risk management utilizes a framework that encompasses consistent processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring
and reporting credit risk. These processes are supported by a credit risk governance structure that includes Board oversight, policies, risk limits and risk committees.      
 The Bancorp’s consumer portfolio is materially comprised of five categories of loans: residential mortgage loans, home
equity, automobile loans, credit card and other consumer loans. The Bancorp has identified certain credit characteristics within these five categories of loans which it believes represent a higher level of risk compared to the rest of the consumer
loan portfolio. The Bancorp does not update LTV ratios for the consumer portfolio subsequent to origination except as part of the  charge-off  process for real estate secured loans. Among consumer portfolios,
legacy underwritten residential mortgage and brokered home equity portfolios exhibited the most stress during the past credit crisis. As of December 31, 2018, consumer real estate loans, consisting of residential mortgage loans and home equity
loans, originated from 2005 through 2008 represent approximately 12% of the consumer real estate portfolio. These loans accounted for 47% of total consumer real estate secured losses for the year ended December 31, 2018. Current loss rates in
the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are below  pre-crisis  levels. In addition to the consumer real estate portfolio, credit risk management continues to closely monitor the automobile portfolio
performance. The automobile market has exhibited industry-wide gradual loosening of credit standards such as lower FICOs, longer terms and higher LTVs. The Bancorp has adjusted credit standards focused on improving risk-adjusted returns
 

  
while maintaining credit risk tolerance. The Bancorp actively manages the automobile portfolio through concentration limits, which mitigate credit risk through limiting the exposure to lower FICO
scores, higher advance rates and extended term originations.    Residential mortgage portfolio  
 The Bancorp manages credit risk in the residential mortgage portfolio through underwriting guidelines that limit exposure to higher LTV ratios
and lower FICO scores. Additionally, the portfolio is governed by concentration limits that ensure geographic, product and channel diversification. The Bancorp may also package and sell loans in the portfolio.  
 The Bancorp does not originate residential mortgage loans that permit customers to defer principal payments or make payments
that are less than the accruing interest. The Bancorp originates both fixed-rate and ARM loans. Within the ARM portfolio approximately $665 million of ARM loans will have rate resets during the next twelve months. Of these resets, 95% are
expected to experience an increase in rate, with an average increase of approximately one percent. Underlying characteristics of these borrowers are relatively strong with a weighted average origination DTI of 33% and weighted average origination
LTV of 74%.    Certain residential mortgage products have contractual features that may increase credit exposure to the
Bancorp in the event of a decline in housing values. These types of mortgage products offered by the Bancorp include loans with high LTV ratios, multiple loans on the same collateral that when combined result in an LTV greater than 80% and
interest-only loans.    

      82  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
The Bancorp has deemed residential mortgage loans with greater than 80% LTV ratios and no mortgage insurance as loans that represent a higher level of risk.  
 Portfolio residential mortgage loans from 2010 and later vintages represented 92% of the portfolio as of December 31, 2018
 

  
and had a weighted-average LTV of 73% and a weighted-average origination FICO of 760.
   
      The following table
provides an analysis of the residential mortgage portfolio loans outstanding by LTV at origination as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 39: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE PORTFOLIO LOANS BY LTV AT ORIGINATION 

     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Weighted- 
   
   
   
   
    
 Weighted-          
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Average LTV 
   
   
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Average LTV          
   
 
     
   
 
   LTV  £  80% 
    
 $ 
 11,540         
   
    
   
 66.7 
  %  
   
 $ 
         11,767     
   
    
   
 66.4 %     
   
 
   LTV > 80%, with mortgage
insurance (a) 
    
   
 2,010         
   
    
   
 95.1 
   
   
   
 1,890     
   
    
   
 94.8         
   
 
   LTV > 80%, no mortgage insurance 
    
   
 1,954         
   
    
   
 94.2 
   
   
   
 1,934     
   
    
   
 94.7         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
         15,504         
   
    
   
 74.3 
  %  
   
 $ 
         15,591     
   
    
   
 73.7 %     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes loans with both borrower and lender paid mortgage insurance.  
 The following tables provide an analysis of the residential mortgage portfolio loans outstanding with a greater than 80% LTV ratio and no
mortgage insurance:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 40: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE PORTFOLIO LOANS, LTV GREATER THAN 80%, NO MORTGAGE
INSURANCE     
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
 
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 90 Days 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Past Due 
   
    
 Nonaccrual 
   
    
 Net Charge-offs 
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
 $ 
 436     
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 3       
   
    
   
 1           
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 390     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 284     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 2       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 217     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 144     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   North Carolina 
    
   
 92     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Kentucky 
    
   
 81     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   All other states 
    
   
 310     
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 2       
   
    
   
 1           
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             1,954     
   
    
   
 9     
   
    
   
 11       
   
    
   
 2           
   
 
     
   
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
       TABLE 41: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE PORTFOLIO LOANS, LTV
GREATER THAN 80%, NO MORTGAGE INSURANCE     
       
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
 
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 90 Days 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Past Due 
   
    
 Nonaccrual 
   
    
 Net Charge-offs 
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
 $ 
 439     
   
    
   
 4     
   
    
   
 2       
   
    
   
 1           
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 382     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 2       
   
    
   
 1           
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 287     
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 3       
   
    
   
 1           
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 226     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 138     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   North Carolina 
    
   
 85     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Kentucky 
    
   
 76     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   All other states 
    
   
 301     
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             1,934     
   
    
   
 13     
   
    
   
 12       
   
    
   
 3           
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Home equity portfolio  
 The Bancorp’s home equity portfolio is primarily comprised of home equity lines of credit. Beginning in the first quarter of 2013, the
Bancorp’s newly originated home equity lines of credit have a  10-year  interest-only draw period followed by a  20-year  amortization period. The home equity line of
credit previously offered by the Bancorp was a revolving facility with a  20-year  term, minimum payments of interest-only and a balloon payment of principal at maturity. Peak maturity years for the balloon home
equity lines of credit are 2025 to 2028 and approximately 26% of the balances mature before 2025.
 
  The ALLL provides coverage for probable and estimable losses in the home
equity portfolio. The allowance attributable to the portion of the home equity portfolio that has not been restructured in a TDR is determined on a pooled basis with senior lien and junior lien categories segmented in the determination of the
probable credit losses in the home equity portfolio. The loss factor for the home equity portfolio is based on the trailing twelve month historical loss rate for each category, as adjusted for certain prescriptive loss rate factors and certain
qualitative adjustment factors to reflect risks associated with current conditions and trends. The prescriptive loss rate factors include adjustments for delinquency trends, LTV trends and refreshed FICO score trends.
   

      83  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
The qualitative factors include adjustments for changes in policies or procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management
personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values and geographic concentrations. The Bancorp considers home price index trends in its footprint and the volatility of collateral valuation trends when determining the
collateral value qualitative factor.    The home equity portfolio is managed in two primary groups: loans outstanding with a
combined LTV greater than 80% and those loans with an LTV of 80% or less based upon appraisals at origination. For additional information on these loans, refer to Table 43 and Table 44. Of the total $6.4 billion of outstanding home equity
loans:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   89% reside within the Bancorp’s Midwest footprint of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois as
of December 31, 2018;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   37% are in senior lien positions and 63% are in junior lien positions at December 31, 2018;
 
 
 
   
 ● 
   81% of  non-delinquent  borrowers made at least one payment greater
than the minimum payment during the year ended December 31, 2018; and  
 
 
   
 ● 
   The portfolio had an average refreshed   FICO score of 745 at December 31, 2018.
 
  The Bancorp actively manages lines of credit and makes adjustments in lending
limits when it believes it is necessary based on FICO score deterioration and property devaluation. The Bancorp does not routinely obtain appraisals on performing loans to update LTV ratios after origination. However, the Bancorp monitors the local
housing markets by reviewing various home price indices and incorporates the impact of the changing market conditions in its ongoing credit monitoring processes. For junior lien home equity loans which become 60 days or more past due, the Bancorp
tracks the performance of the senior lien loans in which the Bancorp is the servicer and utilizes consumer credit bureau attributes to monitor the status of the senior lien loans that the Bancorp does not service. If the senior lien loan is found to
be 120 days or more past due, the junior lien home equity loan is placed on nonaccrual status unless both loans are well-secured and in the process of collection. Additionally, if the junior lien home equity loan becomes 120 days or more past due
and the senior lien loan is also 120 days or more past due, the junior lien home equity loan is assessed for  charge-off.  Refer to the Analysis of Nonperforming Assets subsection of the Risk Management section
of MD&A for more information.    

      84  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table provides an analysis of home equity portfolio loans outstanding
disaggregated based upon refreshed FICO score as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 42: HOME EQUITY PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING BY REFRESHED FICO
SCORE     
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 % of Total     
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 % of Total     
   
 
     
   
 
   Senior Liens: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   FICO  £  659 
    
 $ 
 218    
   
    
   
 4 % 
   
    
 $ 
 246    
   
    
   
  4 % 
   
 
   FICO  660-719 
    
   
 318    
   
    
   
 5      
   
    
   
 358    
   
    
   
 5     
   
 
   FICO  ³  720 
    
   
 1,791    
   
    
   
 28      
   
    
   
 1,976    
   
    
   
 28     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total senior liens 
    
   
 2,327    
   
    
   
 37      
   
    
   
 2,580    
   
    
   
 37     
   
 
   Junior Liens: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   FICO  £  659 
    
   
 469    
   
    
   
 7      
   
    
   
 541    
   
    
   
 8     
   
 
   FICO  660-719 
    
   
 769    
   
    
   
 12      
   
    
   
 853    
   
    
   
 12     
   
 
   FICO  ³  720 
    
   
 2,837    
   
    
   
 44      
   
    
   
 3,040    
   
    
   
 43     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total junior liens 
    
   
 4,075    
   
    
   
 63      
   
    
   
 4,434    
   
    
   
 63     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             6,402    
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
    
 $ 
 7,014    
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
   The Bancorp believes that home equity portfolio loans with a greater than 80% combined LTV ratio present a higher level of risk.
The following table provides an analysis of the home equity portfolio loans outstanding in a senior and junior lien position by LTV at origination:     
       
 
   TABLE 43: HOME EQUITY PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING BY LTV AT
ORIGINATION     
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
       Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted-       Average LTV       
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted-      Average LTV      
   
 
     
   
 
   Senior Liens: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   LTV  £  80% 
    
 $ 
             2,022    
   
    
   
 54.5 % 
   
    
 $ 
 2,266    
   
    
   
 54.9 % 
   
 
   LTV > 80% 
    
   
 305    
   
    
   
 88.8      
   
    
   
 314    
   
    
   
 88.9     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total senior liens 
    
   
 2,327    
   
    
   
 59.2      
   
    
   
 2,580    
   
    
   
 59.3     
   
 
   Junior Liens: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   LTV  £  80% 
    
   
 2,367    
   
    
   
 67.2      
   
    
   
 2,603    
   
    
   
 67.5     
   
 
   LTV > 80% 
    
   
 1,708    
   
    
   
 90.1      
   
    
   
 1,831    
   
    
   
 90.4     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total junior liens 
    
   
 4,075    
   
    
   
 78.0      
   
    
   
 4,434    
   
    
   
 78.3     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 6,402    
   
    
   
 70.9 % 
   
    
 $ 
 7,014    
   
    
   
 70.9 % 
   
 
     
   
   The following tables provide an analysis of home equity portfolio loans by state with a combined LTV greater
than 80%:          
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 44: HOME EQUITY PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING WITH AN LTV GREATER THAN
80%     
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
         Exposure 
   
    
 90 Days Past Due 
   
    
 Nonaccrual 
   
   
   
   
    
 Net Charge-offs 
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
 $ 
 1,082     
   
    
   
 2,146     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 8       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2           
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 297     
   
    
   
 492     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 4       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1           
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 200     
   
    
   
 321     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 4       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2           
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 133     
   
    
   
 231     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 2       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Kentucky 
    
   
 118     
   
    
   
 224     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 2       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 59     
   
    
   
 86     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 2       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 -           
   
 
   All other states 
    
   
 124     
   
    
   
 188     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 3       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1           
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             2,013     
   
    
   
 3,688     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 25       
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 6           
   
 
     
   
 
      85  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 45: HOME EQUITY PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING WITH AN LTV GREATER THAN
80% 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
     Exposure 
   
    
       90 Days       Past Due 
   
    
     Nonaccrual 
   
   
     Net Charge-offs     
   
 
     
   
 
   By State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Ohio 
    
 $ 
 1,047     
   
    
   
 1,943     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 9       
   
   
   
 4           
   
 
   Michigan 
    
   
 357     
   
    
   
 569     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 5       
   
   
   
 1           
   
 
   Illinois 
    
   
 228     
   
    
   
 357     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3       
   
   
   
 2           
   
 
   Indiana 
    
   
 155     
   
    
   
 264     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3       
   
   
   
 1           
   
 
   Kentucky 
    
   
 143     
   
    
   
 257     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 2       
   
   
   
 1           
   
 
   Florida 
    
   
 68     
   
    
   
 98     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 2       
   
   
   
 -           
   
 
   All other states 
    
   
 147     
   
    
   
 216     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3       
   
   
   
 -           
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             2,145     
   
    
   
 3,704     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 27       
   
   
   
 9           
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Automobile portfolio  
 The Bancorp’s automobile portfolio balances have declined since December 31, 2017 as payoffs exceeded new loan production due to a
strategic shift focusing on improving risk-adjusted returns. Additionally, the concentration of lower FICO ( £ 690) origination
 

  
balances remained within targeted credit risk tolerance during the year ended December 31, 2018. All concentration and guideline changes are monitored monthly to ensure alignment with
original credit performance and return projections.    
      The following table
provides an analysis of automobile portfolio loans outstanding disaggregated based upon FICO score as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 46: AUTOMOBILE PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING BY FICO SCORE AT
ORIGINATION     
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
       Outstanding 
   
    
         % of Total         
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
         % of Total        
   
 
     
   
 
   FICO  £  690 
    
 $ 
 1,604     
   
    
   
 18 % 
   
    
  $ 
 1,563     
   
    
   
 17 % 
   
 
   FICO > 690 
    
   
 7,372     
   
    
   
 82      
   
    
   
 7,549     
   
    
   
 83     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             8,976     
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
    
  $ 
             9,112     
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The automobile portfolio is characterized by direct and indirect lending products to consumers.
As of December 31, 2018, 43% of the automobile loan portfolio is comprised of loans collateralized by new automobiles. It is a common industry practice to advance on automobile loans an amount in excess of the automobile value due
 

  
to the inclusion of negative equity  trade-in,  maintenance/warranty products, taxes, title and other fees paid at closing. The Bancorp monitors its exposure
to these higher risk loans.    
      The following table
provides an analysis of automobile portfolio loans outstanding by LTV at origination as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 47: AUTOMOBILE PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING BY LTV AT
ORIGINATION     
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
       Outstanding 
   
    
         Weighted-               Average 
LTV       
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
         Weighted-              Average LTV      
   
 
     
   
 
   LTV  £  100% 
    
 $ 
             5,591     
   
    
   
 82.3 % 
   
    
 $ 
             5,814     
   
    
   
 82.1 % 
   
 
   LTV >100% 
    
   
 3,385     
   
    
   
 112.9      
   
    
   
 3,298     
   
    
   
 112.4     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 8,976     
   
    
   
 94.2 % 
   
    
 $ 
 9,112     
   
    
   
 93.5 % 
   
 
     
   
   The following table provides an analysis of the Bancorp’s automobile portfolio loans with an LTV at
origination greater than 100% as of and for the years ended:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 48: AUTOMOBILE PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING WITH AN LTV GREATER THAN
100% 
     
 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
         90 Days Past         Due and Accruing 
   
    
         Nonaccrual 
   
    
         Net Charge-offs     
   
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
             3,385     
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 28         
   
 
   December 31, 2017 
    
   
 3,298     
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 24         
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Credit card portfolio  
 The credit card portfolio consists of predominately prime accounts with 97% of loan balances existing within the Bancorp’s footprint as
of December 31, 2018. At December 31,
 

  
2018 and December 31, 2017, 71% and 76%, respectively, of the outstanding balances were originated through branch-based relationships with the remainder coming from direct mail campaigns and
online acquisitions.    

      86  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table provides an analysis of credit card portfolio loans outstanding
disaggregated based upon FICO score as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 49: CREDIT CARD PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING BY FICO SCORE AT ORIGINATION 
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
       As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 % of Total        
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 % of Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   FICO  £  659 
    
 $ 
 82          
   
    
   
 3 % 
   
    
 $ 
 61        
   
    
   
 3 % 
   
 
   FICO  660-719 
    
   
 711          
   
    
   
 29      
   
    
   
 581        
   
    
   
 25    
   
 
   FICO  ³  720 
    
   
 1,677          
   
    
   
 68      
   
    
   
 1,657        
   
    
   
 72    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             2,470          
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
    
 $ 
             2,299        
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Other consumer portfolio loans  
 The other consumer portfolio loans are comprised of secured and unsecured loans originated through the Bancorp’s branch network as well
as  point-of-sale  loans originated in connection with third-party financial technology companies. Outstanding balances for other consumer loans increased approximately
$783 million, or 50%, from December 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in originations in connection with third-party financial technology companies. Additionally, the Bancorp has approximately $374
 

  
million in unfunded commitments associated with loans originated in connection with third-party financial technology companies as of December 31, 2018. Fifth Third closely monitors the
credit performance of these  point-of-sale  loans which, for Fifth Third, is impacted by the credit loss protection coverage provided by the third-party financial
technology companies.    
      The following table
provides an analysis of other consumer portfolio loans outstanding by product type at origination as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 50: OTHER CONSUMER PORTFOLIO LOANS OUTSTANDING BY PRODUCT TYPE AT ORIGINATION 
     
 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
       As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 % of Total        
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 % of Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   Unsecured 
    
 $ 
 610          
   
    
   
 26 % 
   
    
 $ 
 461        
   
    
   
 30 % 
   
 
   Other secured 
    
   
 510          
   
    
   
 22      
   
    
   
 482        
   
    
   
 31    
   
 
 
 Point-of-sale 
    
   
 1,222          
   
    
   
 52      
   
    
   
 616        
   
    
   
 39    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             2,342          
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
    
 $ 
             1,559        
   
    
   
 100 % 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Analysis of Nonperforming Assets  
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of the principal and/or interest
is uncertain; restructured commercial and credit card loans which have not yet met the requirements to be classified as a performing asset; restructured consumer loans which are 90 days past due based on the restructured terms unless the loan is
both well-secured and in the process of collection; and certain other assets, including OREO and other repossessed property. A summary of nonperforming assets is included in Table 51. For further information on the Bancorp’s policies related to
accounting for delinquent and nonperforming loans and leases, refer to the Nonaccrual Loans and Leases section of Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Nonperforming assets were $411 million at December 31, 2018 compared to $495 million at December 31,
2017. At December 31, 2018, $16 million of nonaccrual loans were held for sale, compared to $6 million at December 31, 2017.  
 Nonperforming portfolio assets as a percent of portfolio loans and leases and OREO were 0.41% as of December 31, 2018
compared to 0.53% as of December 31, 2017. Nonaccrual loans and leases secured
 

  
by real estate were 34% of nonaccrual loans and leases as of December  31, 2018 compared to 33% as of December  31, 2017.  
 Commercial portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases were $228 million at December 31, 2018, a decrease of
$78 million from December 31, 2017. Consumer portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases were $120 million at December 31, 2018, a decrease of $11 million from December 31, 2017. Refer to Table 52 for a rollforward of the
portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases.    OREO and other repossessed property was $47 million at December 31,
2018, compared to $52 million at December 31, 2017. The Bancorp recognized $7 million and $10 million in losses on the transfer, sale or write-down of OREO properties during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.    During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, approximately $30 million and
$36 million, respectively, of interest income would have been recognized if the nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases on nonaccrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms. Although these values help demonstrate
the costs of carrying nonaccrual credits, the Bancorp does not expect to recover the full amount of interest as nonaccrual loans and leases are generally carried below their principal balance.
   

      87  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 51: SUMMARY OF NONPERFORMING ASSETS AND DELINQUENT
LOANS     
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
     2017 
   
    
         2016 
   
    
         2015 
   
    
     2014         
 
     
   
 
   Nonaccrual portfolio loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
             54 
   
   
   
 144 
   
    
   
 302 
   
    
   
 82 
   
    
   
 86     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 9 
   
   
   
 12 
   
    
   
 27 
   
    
   
 56 
   
    
   
 64     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 18 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 3     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 17 
   
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 28 
   
    
   
 44     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 56 
   
   
   
 56 
   
    
   
 55 
   
    
   
 62 
   
    
   
 72     
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -     
   
 
   Nonaccrual portfolio restructured loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 139 
   
   
   
 132 
   
    
   
 176 
   
    
   
 177 
   
    
   
 142     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans (c) 

    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 14 
   
    
   
 14 
   
    
   
 25 
   
    
   
 71     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 4 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 13 
   
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 33     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 13 
   
   
   
 18 
   
    
   
 18 
   
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 21     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 1     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 27 
   
   
   
 26 
   
    
   
 28 
   
    
   
 33 
   
    
   
 41     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonaccrual portfolio loans and
leases (b) 
    
   
 348 
   
   
   
 437 
   
    
   
 660 
   
    
   
 506 
   
    
   
 579     
   
 
   OREO and other repossessed
property (d) 
    
   
 47 
   
   
   
 52 
   
    
   
 78 
   
    
   
 141 
   
    
   
 165     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonperforming portfolio assets 
    
   
 395 
   
   
   
 489 
   
    
   
 738 
   
    
   
 647 
   
    
   
 744     
   
 
   Nonaccrual loans held for sale 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 5 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 24     
   
 
   Nonaccrual restructured loans held for sale 
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 11 
   
    
   
 15     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonperforming assets 
    
 $ 
 411 
   
   
   
 495 
   
    
   
 751 
   
    
   
 659 
   
    
   
 783     
   
 
     
   
 
   Loans and leases 90 days past due and still accruing: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 4 
   
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 -     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -     
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (a) 
    
   
 38 
   
   
   
 57 
   
    
   
 49 
   
    
   
 40 
   
    
   
 56     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 10 
   
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 8     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 37 
   
   
   
 27 
   
    
   
 22 
   
    
   
 18 
   
    
   
 23     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 90 days past due and still accruing 
    
 $ 
 93 
   
   
   
 97 
   
    
   
 84 
   
    
   
 75 
   
    
   
 87     
   
 
     
   
 
   Nonperforming portfolio assets as a percent of portfolio loans and leases and OREO 
    
   
 0.41 
  %  
   
   
 0.53 
   
    
   
 0.80 
   
    
   
 0.70 
   
    
   
 0.82     
   
 
   ALLL as a percent of nonperforming portfolio assets 
    
   
 279 
   
   
   
 245 
   
    
   
 170 
   
    
   
 197 
   
    
   
 178     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Information for all periods presented excludes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA
mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. These advances were  $195 , $290, $312, $335 and $373 as of  December  31, 2018 ,
2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Bancorp recognized losses of  $5 , $5, $6, $8 and $13 for the years ended  December  31, 2018 , 2017, 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes  $6 , $3, $4, $6 and $9 of nonaccrual government insured commercial loans
whose repayments are insured by the SBA at  December  31, 2018 , 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of which  $2,  $3,   $1, $2 and $4 were
restructured nonaccrual government insured commercial loans at  December  31, 2018 , 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Excludes $19, $20 and $21 of restructured nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp had no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the
deconsolidation of the VIE associated with these loans in the third quarter of 2017.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Excludes $71 of OREO related to government insured loans at December 31, 2014. The Bancorp had
historically excluded government guaranteed loans classified in OREO from its nonperforming asset disclosures. Upon the prospective adoption on January 1, 2015 of ASU  2014-14,  “Classification of
Certain Government-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans Upon Foreclosure,” government guaranteed loans meeting certain criteria are reclassified to other receivables rather than OREO upon foreclosure.  
      88  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table provides a rollforward of portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases, by portfolio segment:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 52: ROLLFORWARD OF PORTFOLIO NONACCRUAL LOANS AND
LEASES     
     
 
     
   
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial 
   
    
 Residential Mortgage   
   
    
 Consumer 
   
    
 Total   
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 306  
   
    
   
 30  
   
    
   
 101  
   
    
   
 437    
   
 
   Transfers to nonaccrual status 
    
   
 252  
   
    
   
 34  
   
    
   
 139  
   
    
   
 425    
   
 
   Transfers to accrual status 
    
   
 (3) 
   
    
   
 (22) 
   
    
   
 (67) 
   
    
   
 (92)   
   
 
   Transfers to held for sale 
    
   
 (28) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 (28)   
   
 
   Loan paydowns/payoffs 
    
   
 (175) 
   
    
   
 (8) 
   
    
   
 (32) 
   
    
   
 (215)   
   
 
   Transfers to OREO 
    
   
 (3) 
   
    
   
 (10) 
   
    
   
 (7) 
   
    
   
 (20)   
   
 
   Charge-offs 
    
   
 (157) 
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 (36) 
   
    
   
 (195)   
   
 
   Draws/other extensions of credit 
    
   
 36  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 36    
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 228  
   
    
   
 22  
   
    
   
 98  
   
    
   
 348    
   
 
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   For the year ended December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
                   523  
   
    
   
                 34  
   
    
   
                 103  
   
    
   
                 660    
   
 
   Transfers to nonaccrual status 
    
   
 300  
   
    
   
 46  
   
    
   
 130  
   
    
   
 476    
   
 
   Transfers to accrual status 
    
   
 (86) 
   
    
   
 (26) 
   
    
   
 (55) 
   
    
   
 (167)   
   
 
   Transfers to held for sale 
    
   
 (21) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 (21)   
   
 
   Loan paydowns/payoffs 
    
   
 (282) 
   
    
   
 (10) 
   
    
   
 (29) 
   
    
   
 (321)   
   
 
   Transfers to OREO 
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 (10) 
   
    
   
 (7) 
   
    
   
 (19)   
   
 
   Charge-offs 
    
   
 (154) 
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
    
   
 (41) 
   
    
   
 (199)   
   
 
   Draws/other extensions of credit 
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 28    
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 306  
   
    
   
 30  
   
    
   
 101  
   
    
   
 437    
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Troubled Debt Restructurings  
 If a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, the Bancorp may consider, in certain circumstances, modifying the terms of their loan to
maximize collection of amounts due. Typically, these modifications reduce the loan interest rate, extend the loan term, reduce the accrued interest or in limited circumstances, reduce the principal balance of the loan. These modifications are
classified as TDRs.    At the time of modification, the Bancorp maintains certain consumer loan TDRs (including
residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and other consumer loans) on accrual status, provided there is reasonable assurance of repayment and performance according to the modified terms based upon a current, well-documented credit evaluation.
Commercial loans modified as part of a TDR are maintained on accrual status provided there is
 

  
a sustained payment history of six months or greater prior to the modification in accordance with the modified terms and all remaining contractual payments under the modified terms are reasonably
assured of collection. TDRs of commercial loans and credit card loans that do not have a sustained payment history of six months or greater in accordance with the modified terms remain on nonaccrual status until a
 six-month  payment history is sustained.    Consumer restructured loans on accrual
status totaled $961 million and $927 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, the percentage of restructured residential mortgage loans, home equity loans, and credit card loans that are past
due 30 days or more were 25%, 11% and 39%, respectively.    
      The following tables
summarize portfolio TDRs by loan type and delinquency status:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 53: ACCRUING AND NONACCRUING PORTFOLIO TDRs 
     
 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
    
 Accruing 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
    
 Current 
   
    
 30-89 Days Past Due 
   
    
 90 Days or     More Past Due     
   
    
 Nonaccruing 
   
    
 Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans (b) 
   
 $ 
       
   
    
   
 60 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 147     
   
    
   
 207     
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (a) 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 552 
   
    
   
 52     
   
    
   
 120         
   
    
   
 12     
   
    
   
 736     
   
 
   Home equity 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 203 
   
    
   
 12     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 13     
   
    
   
 228     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 6     
   
 
   Credit card 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 14 
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 27     
   
    
   
 44     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 834 
   
    
   
 67     
   
    
   
 120         
   
    
   
 200     
   
    
   
 1,221     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose
repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of  December  31, 2018 , these advances represented  $321  of current loans,  $42
 of  30-89  days past due loans and  $101  of 90 days or more past due loans.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes restructured nonaccrual loans held for sale.  
      89  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 54: ACCRUING AND NONACCRUING
PORTFOLIO TDRs 
     
 
   
   
   
    
 Accruing             
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
   
    
    
 Current 
   
    
 30-89 Days Past Due 
   
    
 90 Days or     More Past Due     
   
    
 Nonaccruing 
   
    
 Total         
   
 
   Commercial loans (b) 
   
 $     
    
   
 249 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 150     
   
    
   
 399     
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (a) 
   
 
    
   
 478 
   
    
   
 52     
   
    
   
 122         
   
    
   
 13     
   
    
   
 665     
   
 
   Home equity 
   
 
    
   
 236 
   
    
   
 12     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 18     
   
    
   
 266     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
   
 
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 9     
   
 
   Credit card 
   
   
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 26     
   
    
   
 45     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $     
    
   
 987 
   
    
   
 67     
   
    
   
 122         
   
    
   
 208     
   
    
   
 1,384     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose
repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of December 31, 2017, these advances represented $282 of current loans, $40 of  30-89  days past due loans and $108 of 90 days or more past due
loans.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes restructured nonaccrual loans held for sale.  
   
  Analysis of Net Loan Charge-offs  
 Net charge-offs were 35 bps and 32 bps of average portfolio loans and leases for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Table 55 provides a summary of credit loss experience and net charge-offs as a percentage of average portfolio loans and leases outstanding by loan category.  
 The ratio of commercial loan and lease net charge-offs to average portfolio commercial loans and leases was 23 bps during
the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to 22 bps during the year ended December 31, 2017.
 
  Consumer loan net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio consumer
loans was 56 bps for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to 49 bps for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to increases in net charge-offs on credit card of $17 million and increases in net
charge-offs on other consumer loans of $12 million as a result of growth in unsecured loans.    

      90  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 55: SUMMARY OF CREDIT LOSS EXPERIENCE     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
    
 2018     
   
      
 2017     
   
      
 2016     
   
      
 2015     
   
      
 2014     
   
   
    
   
 
   Losses  charged-off: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 (151) 
   
      
   
 (136) 
   
      
   
 (205) 
   
      
   
 (253) 
   
      
   
 (248) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (5) 
   
      
   
 (16) 
   
      
   
 (22) 
   
      
   
 (39) 
   
      
   
 (37) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -   
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 (4) 
   
      
   
 (13) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (1) 
   
      
   
 (2) 
   
      
   
 (5) 
   
      
   
 (2) 
   
      
   
 (1) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (13) 
   
      
   
 (15) 
   
      
   
 (19) 
   
      
   
 (28) 
   
      
   
 (139) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (23) 
   
      
   
 (32) 
   
      
   
 (41) 
   
      
   
 (55) 
   
      
   
 (75) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (63) 
   
      
   
 (58) 
   
      
   
 (54) 
   
      
   
 (46) 
   
      
   
 (44) 
   
   
   
      
   
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (125) 
   
      
   
 (94) 
   
      
   
 (89) 
   
      
   
 (94) 
   
      
   
 (95) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer loans (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (69) 
   
      
   
 (28) 
   
      
   
 (21) 
   
      
   
 (21) 
   
      
   
 (27) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total losses  charged-off 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 (450) 
   
      
   
 (381) 
   
      
   
 (456) 
   
      
   
 (542) 
   
      
   
 (679) 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Recoveries of losses previously  charged-off: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 19  
   
      
   
 25  
   
      
   
 33  
   
      
   
 24  
   
      
   
 26  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6  
   
      
   
 4  
   
      
   
 7  
   
      
   
 12  
   
      
   
 11  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 1  
   
      
   
 1  
   
      
   
 1  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 1  
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 -  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6  
   
      
   
 8  
   
      
   
 9  
   
      
   
 11  
   
      
   
 13  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 11  
   
      
   
 13  
   
      
   
 14  
   
      
   
 16  
   
      
   
 16  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 23  
   
      
   
 21  
   
      
   
 19  
   
      
   
 18  
   
      
   
 17  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 24  
   
      
   
 10  
   
      
   
 9  
   
      
   
 12  
   
      
   
 13  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer loans (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 31  
   
      
   
 2  
   
      
   
 1  
   
      
   
 2  
   
      
   
 7  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total recoveries of losses
previously  charged-off 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 120  
   
      
   
 83  
   
      
   
 94  
   
      
   
 96  
   
      
   
 104  
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net losses  charged-off: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (132) 
   
      
   
 (111) 
   
      
   
 (172) 
   
      
   
 (229) 
   
      
   
 (222) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1  
   
      
   
 (12) 
   
      
   
 (15) 
   
      
   
 (27) 
   
      
   
 (26) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -   
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 1  
   
      
   
 (3) 
   
      
   
 (12) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (1) 
   
      
   
 (2) 
   
      
   
 (4) 
   
      
   
 (2) 
   
      
   
 (1) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (7) 
   
      
   
 (7) 
   
      
   
 (10) 
   
      
   
 (17) 
   
      
   
 (126) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (12) 
   
      
   
 (19) 
   
      
   
 (27) 
   
      
   
 (39) 
   
      
   
 (59) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (40) 
   
      
   
 (37) 
   
      
   
 (35) 
   
      
   
 (28) 
   
      
   
 (27) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (101) 
   
      
   
 (84) 
   
      
   
 (80) 
   
      
   
 (82) 
   
      
   
 (82) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (38) 
   
      
   
 (26) 
   
      
   
 (20) 
   
      
   
 (19) 
   
      
   
 (20) 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total net losses  charged-off 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 (330) 
   
      
   
 (298) 
   
      
   
 (362) 
   
      
   
 (446) 
   
      
   
 (575) 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net losses  charged-off  as a percent of average portfolio
loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.31  
  %  
      
   
 0.27  
   
      
   
 0.40  
   
      
   
 0.54  
   
      
   
 0.54  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (0.01) 
   
      
   
 0.17  
   
      
   
 0.23  
   
      
   
 0.38  
   
      
   
 0.34  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
      
   
 -  
   
      
   
 (0.01) 
   
      
   
 0.11  
   
      
   
 0.79  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.03  
   
      
   
 0.06  
   
      
   
 0.10  
   
      
   
 0.04  
   
      
   
 0.01  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total commercial loans and
leases 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 0.23  
   
      
   
 0.22  
   
      
   
 0.33  
   
      
   
 0.46  
   
      
   
 0.48  
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.04  
   
      
   
 0.04  
   
      
   
 0.07  
   
      
   
 0.13  
   
      
   
 0.99  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.17  
   
      
   
 0.26  
   
      
   
 0.33  
   
      
   
 0.46  
   
      
   
 0.65  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.45  
   
      
   
 0.39  
   
      
   
 0.33  
   
      
   
 0.24  
   
      
   
 0.22  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4.44  
   
      
   
 3.93  
   
      
   
 3.69  
   
      
   
 3.60  
   
      
   
 3.60  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1.93  
   
      
   
 2.57  
   
      
   
 2.93  
   
      
   
 3.26  
   
      
   
 5.80  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total consumer
loans 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 0.56  
   
      
   
 0.49  
   
      
   
 0.48  
   
      
   
 0.51  
   
      
   
 0.86  
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total net losses
 charged-off  as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 0.35  
  %  
      
   
 0.32  
   
      
   
 0.39  
   
      
   
 0.48  
   
      
   
 0.64  
   
   
   
   
   
   (a) For the year ended  December  31, 2018 , the Bancorp
recorded  $29  in both losses  charged-off  and recoveries of losses  charged-off  related to customer defaults on  point-of-sale  consumer loans for which the Bancorp obtained recoveries under third-party credit enhancements.  
   
  Allowance for Credit Losses  
 The allowance for credit losses is comprised of the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments. The ALLL provides coverage for probable and
estimable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp evaluates the ALLL each quarter to determine its adequacy to cover inherent losses. Several factors are taken into consideration in the determination of the overall ALLL, including an
unallocated component. These factors include, but are not limited to, the overall risk profile of the loan and lease portfolios, net  charge-off  experience, the extent of impaired loans and leases, the level of
nonaccrual loans and leases, the level of 90 days past due loans and leases and the overall level of the ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and leases. The Bancorp also considers overall asset quality trends, credit administration and portfolio
management practices, risk identification practices, credit policy and underwriting
 

  
practices, overall portfolio growth, portfolio concentrations and current economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. Refer to the Critical Accounting Policies section of MD&A for
more information.    During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Bancorp did not substantively change any material
aspect of its overall approach in the determination of the ALLL and there have been no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance. In addition
to the ALLL, the Bancorp maintains a reserve for unfunded commitments recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The methodology used to determine the adequacy of this reserve is similar to the Bancorp’s methodology for
determining the ALLL. The provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments is included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
   

      91  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  
  The ALLL attributable to the portion of the residential mortgage and consumer
loan portfolios that has not been restructured in a TDR is calculated on a pooled basis with the segmentation based on the similarity of credit risk characteristics. Loss factors for consumer loans are developed for each pool based on the trailing
twelve month historical loss rate, as adjusted for certain prescriptive loss rate factors and certain qualitative adjustment factors. The prescriptive loss rate factors and qualitative adjustments are designed to reflect risks associated with
current conditions and trends which are not believed to be fully reflected in the trailing twelve month historical loss rate. For real estate backed consumer loans, the prescriptive loss rate factors include adjustments for delinquency trends, LTV
trends, refreshed FICO score trends and product mix, and the qualitative factors include adjustments for changes in policies or procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management
personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values and geographic concentrations. The Bancorp considers home price index trends in its footprint and the volatility of collateral valuation trends when determining the
collateral value qualitative factor.  
  The Bancorp’s determination of the ALLL for commercial loans is
sensitive to the risk grades it assigns to these loans. In the event that 10% of commercial loans in each risk category would experience a downgrade of one risk category, the allowance for commercial loans would increase by approximately
$163 million at December 31, 2018. In addition, the Bancorp’s determination of the ALLL for residential mortgage loans and consumer loans and leases is sensitive to changes in estimated loss rates. In the event that estimated loss
rates would increase by 10%, the ALLL for residential mortgage loans and consumer loans and leases would increase by approximately $35 million at December 31, 2018. As several qualitative and quantitative factors are considered in
determining the ALLL, these sensitivity analyses do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the ALLL. They are intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes to risk grades and estimated loss rates and do
not imply any expectation of future deterioration in the risk ratings or loss rates. Given current processes employed by the Bancorp, management believes the risk grades and estimated loss rates currently assigned are appropriate.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 56: CHANGES IN ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES     
     
   
 
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
    
     2018   
   
      
 2017 
   
      
 2016 
   
      
 2015 
   
      
 2014   
   
   
    
 
   ALLL: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 1,196 
   
      
   
 1,253 
   
      
   
 1,272 
   
      
   
 1,322 
   
      
   
 1,582 
   
   
 
 
   Losses  charged-off (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (450 
 )  
      
   
 (381 
 )  
      
   
 (456 
 )  
      
   
 (542 
 )  
      
   
 (679 
 )  
   
      
 
   Recoveries of losses previously  charged-off (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 120 
   
      
   
 83 
   
      
   
 94 
   
      
   
 96 
   
      
   
 104 
   
   
 
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 237 
   
      
   
 261 
   
      
   
 343 
   
      
   
 396 
   
      
   
 315 
   
   
 
 
   Deconsolidation of a VIE (b) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
      
   
 (20 
 )  
      
   
 - 
   
      
   
 - 
   
      
   
 - 
   
   
 
 
   Balance, end of
period 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 1,103 
   
      
   
 1,196 
   
      
   
 1,253 
   
      
   
 1,272 
   
      
   
 1,322 
   
   
   
 
   Reserve for unfunded commitments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 161 
   
      
   
 161 
   
      
   
 138 
   
      
   
 135 
   
      
   
 162 
   
   
 
 
   (Benefit from) provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (30 
 )  
      
   
 - 
   
      
   
 23 
   
      
   
 4 
   
      
   
 (27 
 )  
   
 
 
   Losses  charged-off 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
      
   
 - 
   
      
   
 - 
   
      
   
 (1 
 )  
      
   
 - 
   
   
 
 
   Balance, end of
period 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 131 
   
      
   
 161 
   
      
   
 161 
   
      
   
 138 
   
      
   
 135 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   For the year ended  December  31, 2018 ,
the Bancorp recorded  $29  in both losses  charged-off  and recoveries of losses  charged-off  related to customer defaults on  point-of-sale  consumer loans for which the Bancorp obtained recoveries under third-party credit enhancements.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the
deconsolidation of a VIE.  
   
  Certain inherent but unconfirmed losses are probable within the loan and lease portfolio. The
Bancorp’s current methodology for determining the level of losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits above specified thresholds and restructured loans and other
qualitative adjustments. Due to the heavy reliance on realized historical losses and the credit grade rating process, the model-derived estimate of ALLL tends to slightly lag behind the deterioration in the portfolio in a stable or deteriorating
credit environment, and tends not to be as responsive when improved conditions have presented themselves. Given these model limitations, the qualitative adjustment factors may be incremental or decremental to the quantitative model results.
 
  An unallocated component of the ALLL is maintained to recognize the
imprecision in estimating and measuring loss. The unallocated allowance as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases at December 31, 2018 and 2017 was 0.12% and 0.13%, respectively. The unallocated allowance was 10% of the total allowance
at both December 31, 2018 and 2017.    As shown in Table 57, the ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and leases was
1.16% at December 31, 2018, compared to 1.30% at December 31, 2017. The ALLL was $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
   

      92  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 TABLE 57: ATTRIBUTION OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES TO PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES 
     
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
    
 2018   
   
      
 2017   
   
      
 2016   
   
      
 2015   
   
      
 2014       
   
 
   Attributed ALLL: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 515 
   
      
   
 651 
   
      
   
 718 
   
      
   
 652 
   
      
   
 673     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 80 
   
      
   
 65 
   
      
   
 82 
   
      
   
 117 
   
      
   
 140     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 32 
   
      
   
 23 
   
      
   
 16 
   
      
   
 24 
   
      
   
 17     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 18 
   
      
   
 14 
   
      
   
 15 
   
      
   
 47 
   
      
   
 45     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 81 
   
      
   
 89 
   
      
   
 96 
   
      
   
 100 
   
      
   
 104     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 36 
   
      
   
 46 
   
      
   
 58 
   
      
   
 67 
   
      
   
 87     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 42 
   
      
   
 38 
   
      
   
 42 
   
      
   
 40 
   
      
   
 33     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 156 
   
      
   
 117 
   
      
   
 102 
   
      
   
 99 
   
      
   
 104     
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 33 
   
      
   
 33 
   
      
   
 12 
   
      
   
 11 
   
      
   
 13     
   
 
   Unallocated 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 110 
   
      
   
 120 
   
      
   
 112 
   
      
   
 115 
   
      
   
 106     
   
 
   Total attributed
ALLL 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 1,103 
   
      
   
 1,196 
   
      
   
 1,253 
   
      
   
 1,272 
   
      
   
 1,322     
   
 
   Portfolio loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 44,340 
   
      
   
 41,170 
   
      
   
 41,676 
   
      
   
 42,131 
   
      
   
 40,765     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6,974 
   
      
   
 6,604 
   
      
   
 6,899 
   
      
   
 6,957 
   
      
   
 7,399     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4,657 
   
      
   
 4,553 
   
      
   
 3,903 
   
      
   
 3,214 
   
      
   
 2,069     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 3,600 
   
      
   
 4,068 
   
      
   
 3,974 
   
      
   
 3,854 
   
      
   
 3,720     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 15,504 
   
      
   
 15,591 
   
      
   
 15,051 
   
      
   
 13,716 
   
      
   
 12,389     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6,402 
   
      
   
 7,014 
   
      
   
 7,695 
   
      
   
 8,301 
   
      
   
 8,886     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 8,976 
   
      
   
 9,112 
   
      
   
 9,983 
   
      
   
 11,493 
   
      
   
 12,037     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,470 
   
      
   
 2,299 
   
      
   
 2,237 
   
      
   
 2,259 
   
      
   
 2,401     
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,342 
   
      
   
 1,559 
   
      
   
 680 
   
      
   
 657 
   
      
   
 418     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans
and leases 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 95,265 
   
      
   
 91,970 
   
      
   
 92,098 
   
      
   
 92,582 
   
      
   
 90,084     
   
 
   Attributed ALLL as a percent of respective portfolio loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1.16 
  %  
      
   
 1.58 
   
      
   
 1.72 
   
      
   
 1.55 
   
      
   
 1.65     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1.15 
   
      
   
 0.98 
   
      
   
 1.19 
   
      
   
 1.68 
   
      
   
 1.89     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.69 
   
      
   
 0.51 
   
      
   
 0.41 
   
      
   
 0.75 
   
      
   
 0.82     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.50 
   
      
   
 0.34 
   
      
   
 0.38 
   
      
   
 1.22 
   
      
   
 1.21     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.52 
   
      
   
 0.57 
   
      
   
 0.64 
   
      
   
 0.73 
   
      
   
 0.84     
   
 
   Home equity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.56 
   
      
   
 0.66 
   
      
   
 0.75 
   
      
   
 0.81 
   
      
   
 0.98     
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.47 
   
      
   
 0.42 
   
      
   
 0.42 
   
      
   
 0.35 
   
      
   
 0.27     
   
 
   Credit card 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6.32 
   
      
   
 5.09 
   
      
   
 4.56 
   
      
   
 4.38 
   
      
   
 4.33     
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1.41 
   
      
   
 2.12 
   
      
   
 1.76 
   
      
   
 1.67 
   
      
   
 3.11     
   
 
   Unallocated (as a percent of portfolio loans and leases) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 0.12 
   
      
   
 0.13 
   
      
   
 0.12 
   
      
   
 0.12 
   
      
   
 0.12     
   
 
   Attributed ALLL as a
percent of portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 1.16 
  %  
      
   
 1.30 
   
      
   
 1.36 
   
      
   
 1.37 
   
      
   
 1.47     
   
 
   
  MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT  
 Market risk is the  day-to-day  potential for the value of a
financial instrument to increase or decrease due to movements in market factors. The Bancorp’s market risk includes risks resulting from movements in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices. Interest rate
risk, a component of market risk, primarily impacts the Bancorp’s NII and interest sensitive fee income categories through changes in interest income on earning assets and cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and through fee items that are
related to interest sensitive activities such as mortgage origination and servicing income. Management considers interest rate risk a prominent market risk in terms of its potential impact on earnings. Interest rate risk may occur for any one or
more of the following reasons:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   Assets and liabilities mature or reprice at different times;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   Short-term and long-term market interest rates change by different amounts; or  
 
 
   
 ● 
   The expected maturities of various assets or liabilities shorten or lengthen as interest rates change.
   In addition to the direct impact of interest rate changes on NII, interest rates can impact earnings
through their effect on loan and deposit demand, credit losses, mortgage originations, the value of servicing rights and other sources of the Bancorp’s earnings. Stability of the Bancorp’s net income is largely dependent upon the effective
management of interest rate risk. Management continually reviews the Bancorp’s balance sheet composition and earnings flows
 

  
and models the interest rate risk, and possible actions to manage this risk, given numerous possible future interest rate scenarios. A series of Policy Limits and Key Risk Indicators are employed
to ensure that this risk is managed within the Bancorp’s risk tolerance.    Interest Rate Risk Management Oversight  
 The Bancorp’s ALCO, which includes senior management representatives and is accountable to the ERMC, monitors and manages interest rate risk within
Board-approved policy limits. In addition to the risk management activities of ALCO, the Bancorp has a Market Risk Management function as part of ERM that provides independent oversight of market risk activities.  
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity  
 The Bancorp employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its interest rate risk, including the use of an NII simulation
model to analyze the sensitivity of NII to changes in interest rates. The model is based on contractual and estimated cash flows and repricing characteristics for all of the Bancorp’s assets, liabilities and
 off-balance  sheet exposures and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment rates of certain assets and attrition rates of certain liabilities. The
model also includes senior management’s projections of the future volume and pricing of each of the product lines offered by the Bancorp as well as other pertinent assumptions. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to timing,
magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, deviations from projected assumptions, as well as from changes in market conditions and management strategies.
   

      93  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  
  As of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp’s interest rate risk exposure
is governed by a risk framework that utilizes the change in NII over  12-month  and  24-month  horizons assuming a 200 bps parallel ramped increase and a 150 bps parallel
ramped decrease in interest rates. Additionally, the Bancorp routinely analyzes various potential and extreme scenarios, including ramps, shocks and twists to assess where risks to net interest income persist or develop as changes in the balance
sheet and market rates evolve.    In order to recognize the risk of noninterest-bearing demand deposit balance  run-off  in a rising interest rate environment, the Bancorp’s NII sensitivity modeling assumes that approximately $500 million of additional demand deposit balances
 run-off  over 24 months above what is included in senior management’s baseline projections for each 100 bps increase in short-term market interest rates. Similarly, the Bancorp’s NII sensitivity
modeling incorporates approximately $500 million of incremental growth in noninterest-bearing deposit balances over 24 months above senior management’s baseline projections for each 100 bps decrease in short-term market interest rates. The
incremental balance  run-off  and growth are modeled to flow into and out of funding products that reprice in conjunction with market rate changes.
 
  Another important deposit modeling assumption is the amount by which
interest-bearing deposit rates will increase or decrease when market interest rates increase or decrease. This deposit repricing sensitivity is known as the beta, and it represents the expected amount by which Bancorp deposit rates will change for a
given change in short-term market rates. The Bancorp’s NII sensitivity modeling assumes a weighted-average rising rate interest-bearing deposit beta of 70% at December 31, 2018, which is approximately 10 to 20 percentage points higher than
the average beta that the Bancorp experienced in the last FRB tightening cycle from June 2004 to June 2006 and higher than the most recent beta experienced in the current tightening cycle to date. The Bancorp’s NII sensitivity modeling assumes
a weighted-average falling rate interest-bearing deposit beta of 40% at December 31, 2018. In addition, the modeling assumes there is no lag between the timing of changes in market rates and the timing of deposit repricing despite such timing
lags having occurred for each rate move thus far in the current tightening cycle.    The Bancorp continually evaluates the
sensitivity of its interest rate risk measures to these important deposit modeling assumptions. The Bancorp also regularly monitors the sensitivity of other important modeling assumptions, such as loan and security prepayments and early withdrawals
on fixed-rate customer liabilities.    
      The following table shows
the Bancorp’s estimated NII sensitivity profile and ALCO policy limits as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 58: ESTIMATED NII SENSITIVITY PROFILE AND ALCO POLICY LIMITS 
     
 
     
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   
   
     
  % Change in NII (FTE)  
   
   
     ALCO Policy Limits     
   
   
  % Change in NII (FTE)  
   
   
     ALCO Policy Limits     
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Change in Interest Rates (bps) 
   
   12  
 Months  
   
   
 13-24  Months  
   
   
   12  
 Months  
   
   
 13-24  Months  
   
   
   12  
 Months  
   
   
 13-24  Months  
   
   
   12  
 Months  
   
   
 13-24     Months     
   
 
     
   
 
   + 200 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  %  
   
   
 2.11 
   
   
   
 (4.00) 
   
   
   
 (6.00) 
   
   
   
 2.05 
 %  
   
   
 6.34 
   
   
   
 (4.00) 
   
   
   
 (6.00)     
   
 
   + 100 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 0.09  
   
   
   
 1.34 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 1.23 
   
   
   
 3.78 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A     
   
 
    -75 Ramp over 9 months 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (4.97 
 )  
   
   
 (9.44) 
   
   
   
 (8.00) 
   
   
   
 (12.00)     
   
 
    -100 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (2.83) 
   
   
   
 (6.70) 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A     
   
 
    -150 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (4.34) 
   
   
   
 (10.58) 
   
   
   
 (8.00) 
   
   
   
 (12.00) 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  At December 31, 2018, the Bancorp’s NII sensitivity is near neutral in year one and
would benefit in year two under the parallel rate ramp increases. The Bancorp’s NII would decline in both year one and year two under the parallel 150 bps ramp decrease in interest rates. The NII sensitivity profile is attributable to the
combination of floating-rate assets, including the predominantly floating-rate commercial loan portfolio, and certain intermediate-term fixed-rate liabilities. As the FOMC has increased its target range for the federal funds rate, the sensitivity to
declining rates has increased, which is a reflection of the balance sheet mix previously described. Reductions in the yield of the commercial loan portfolio would be expected to be only partially offset by a decline in the cost of interest-bearing
deposits in this scenario. During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Bancorp executed hedges with notional amounts of $4 billion in spot starting and $1 billion in forward starting receive-fixed interest rate swaps and $3 billion in
forward starting interest rate floors, which reduced the Bancorp’s exposure to falling rates while allowing the balance sheet to remain asset sensitive over the
24- 

  
month horizon. Additionally, $3.2 billion in out of the money cash flow hedges, originally maturing in 2019, were terminated to enhance asset sensitivity over the next year and to increase
the capacity for additional cash flow hedges, as warranted. The changes in the estimated NII sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2018 compared to December 31, 2017 were primarily attributable to an increase in the outstanding taxable
securities balances, a net increase in outstanding receive-fixed swaps against floating-rate commercial loans, the addition of forward starting floors against  one-month  LIBOR, reduced noninterest-bearing
deposit balances and a decrease in outstanding fixed-rate long-term debt. These items were partially offset by an overall increase in core deposit balances and a reduction in fixed-rate commercial leases and residential mortgage.  
 Tables 59 and 60 provide the Bancorp’s estimated NII profile at December 31, 2018 with changes to certain deposit
balances and deposit repricing sensitivity (betas) assumptions.    

      94  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table includes the Bancorp’s estimated NII sensitivity profile with an
immediate $1 billion decrease and an immediate $1 billion increase in demand deposit balances as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 59: ESTIMATED NII SENSITIVITY ASSUMING A $1 BILLION CHANGE IN DEMAND
DEPOSIT BALANCES 
     
 
     
   
 
   
   
 % Change in NII (FTE) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   
   
 Immediate $1 Billion Balance Decrease 
   
   
 Immediate $1 Billion Balance Increase 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Change in Interest Rates (bps) 
   
   12       
 Months       
   
   
   13-24       
 Months       
   
   
   12       
 Months       
   
   
 
 13-24             
 Months             
   
 
     
   
 
   + 200 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (0.25 
 )   %  
   
   
 1.66 
   
   
   
 0.22 
   
   
   
 2.56      
   
 
   + 100 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
   
   
 1.12 
   
   
   
 0.20 
   
   
   
 1.57      
   
 
    -100 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (2.95 
 )  
   
   
 (6.93 
 )  
   
   
 (2.72 
 )  
   
   
 (6.48)     
   
 
    -150 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (4.52 
 )  
   
   
 (10.92 
 )  
   
   
 (4.17 
 )  
   
   
 (10.24)     
   
 
     
   
 
       The following table includes the
Bancorp’s estimated NII sensitivity profile with a 25% increase and a 25% decrease to the deposit beta assumptions as of December 31, 2018. The resulting weighted-average interest-bearing deposit betas included in this analysis are
approximately 88% and 53%, respectively, as of December 31, 2018:     
       
 
 
   TABLE 60: ESTIMATED NII SENSITIVITY WITH DEPOSIT BETA ASSUMPTION
CHANGES 
     
 
     
   
 
   
   
 % Change in NII (FTE) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   
   
 Betas 25% Higher 
   
   
 Betas 25% Lower 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Change in Interest Rates (bps) 
   
   12     
 Months     
   
   
 
 13-24         
 Months         
   
   
   12         
 Months         
   
   
 
 13-24         
 Months         
   
 
     
   
 
   + 200 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (3.01 
 )   %  
   
   
 (3.67 
 )  
   
   
 2.98 
   
   
   
 7.89      
   
 
   + 100 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (1.41 
 )  
   
   
 (1.52 
 )  
   
   
 1.58 
   
   
   
 4.21      
   
 
    -100 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (1.98 
 )  
   
   
 (5.05 
 )  
   
   
 (3.68 
 )  
   
   
 (8.30)     
   
 
    -150 Ramp over 12 months 
   
   
 (3.12 
 )  
   
   
 (8.60 
 )  
   
   
 (5.57 
 )  
   
   
 (12.77)     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity  
 The Bancorp also uses EVE as a measurement tool in managing interest rate risk. Whereas the NII sensitivity analysis highlights the impact on
forecasted NII on an FTE basis  (non-GAAP)  over one and two year time horizons, EVE is a  point-in-time  analysis of the economic
sensitivity of current positions that incorporates all cash flows over their estimated remaining lives. The EVE of the balance sheet is defined as the discounted present value of all asset and net derivative cash flows less the discounted value of
all liability cash flows. Due to this longer horizon, the sensitivity of EVE to changes
 

  
in the level of interest rates is a measure of longer-term interest rate risk. EVE values only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the balance growth assumptions used in the NII
sensitivity analysis. As with the NII simulation model, assumptions about the timing and variability of existing balance sheet cash flows are critical in the EVE analysis. Particularly important are assumptions driving loan and security prepayments
and the expected balance attrition and pricing of transaction deposits.    
      The following table shows
the Bancorp’s estimated EVE sensitivity profile as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 61: ESTIMATED EVE SENSITIVITY PROFILE 
     
 
     
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Change in Interest Rates (bps) 
   
  Change in EVE   
   
   
  ALCO Policy Limit  
   
   
  Change in EVE    
   
   
  ALCO Policy Limit     
   
 
     
   
 
   + 200 Shock 
   
   
 (7.09 
 )   %  
   
   
 (12.00) 
   
   
   
 (4.87) 
   
   
   
 (12.00)     
   
 
   + 100 Shock 
   
   
 (3.21 
 )  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (1.82) 
   
   
   
 N/A     
   
 
    -100 Shock 
   
   
 (1.01 
 )  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (1.57) 
   
   
   
 N/A     
   
 
    -200 Shock 
   
   
 (5.27 
 )  
   
   
 (12.00) 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The EVE sensitivity is moderately negative in both the +200 bps rising rate and the  -200  bps falling rate scenarios at December 31, 2018. The changes in the estimated EVE sensitivity profile from December 31, 2017 are primarily related to an increase in the outstanding taxable securities
balance, migration from noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing deposits with higher attrition assumptions, the addition of receive-fixed swaps against floating-rate commercial loans and the addition of interest rate floors. These items
were partially offset by net  run-off  of the fixed-rate commercial lease and residential mortgage portfolios and overall deposit growth.  
 While an instantaneous shift in interest rates is used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure, the Bancorp
believes that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a much more modest
 

  
impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be
impacted over a shorter time horizon (e.g., the current fiscal year). Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, changes in yield curve relationships and changing product spreads that
could mitigate or exacerbate the impact of changes in interest rates. The NII simulations and EVE analyses do not necessarily include certain actions that management may undertake to manage risk in response to actual changes in interest rates.  
 The Bancorp regularly evaluates its exposures to a static balance sheet forecast, LIBOR, Prime Rate and other basis risks,
yield curve twist risks and embedded options risks.    

      95  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
In addition, the impacts on NII on an FTE basis and EVE of extreme changes in interest rates are modeled, wherein the Bancorp employs the use of yield curve shocks and environment-specific
scenarios.    Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate Risk  
 An integral component of the Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy is its use of derivative instruments to minimize
significant fluctuations in earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. Examples of derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors,
interest rate caps, forward contracts, forward starting interest rate swaps, options, swaptions and TBA securities.    As
part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its residential mortgage banking activities, the Bancorp enters into forward contracts accounted for as free-standing derivatives to economically hedge IRLCs that are also considered
free-standing derivatives. Additionally, the Bancorp economically hedges its exposure to residential mortgage loans held for sale through the use of forward contracts and mortgage options.  
 The Bancorp also enters into derivative contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge market risks
assumed in interest rate derivative contracts with commercial customers.
 

  
Generally, these contracts have similar terms in order to protect the Bancorp from market volatility. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts, which the Bancorp minimizes through collateral arrangements, approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The Bancorp has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not being taken in providing this
service to customers. These controls include an independent determination of interest rate volatility and credit equivalent exposure on these contracts and counterparty credit approvals performed by independent risk management. For further
information including the notional amount and fair values of these derivatives, refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Portfolio Loans and Leases and Interest Rate Risk  
 Although the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases contain both fixed and floating/adjustable-rate products, the rates of interest earned
by the Bancorp on the outstanding balances are generally established for a period of time. The interest rate sensitivity of loans and leases is directly related to the length of time the rate earned is established.
   
      The following table
summarizes the carrying value of the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases expected cash flows, excluding interest receivable, as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 62: PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES EXPECTED CASH FLOWS 
     
 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
       Less than 1 year 
   
      
 1-5 years  
   
      
 Over 5 years 
   
      
 Total         
   
 
     
   
 
    Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 24,942     
   
      
   
 18,820 
   
      
   
 578   
   
      
   
 44,340         
   
 
    Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 2,552     
   
      
   
 3,803 
   
      
   
 619   
   
      
   
 6,974         
   
 
    Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 2,217     
   
      
   
 2,351 
   
      
   
 89   
   
      
   
 4,657         
   
 
    Commercial leases 
    
   
 829     
   
      
   
 1,656 
   
      
   
 1,115   
   
      
   
 3,600         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 30,540     
   
      
   
 26,630 
   
      
   
 2,401   
   
      
   
 59,571         
   
 
     
   
 
    Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 2,430     
   
      
   
 6,515 
   
      
   
 6,559   
   
      
   
 15,504         
   
 
    Home equity 
    
   
 1,635     
   
      
   
 3,270 
   
      
   
 1,497   
   
      
   
 6,402         
   
 
    Automobile loans 
    
   
 3,731     
   
      
   
 4,873 
   
      
   
 372   
   
      
   
 8,976         
   
 
    Credit card 
    
   
 494     
   
      
   
 1,976 
   
      
   
 -   
   
      
   
 2,470         
   
 
    Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1,575     
   
      
   
 708 
   
      
   
 59   
   
      
   
 2,342         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
    
   
 9,865     
   
      
   
 17,342 
   
      
   
 8,487   
   
      
   
 35,694         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 40,405     
   
      
   
 43,972 
   
      
   
 10,888   
   
      
   
 95,265         
   
 
     
   
   Additionally, the following table displays a summary of expected cash flows, excluding interest receivable,
occurring after one year for both fixed and floating/adjustable-rate loans and leases as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TABLE 63: PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES EXPECTED CASH FLOWS OCCURRING AFTER 1 YEAR 
   


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Interest Rate 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   ($ in millions) 
   
 
 
 
   
   
                     Fixed   
   
   
   
                           Floating or Adjustable    
     
   
 
     
   
 
    Commercial and industrial loans 
   
     $ 
   
   
   
   
 2,380 
   
   
   
 17,018                     
   
 
    Commercial mortgage loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 864 
   
   
   
 3,558                     
   
 
    Commercial construction loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
 2,409                     
   
 
    Commercial leases 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,771 
   
   
   
 -                     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 6,046 
   
   
   
 22,985                     
   
 
     
   
 
    Residential mortgage loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,793 
   
   
   
 3,281                     
   
 
    Home equity 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 495 
   
   
   
 4,272                     
   
 
    Automobile loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,218 
   
   
   
 27                     
   
 
    Credit card 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 480 
   
   
   
 1,496                     
   
 
    Other consumer loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 482 
   
   
   
 285                     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 16,468 
   
   
   
 9,361                     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
   
     $ 
   
   
   
   
 22,514 
   
   
   
 32,346                     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights and Interest Rate Risk  
 The fair value of the residential MSR portfolio was $938 million and $858 million at December 31, 2018 and December 31,
2017, respectively. The value of servicing rights can fluctuate sharply
 

  
depending on changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, as interest rates decline and loans are prepaid to take advantage of refinancing, the total value of existing servicing rights
declines because no further servicing fees are collected on repaid loans.    

      96  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  
The Bancorp maintains a  non-qualifying  hedging strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity in order to manage a portion of the risk associated with
changes in the value of its MSR portfolio as a result of changing interest rates.    Mortgage rates increased during the
year ended December 31, 2018 which caused modeled prepayment speeds to slow. The fair value of the MSR portfolio increased $42 million due to changes to inputs to the valuation model including prepayment speeds and OAS spread assumptions
and decreased $125 million due to the passage of time, including the impact of regularly scheduled repayments, paydowns and payoffs for the year ended December 31, 2018.  
 Mortgage rates decreased during the year ended December 31, 2017 which caused modeled prepayment speeds to increase,
leading to fair value adjustments on servicing rights. The fair value of the MSR portfolio decreased $1 million due to changes to inputs to the valuation model including prepayment speeds and OAS spread assumptions and decreased
$121 million due to the passage of time, including the impact of regularly scheduled repayments, paydowns and payoffs for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 The Bancorp recognized net losses of $36 million and net gains of $4 million, respectively, on its  non-qualifying  hedging strategy during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. These amounts include net losses of $15 million and net gains of $2 million, respectively, on securities related to
the Bancorp’s  non-qualifying  hedging strategy during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. The Bancorp may adjust its hedging strategy to reflect its assessment of the composition of its MSR
portfolio, the cost of hedging and the anticipated effectiveness of the hedges given the economic environment. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on servicing rights and the instruments used to
hedge interest rate risk on MSRs.    Foreign Currency Risk  
 The Bancorp may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. The
 

  
derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the revaluation gain or loss being recorded in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The balance of the
Bancorp’s foreign denominated loans at December 31, 2018 and 2017 was $948 million and $939 million, respectively. The Bancorp also enters into foreign exchange contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their
exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of interest rate risk from interest rate derivative contracts, the Bancorp also enters into foreign exchange contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge a
substantial portion of the exposure from client driven foreign exchange activity. The Bancorp has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not being taken in providing this service to customers. These controls
include an independent determination of currency volatility and credit equivalent exposure on these contracts, counterparty credit approvals and country limits performed by independent risk management.  
 Commodity Risk    The Bancorp also
enters into commodity contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their exposure to commodity price fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of foreign exchange and interest rate risk from interest rate derivative contracts, the Bancorp
also enters into commodity contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge a substantial portion of the exposure from client driven commodity activity. The Bancorp may also offset this risk with exchange-traded commodity
contracts. The Bancorp has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not taken in providing this service to customers. These controls include an independent determination of commodity volatility and credit
equivalent exposure on these contracts and counterparty credit approvals performed by independent risk management.    

   
  LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT  
 The goal of liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan and lease demand, unexpected levels of deposit
withdrawals and other contractual obligations. Mitigating liquidity risk is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of cash and investment securities, maintaining sufficient unused borrowing capacity in the debt markets and delivering
consistent growth in core deposits. A summary of certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts is included in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The Bancorp’s Treasury department manages funding and liquidity based on  point-in-time  metrics as well as forward-looking projections, which incorporate different sources and uses of funds under base and stress scenarios. Liquidity risk is monitored and managed by the Treasury
department, and a series of Policy Limits and Key Risk Indicators are established to ensure risks are managed within the Bancorp’s risk tolerance. The Bancorp maintains a contingency funding plan that provides for liquidity stress testing,
which assesses the liquidity needs under varying market conditions, time horizons, asset growth rates and other events. The contingency plan provides for ongoing monitoring of unused borrowing capacity and available sources of contingent liquidity
to prepare for unexpected liquidity needs and to cover unanticipated events that could affect liquidity. The contingency plan also outlines the Bancorp’s response to various levels of liquidity stress and actions that should be taken during
various scenarios.  
      Liquidity Risk Management Oversight
   The Bancorp’s ALCO, which includes senior management representatives and is accountable to the ERMC, monitors and manages
liquidity and funding risk within Board-approved policy limits. In addition to the risk management activities of ALCO, the Bancorp has a Market Risk Management function as part of ERM that provides independent oversight of liquidity risk management.
   Sources of Funds    The
Bancorp’s primary sources of funds relate to cash flows from loan and lease repayments, payments from securities related to sales and maturities, the sale or securitization of loans and leases and funds generated by core deposits, in addition
to the use of public and private debt offerings.    Table 62 of the Market Risk Management subsection of the Risk
Management section of MD&A illustrates the expected maturities from loan and lease repayments. Of the $32.8 billion of securities in the Bancorp’s
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities portfolio at December 31, 2018, $3.3 billion in principal and interest is expected to be received in the next 12
months and an additional $3.2 billion is expected to be received in the next 13 to 24 months. For further information on the Bancorp’s securities portfolio, refer to the Investment Securities subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis
section of MD&A.    

      97  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  Asset-driven liquidity is provided by the Bancorp’s ability to sell or
securitize loans and leases. In order to reduce the exposure to interest rate fluctuations and to manage liquidity, the Bancorp has developed securitization and sale procedures for several types of interest-sensitive assets. A majority of the
long-term, fixed-rate single-family residential mortgage loans underwritten according to FHLMC or FNMA guidelines are sold for cash upon origination. Additional assets such as certain other residential mortgage loans, certain commercial loans, home
equity loans, automobile loans and other consumer loans are also capable of being securitized or sold. The Bancorp sold or securitized loans totaling $5.5 billion during the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to $7.5 billion during
the year ended December 31, 2017. For further information, refer to Note 10 and Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Core deposits have historically provided the Bancorp with a sizeable source of relatively stable and  low-cost  funds. The Bancorp’s average core deposits and average shareholders’ equity funded 83% of its average total assets for both the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. In addition to core
deposit funding, the Bancorp also accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include the use of the FHLB system. Certificates $100,000 and over and deposits in the Bancorp’s foreign branch located in the Cayman
Islands are wholesale funding tools utilized to fund asset growth. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in response to changing balance sheet needs.  
 As of December 31, 2018, $7.3 billion of debt or other securities were available for issuance under the current
Bancorp’s Board of Directors’ authorizations and the Bancorp is authorized to file any
 

  
necessary registration statements with the SEC to permit ready access to the public securities markets; however, access to these markets may depend on market conditions. During the year ended
2018, the Bancorp issued and sold $900 million of senior notes.    The Bank’s global bank note program has a
borrowing capacity of $25.0 billion, of which $17.0 billion was available for issuance as of December 31, 2018. During the year ended 2018, the Bank issued and sold $1.6 billion of senior bank notes. Additionally, at
December 31, 2018, the Bank had approximately $45.2 billion of borrowing capacity available through secured borrowing sources including the FHLB and FRB.  
 For further information on subsequent events related to long-term debt, refer to Note 31 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.    Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio  
 The Bancorp is subject to the Modified LCR requirement, which stipulates that BHCs with at least $50 billion but less than
$250 billion in total consolidated assets that are not internationally active, such as the Bancorp, maintain HQLA equal to their calculated net cash outflows over a 30  calendar-day  stress period
multiplied by a factor of 0.7. The Bancorp’s Modified LCR was 128% at December 31, 2018.    Further, beginning
with the fourth quarter of 2018, BHCs subject to the Modified LCR are required to calculate and disclose the quarterly average components used to calculate their Modified LCR.
   
      The following table
presents the components of the Bancorp’s Quarterly Average Modified LCR for the three months ended:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 64: QUARTERLY AVERAGE MODIFIED LCR 
     
 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
     December 31, 2018 
   
 
     
   
 
   HQLA (a) 
    
 $ 
 21,469 
   
 
   Net Outflows 
    
   
 17,449 
   
 
   LCR 
    
   
 123% 
   
 
   HQLA in Excess of Net
Outflows (a) 
    
 $ 
 4,020 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Average HQLA shown after application of applicable haircuts and limits on Level 2 liquid assets.
 
   
  On June 1, 2016, the U.S. banking agencies published a notice of proposed rulemaking to
implement a modified NSFR for certain bank holding companies with at least $50 billion but less than $250 billion in total consolidated assets and with less than $10 billion in  on-balance  sheet
foreign exposures, including the Bancorp. Generally consistent with the BCBS’ framework, under the proposed rule banking organizations would be required to hold an amount of ASF over a  one-year  time
horizon that equals or exceeds the institution’s amount of RSF, with the ASF representing the numerator and the RSF representing the denominator of the NSFR. Banking organizations subject to the modified NSFR would multiply the RSF amount by
70%, such that the RSF amount required for these institutions would be equivalent to 70% of the RSF amount that would be required pursuant to the full NSFR generally applicable to institutions with at least $250 billion in total consolidated
assets or $10 billion or more in  on-balance  sheet foreign exposures under the proposed rule. The comment period for this proposal ended on August 5, 2016.  
 On October 31, 2018, the Board of Governors of the FRB released a series of regulatory proposals to implement the
Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (“Reform Act”). Among the proposals, the Board of Governors, joined by the Department of Treasury, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation proposed to remove the application of the LCR regulations and the NSFR from certain BHCs that qualify under the proposal as “Category IV”
 

  
institutions, primarily those BHCs with consolidated assets between $100 billion and $250 billion, including Fifth Third Bancorp.  
 The NPR’s public comment period ended January 22, 2019 and could be further amended by the FRB and other financial
regulators prior to adoption. As such, the ultimate impacts of the NPR to Fifth Third Bancorp, Fifth Third Bank and their respective subsidiaries and activities will be subject to the final form of these NPRs and additional rulemakings issued. Fifth
Third cannot predict future changes in the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory agency policies, yet such changes may have a material effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.  
 Credit Ratings    The cost and
availability of financing to the Bancorp and Bank are impacted by its credit ratings. A downgrade to the Bancorp’s or Bank’s credit ratings could affect its ability to access the credit markets and increase its borrowing costs, thereby
adversely impacting the Bancorp’s or Bank’s financial condition and liquidity. Key factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong credit quality, strong capital ratios and diverse funding
sources, in addition to disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures.    The Bancorp’s and Bank’s credit ratings
are summarized in Table 65. The ratings reflect the ratings agency’s view on the Bancorp’s and Bank’s capacity to meet financial commitments.*
   

      98  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  * As an investor, you should be aware that a security rating is not a recommendation to buy,
sell or hold securities, that it may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Additional
 

  
information on the credit rating ranking within the overall classification system is located on the website of each credit rating agency.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 65: AGENCY RATINGS 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of March 1, 2019 
    
 Moody’s 
   
    
 Standard and Poor’s 
   
    
 Fitch 
   
    
 DBRS 
   
 
     
   
 
   Fifth Third Bancorp: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
         No rating         
   
    
   
 A-2 
   
    
   
 F1 
   
    
   
 R-1L 
   
 
   Senior debt 
    
   
 Baa1 
   
    
   
 BBB+ 
   
    
   
 A- 
   
    
   
 A 
   
 
   Subordinated debt 
    
   
 Baa1 
   
    
   
 BBB 
   
    
   
 BBB+ 
   
    
   
 AL 
   
 
   Fifth Third Bank: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 P-2 
   
    
   
 A-2 
   
    
   
 F1 
   
    
   
 R-1M 
   
 
   Short-term deposit 
    
   
 P-1 
   
    
   
         No rating         
   
    
   
 F1 
   
    
   
         No rating         
   
 
   Long-term deposit 
    
   
 Aa3 
   
    
   
 A- 
   
    
   
 A 
   
    
   
 AH 
   
 
   Senior debt 
    
   
 A3 
   
    
   
 A- 
   
    
   
 A- 
   
    
   
 AH 
   
 
   Subordinated debt 
    
   
 Baa1 
   
    
   
 BBB+ 
   
    
   
 BBB+ 
   
    
   
 A 
   
 
   Rating Agency Outlook for Fifth Third Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank: 
    
   
 Stable 
   
    
   
 Stable 
   
    
   
         Stable         
   
    
   
 Stable 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT  
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems or due to external events that are neither
market nor credit-related. Operational risk is inherent in the Bancorp’s activities and can manifest itself in various ways including fraudulent acts, business interruptions, inappropriate behavior of employees, unintentional failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations, cyber-security incidents and privacy breaches or failure of vendors to perform in accordance with their arrangements. These events could result in financial losses, litigation and regulatory fines, as well as
other damage to the Bancorp. The Bancorp’s risk management goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels consistent with the Bancorp’s risk appetite, financial strength, the characteristics of its businesses, the markets in which
it operates and the competitive and regulatory environment to which it is subject.    To control, monitor and govern
operational risk, the Bancorp maintains an overall Risk Management Framework which comprises governance oversight, risk assessment, capital measurement, monitoring and reporting as well as a formal three lines of defense approach. ERM is responsible
for prescribing the framework to the lines of business and corporate functions and providing independent oversight of its implementation (second line of defense). Business Controls groups are in place in each of the lines of business to ensure
consistent implementation and execution of managing  day-to-day  operational risk (first line of defense).  
 The Bancorp’s risk management framework consists of five integrated components, including identifying, assessing,
managing, monitoring and independent governance reporting of risk. The corporate Operational Risk Management function within Enterprise Risk is responsible for developing and overseeing the implementation of the Bancorp’s approach to managing
operational risk. This includes providing governance, awareness and training, tools, guidance and oversight to support implementation of key risk programs and systems as they relate to operational risk management, such as risk and control
self-assessments, new product/initiative risk reviews, key risk indicators, Vendor Risk Management, cyber security risk management and review of
 

  
operational losses. The function is also responsible for developing reports that support the proactive management of operational risk across the enterprise. The lines of business and corporate
functions are responsible for managing the operational risks associated with their areas in accordance with the risk management framework. The framework is intended to enable the Bancorp to function with a sound and well-controlled operational
environment. These processes support the Bancorp’s goals to minimize future operational losses and strengthen the Bancorp’s performance by maintaining sufficient capital to absorb operational losses that are incurred.  
 The Bancorp also maintains a robust information security program to support the management of cyber security risk within the
organization with a focus on prevention, detection and recovery processes. Fifth Third utilizes a wide array of techniques to secure its operations and proprietary information such as Board-approved policies and programs, network monitoring and
testing, access controls and dedicated security personnel. Fifth Third has adopted the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework for the management and deployment of cyber security controls and is an active participant
in the financial sector information sharing organization structure, known as the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center. To ensure resiliency of key Bancorp functions, Fifth Third also employs redundancy protocols that include a
robust business continuity function that works to mitigate any potential impacts to Fifth Third customers and its systems.  
 Fifth Third also focuses on the reporting and escalation of operational control issues to senior management and the Board of
Directors. The Operational Risk Committee is the key committee that oversees and supports Fifth Third in the management of operational risk across the enterprise. The Operational Risk Committee reports to the ERMC, which reports to the Risk and
Compliance Joint Committee of the Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank.    

   
  COMPLIANCE RISK MANAGEMENT  
 Regulatory compliance risk is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss or damage to reputation as a result of
noncompliance with (i) applicable laws, regulations, rules and other regulatory requirements (including but not limited to the risk of consumers experiencing economic loss or other legal harm as a result of noncompliance with consumer
protection laws, regulations and requirements); (ii) internal policies and procedures,
 

  
standards of best practice or codes of conduct; and (iii) principles of integrity and fair dealing applicable to Fifth Third’s activities and functions. Fifth Third focuses on managing
regulatory compliance risk in accordance with the Bancorp’s integrated risk management framework, which ensures consistent processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting risks. The Bancorp’s risk management goal
is to keep compliance risk at appropriate levels consistent with the Bancorp’s risk appetite.    

      99  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
 
  To mitigate compliance risk, Compliance Risk Management provides independent
oversight to ensure consistency and sufficiency in the execution of the program, and ensures that lines of business, regions and support functions are adequately identifying, assessing and monitoring compliance risks and adopting proper mitigation
strategies. The lines of business and enterprise functions are responsible for managing the compliance risks associated with their areas. Additionally, the Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing the Compliance Risk
Management program which implements key compliance processes, including but not limited to, executive- and board-level governance and reporting routines, compliance-related policies, risk assessments, key risk indicators, issues tracking, regulatory
compliance testing and monitoring, anti-money laundering, privacy and, in partnership with the Community and
 

  
Economic Development team, oversees the Bancorp’s compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act.  
 Fifth Third also focuses on the reporting and escalation of compliance issues to senior management and the Board of
Directors. The Management Compliance Committee, which is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer, is the key committee that oversees and supports Fifth Third in the management of compliance risk across the enterprise. The Management Compliance
Committee oversees Fifth Third-wide compliance issues, industry best practices, legislative developments, regulatory concerns and other leading indicators of compliance risk. The Management Compliance Committee reports to the ERMC, which reports to
the Risk and Compliance Joint Committee of the Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank.    

   
  CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 Management regularly reviews the Bancorp’s capital levels to help ensure it is appropriately positioned under various operating
environments. The Bancorp has established a Capital Committee which is responsible for making capital plan recommendations to management. These recommendations are reviewed by the ERMC and the annual capital plan is approved by the Board of
Directors.
 

  
The Capital Committee is responsible for execution and oversight of the capital actions of the capital plan.  
 Regulatory Capital Ratios    The
Basel III Final Rule was effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2015 and set minimum regulatory capital ratios as well as defined the measure of “well-capitalized”.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 66: PRESCRIBED CAPITAL RATIOS 
 
     
 
 
    
   
 Minimum               
   
   
 Well-Capitalized                   
 
     
 
   CET1 capital 
    
   
 4.50   
 %  
   
 6.50           
 
   Tier I risk-based capital 
    
   
 6.00   
   
   
 8.00           
 
   Total risk-based capital 
    
   
 8.00   
   
   
 10.00           
 
   Tier I leverage 
    
   
 4.00   
   
   
 5.00           
 
     
 
   
  On January 1, 2016, the Bancorp became subject to a capital conservation buffer which will
be phased in over a three-year period ending January 1, 2019. Once fully  phased-in,  the capital conservation buffer will be 2.5% in addition to the minimum capital ratios, in order to avoid limitations on
certain capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The capital conservation buffer was 0.625% in 2016, 1.25% in 2017, and is 1.875% in 2018. The Bancorp exceeded these “well-capitalized” and “capital
conservation buffer” ratios for all periods presented.    In April 2018, the federal banking regulators proposed
transitional arrangements to permit banking organizations to phase in the  day-one  impact of the adoption of ASU  2016-13,  referred to as the current expected credit loss
model, on regulatory capital over a period of three years. For additional information on ASU  2016-13, 
 

  
refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bancorp is evaluating the impact of this proposal.  
 The Bancorp made a  one-time  permanent election to not include AOCI in regulatory
capital in the March 31, 2015 FFIEC 031 and FR  Y-9C  filings.    

      100  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table summarizes the Bancorp’s capital ratios as of December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 67: CAPITAL RATIOS 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
   
    
         2018     
    
      2017 
   
    
     2016  
   
    
     2015  
   
    
     2014  
   
 
     
   
 
   Average total Bancorp shareholders’ equity as a percent of average assets 
    
 
    
 11.23 % 
    
   
 11.69  
   
    
   
 11.57  
   
    
   
 11.24  
   
    
   
 11.53  
   
 
   Tangible equity as a percent of tangible
assets (a) 
    
 
    
 9.63      
    
   
 9.79  
   
    
   
 9.72  
   
    
   
 9.46  
   
    
   
 9.34  
   
 
   Tangible common equity as a percent of tangible assets (a)(d) 
    
 
    
 8.71      
    
   
 8.83  
   
    
   
 8.77  
   
    
   
 8.50  
   
    
   
 8.36  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
   Basel III (b)(e)  
   
    
 Basel I (c)(e) 
   
 
   CET1 capital 
    
   $ 
    
 12,534      
    
   
 12,517  
   
    
   
 12,426  
   
    
   
 11,917  
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Tier I capital 
    
 
    
 13,864      
    
   
 13,848  
   
    
   
 13,756  
   
    
   
 13,260  
   
    
   
 12,764  
   
 
   Total regulatory capital 
    
 
    
 17,723      
    
   
 17,887  
   
    
   
 17,972  
   
    
   
 17,134  
   
    
   
 16,895  
   
 
   Risk-weighted assets 
    
 
    
           122,432      
    
   
     117,997  
   
    
   
     119,632  
   
    
   
     121,290  
   
    
   
     117,878  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory capital ratios: 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   CET1 capital 
    
 
    
 10.24 % 
    
   
 10.61  
   
    
   
 10.39  
   
    
   
 9.82  
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Tier I risk-based capital 
    
 
    
 11.32      
    
   
 11.74  
   
    
   
 11.50  
   
    
   
 10.93  
   
    
   
 10.83  
   
 
   Total risk-based capital 
    
 
    
 14.48      
    
   
 15.16  
   
    
   
 15.02  
   
    
   
 14.13  
   
    
   
 14.33  
   
 
   Tier I leverage 
    
 
    
 9.72      
    
   
 10.01  
   
    
   
 9.90  
   
    
   
 9.54  
   
    
   
 9.66  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   These are  non-GAAP  measures. For further information, refer to the
 Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD&A.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Under the U.S. banking agencies’ Basel III Final Rule, assets and credit equivalent amounts of  off-balance  sheet exposures are calculated according to the standardized approach for risk-weighted assets. The resulting values are added together resulting in the Bancorp’s total risk-weighted assets. Under
the banking agencies’ Final Rule published in November 2017 pertaining to certain regulatory items for banks subject to the standardized approach, the Bancorp is no longer subject to certain transition provisions and phase-outs beyond 2017.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   These capital amounts and ratios were calculated under the Supervisory Agencies general risk-based capital
rules (Basel I) which were in effect prior to January 1, 2015.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Excludes unrealized gains and losses  
 
 
 (e) 
   The regulatory capital data and ratios have not been restated as a result of the Bancorp’s change in
accounting for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for  low-income  housing tax credits (LIHTC). Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
 
   
  Stress Tests and CCAR  
 In 2011 the FRB adopted the capital plan rule, which requires BHCs with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more to submit annual
capital plans to the FRB for review. Under the rule, these capital plans must include detailed descriptions of the following: the BHC’s internal processes for assessing capital adequacy; the policies governing capital actions such as common
stock issuances, dividends and share repurchases; and all planned capital actions over a nine-quarter planning horizon. Further, each BHC must also report to the FRB the results of stress tests conducted by the BHC under a number of scenarios that
assess the sources and uses of capital under baseline and stressed economic scenarios. The FRB launched the 2018 stress testing program and CCAR on February 1, 2018, with submissions of stress test results and capital plans to the FRB due on
April 5, 2018, which the Bancorp submitted as required.    As a CCAR institution, the Bancorp is required to disclose
the results of its  company-run  stress test under the supervisory adverse and supervisory severely adverse scenarios and to provide information related to the types of risk included in its stress testing, a
general description of the methodologies used, estimates of certain financial results and pro forma capital ratios, and an explanation of the most significant causes of changes in regulatory capital ratios. On June 21, 2018 the Bancorp publicly
disclosed the results of its  company-run  stress test as required by the DFA stress testing rules, which is available on Fifth Third’s website at  www.53.com . With Fifth Third’s designation as a
Large and  Non-complex  Bank, it is no longer subject to the qualitative aspects of the CCAR program. It is, however, subject to the FRB’s Horizontal Capital Review, which was conducted in the third quarter
of 2018. Refer to Note 3 and Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on the FRB’s review of the capital plan, the FRB’s  non-objection  to the Bancorp’s proposed
capital actions and the Bancorp’s capital actions taken in 2018.    On May 21, 2018, the Bancorp announced the
planned acquisition of MB Financial, Inc. As a result of this transaction, the FRB required the Bancorp to resubmit its CCAR plan recognizing the pro forma impact of the combined Fifth Third/MB Financial,
 

  
Inc. post-merger entity. On October 5, 2018, Fifth Third resubmitted its capital plan to the FRB. On December 27, 2018, the FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the
resubmitted capital plan. The resubmitted capital plan called for no change to the originally submitted total capital actions over the 2018 CCAR approval horizon (the third quarter of 2018 through the second quarter of 2019). However, the share
repurchase authority increased from $1.651 billion to $1.81 billion as a result of  after-tax  gains related to the sale of Worldpay, Inc. common stock.  
 In April 2018, the FRB proposed to introduce stress buffer requirements. Under the proposal, a SCB would replace the 2.5%
capital conservation buffer. The SCB would reflect stressed losses in the supervisory severely adverse scenario of the FRB’s CCAR stress tests plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends, subject to a floor of 2.5%. The proposal would
also introduce a SLB requirement, analogous to the SCB, that would apply to the Tier I leverage ratio. In addition, the proposal would require BHCs to reduce their planned capital distributions if those distributions would not be consistent with the
applicable capital buffer constraints based on the BHCs’ own baseline scenario projections. The proposal is applicable for BHCs with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including the Bancorp. Under the proposal, a BHC’s
first SCB and SLB requirements would become effective on October 1, 2019. The Bancorp is evaluating the impact of this proposal.    Dividend
Policy and Stock Repurchase Program    The Bancorp’s common stock dividend policy and stock repurchase program reflect its
earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, the need to maintain adequate capital levels, the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, the need to comply with safe and sound banking practices as well as meet regulatory requirements and
expectations. The Bancorp declared dividends per common share of $0.74 and $0.60 during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Bancorp entered into or settled a number of accelerated share repurchase and open market share
repurchase transactions during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. Refer to Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the accelerated share repurchases and open market share repurchase
transactions.    

      101  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  The following table summarizes shares authorized for repurchase as part of publicly
announced plans or programs:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 68: SHARE REPURCHASES 
     
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
     
   
 
   Shares authorized for repurchase at January 1 
    
   
 23,147,891  
   
    
   
 81,641,397  
   
 
   Additional authorizations (a) 

    
   
 87,383,525  
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Share repurchases (b) 
    
   
 (49,967,134) 
   
    
   
 (58,493,506 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Shares authorized for repurchase at December 31 
    
   
                 60,564,282  
   
    
   
                 23,147,891  
   
 
     
   
 
   Average price paid per
share (b) 
    
 $ 
 29.44  
   
    
   
 27.00  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   During the first quarter of 2018, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized
management to purchase 100 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock through the open market or in any private transactions. The authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date. This share repurchase
authorization replaces the Board’s previous authorization pursuant to which approximately 13 million shares remained available for repurchase by the Bancorp.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes  2,155,189  and 2,397,589 shares repurchased during the years ended
 December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively, in connection with various employee compensation plans. These purchases are not included in the calculation for average price paid per
share and do not count against the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the Board of Directors’ authorization.  
      102  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  OFF-BALANCE  SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  
  
 
  In the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into financial transactions that are
considered  off-balance  sheet arrangements as they involve varying elements of market, credit and liquidity risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
Bancorp’s  off-balance  sheet arrangements include commitments, guarantees, contingent liabilities and transactions with  non-consolidated  VIEs. A brief discussion of
these transactions is as follows:    Commitments  
 The Bancorp has certain commitments to make future payments under contracts, including commitments to extend credit, letters of credit,
forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale, noncancelable operating lease obligations, purchase obligations, capital expenditures, capital commitments for private equity investments and capital lease obligations. Refer to
Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on commitments.
 
  Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities  
 The Bancorp has performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events provided in certain contractual arrangements, including
residential mortgage loans sold with representation and warranty provisions or credit recourse. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on guarantees and contingent liabilities.  
 Transactions with  Non-consolidated  VIEs  
 The Bancorp engages in a variety of activities that involve VIEs, which are legal entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their
activities, or the equity investors of the entities as a group lack any of the characteristics of a controlling interest. The investments in those entities in which the Bancorp was determined not to be the primary beneficiary but holds a variable
interest in the entity are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or other accounting standards as appropriate and not consolidated. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on  non-consolidated  VIEs.    

      103  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     
  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS  
  
 
  The Bancorp has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts.
The aggregate contractual obligations and commitments at December 31, 2018 are shown in Table 69. As of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp has unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate
 
  in future periods. Due to the uncertainty of the amounts to be ultimately paid as well as the
timing of such payments, all uncertain tax liabilities that have not been paid have been excluded from the following table. For further detail on the impact of income taxes, refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   TABLE 69: CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS 
     
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1-3 years 
   
    
 3-5 years 
   
    
 Greater than 5 years 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
     
   
 
   Contractually obligated payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Deposits with no stated
maturity (a)(b) 
    
 $ 
 101,918 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 101,918 
   
 
    Long-term debt (a)(c) 
    
   
 3,110 
   
    
   
 5,351 
   
    
   
 1,658 
   
    
   
 4,307 
   
    
   
 14,426 
   
 
    Time deposits (a)(d) 
    
   
 3,967 
   
    
   
 2,843 
   
    
   
 99 
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 6,917 
   
 
    Short-term
borrowings (a)(e) 
    
   
 2,498 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2,498 
   
 
    Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale (f) 
    
   
 926 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 926 
   
 
    Noncancelable operating lease
obligations (g) 
    
   
 86 
   
    
   
 147 
   
    
   
 114 
   
    
   
 256 
   
    
   
 603 
   
 
    Partnership investment
commitments (h) 
    
   
 175 
   
    
   
 135 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 40 
   
    
   
 376 
   
 
    Pension benefit
payments (i) 
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 32 
   
    
   
 32 
   
    
   
 70 
   
    
   
 151 
   
 
    Purchase obligations and capital expenditures (j) 
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 57 
   
    
   
 25 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 171 
   
 
    Capital lease obligations 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 20 
   
 
     
   
 
   Total contractually obligated payments due by period 
    
 $ 
         112,792 
   
    
   
 8,574 
   
    
   
 1,958 
   
    
   
 4,682 
   
    
   
 128,006 
   
 
     
   
 
   Other commitments by expiration period: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Commitments to extend
credit (k) 
    
 $ 
 26,922 
   
    
   
 13,061 
   
    
   
 22,658 
   
    
   
 7,806 
   
    
   
 70,447 
   
 
    Letters of credit (l) 
    
   
 1,044 
   
    
   
 472 
   
    
   
 517 
   
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 2,041 
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other commitments by expiration period 
    
 $ 
 27,966 
   
    
   
 13,533 
   
    
   
 23,175 
   
    
   
 7,814 
   
    
   
 72,488 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Interest-bearing obligations are principally used to fund interest-earning assets. Interest charges on
contractual obligations were excluded from reported amounts, as the potential cash outflows would have corresponding cash inflows from interest-earning assets.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes demand, interest checking, savings, money market and foreign office deposits. For additional
information, refer to the Deposits subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes debt obligations with an original maturity of greater than one year. Refer to Note 15 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these debt instruments.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Includes other time deposits and certificates $100,000 and over. For additional information, refer to the
Deposits subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD&A.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Includes federal funds purchased and borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year. For
additional information, refer to Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on forward
contracts to sell residential mortgage loans.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Includes rental commitments.  
 
 
 (h) 
   Includes  low-income  housing and historic tax investments. For
additional information, refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
 
 (i) 
   Refer to Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on pension
obligations.  
 
 
 (j) 
   Represents agreements to purchase goods or services and includes commitments to various general
contractors for work related to banking center construction.  
 
 
 (k) 
   Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed expiration dates or other
termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. The total commitment amounts include capital commitments for private equity investments and do not necessarily
represent future cash flow requirements. For additional information, refer to Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
 
 (l) 
   Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third
party. For additional information, refer to Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
 This information is set forth in the Market Risk Management section of Item 7 of this Report on pages 93-97 and is incorporated herein by
reference.    ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
      104  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp:  
 Opinion on the Financial Statements  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Bancorp as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting.  
 Change in Accounting Principle  
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, effective October 1, 2018, the Bancorp elected to change its accounting for
qualifying  Low-Income  Housing Tax Credit investments from the equity method to the proportional amortization method, resulting in retrospective adjustments to reflect the accounting change within the 2018
financial statements and to adjust the originally reported amounts for the 2017 and 2016 financial statements.    Basis for Opinion
   These financial statements are the responsibility of the Bancorp’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Bancorp’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Bancorp in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP  
 Cincinnati, Ohio  
 March 1, 2019    We have
served as the Bancorp’s auditor since 1970.  
      105  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31 ($ in millions, except share data) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 (i) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and due from banks 
    
 $ 
 2,681  
   
    
   
 2,514  
   
 
   Other short-term
investments (a) 
    
   
 1,825  
   
    
   
 2,753  
   
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities (b) 
    
   
 32,830  
   
    
   
 31,751  
   
 
   Held-to-maturity 
securities (c) 
    
   
 18  
   
    
   
 24  
   
 
   Trading debt securities 
    
   
 287  
   
    
   
 492  
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 452  
   
    
   
 439  
   
 
   Loans and leases held for
sale (d) 
    
   
 607  
   
    
   
 492  
   
 
   Portfolio loans and
leases (a)(e) 
    
   
 95,265  
   
    
   
 91,970  
   
 
   Allowance for loan and lease
losses (a) 
    
   
 (1,103) 
   
    
   
 (1,196) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Portfolio loans and leases, net 
    
   
 94,162  
   
    
   
 90,774  
   
 
   Bank premises and
equipment (f) 
    
   
 1,861  
   
    
   
 2,003  
   
 
   Operating lease equipment 
    
   
 518  
   
    
   
 646  
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 2,478  
   
    
   
 2,445  
   
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 40  
   
    
   
 27  
   
 
   Servicing rights 
    
   
 938  
   
    
   
 858  
   
 
   Other assets (a)(i) 
    
   
 7,372  
   
    
   
 6,863  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
                   146,069  
   
    
   
                 142,081  
   
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deposits: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Noninterest-bearing deposits 
    
 $ 
 32,116  
   
    
   
 35,276  
   
 
   Interest-bearing deposits 
    
   
 76,719  
   
    
   
 67,886  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total deposits 
    
   
 108,835  
   
    
   
 103,162  
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
   
 1,925  
   
    
   
 174  
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 573  
   
    
   
 4,012  
   
 
   Accrued taxes, interest and
expenses (i) 
    
   
 1,562  
   
    
   
 1,465  
   
 
   Other liabilities (a) 
    
   
 2,498  
   
    
   
 2,144  
   
 
   Long-term debt (a) 
    
   
 14,426  
   
    
   
 14,904  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 129,819  
   
    
   
 125,861  
   
 
     
   
 
   Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stock (g) 
    
 $ 
 2,051  
   
    
   
 2,051  
   
 
   Preferred stock (h) 
    
   
 1,331  
   
    
   
 1,331  
   
 
   Capital surplus 
    
   
 2,873  
   
    
   
 2,790  
   
 
   Retained earnings (i) 
    
   
 16,578  
   
    
   
 14,957  
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
   
 (112) 
   
    
   
 73  
   
 
   Treasury stock (g) 
    
   
 (6,471) 
   
    
   
 (5,002) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Bancorp shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 16,250  
   
    
   
 16,200  
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 20  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
    
   
 16,250  
   
    
   
 16,220  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
    
 $ 
 146,069  
   
    
   
 142,081  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes  $40  and $62 of other short-term investments,  $668  and
$1,297 of portfolio loans and leases,  $(4)  and $(6) of ALLL,  $5  and $7 of other assets,  $1  and $2 of other liabilities and  $606  and $1,190 of long-term debt from
consolidated VIEs that are included in their respective captions above at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively. For further information, refer to Note 10.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Amortized cost of  $33,128  and $31,577 at
 December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Fair value of  $18  and $24 at
 December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Includes  $537  and $399 of residential mortgage loans held for sale measured at fair
value and  $7  and $0 of commercial loans held for sale measured at fair value at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Includes  $179  and $137   of residential mortgage loans measured at
fair value at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Includes  $42  and $27 of bank premises and equipment held for sale at
 December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively. For further information refer to Note 7.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Common shares: Stated value $2.22 per share; authorized 2,000,000,000; outstanding at 
 December  31, 2018  – 646,630,857  (excludes  277,261,724  treasury shares),   2017 – 693,804,893
(excludes 230,087,688 treasury shares).  
 
 
 (h) 
   446,000  shares of undesignated no par value preferred stock are authorized and
unissued at  December  31, 2018  and 2017;  fixed-to-floating  rate
 non-cumulative  Series H perpetual preferred stock with a $25,000 liquidation preference:  24,000  authorized shares,   issued and outstanding at 
December  31, 2018  and 2017;  fixed-to-floating  rate  non-cumulative 
Series I perpetual preferred stock with a $25,000 liquidation preference:  18,000  authorized shares, issued and outstanding at  December  31, 2018  and 2017; and  fixed-to-floating  rate  non-cumulative  Series J perpetual preferred stock with a $25,000 liquidation preference:
 12,000  authorized shares, issued and outstanding at  December  31, 2018  and 2017.     
 
 
 (i) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  
 Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      106  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except share data) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 (a)        
   
    
 2016 (a)        
   
 
     
   
 
   Interest Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest and fees on loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 4,078 
   
   
   
 3,478 
   
    
   
 3,233  
   
 
   Interest on securities 
    
   
 1,080 
   
   
   
 996 
   
    
   
 952  
   
 
   Interest on other short-term investments 
    
   
 25 
   
   
   
 15 
   
    
   
 8  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total interest income 
    
   
 5,183 
   
   
   
 4,489 
   
    
   
 4,193  
   
 
   Interest Expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest on deposits 
    
   
 538 
   
   
   
 277 
   
    
   
 205  
   
 
   Interest on federal funds purchased 
    
   
 30 
   
   
   
 6 
   
    
   
 2  
   
 
   Interest on other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 29 
   
   
   
 30 
   
    
   
 10  
   
 
   Interest on long-term debt 
    
   
 446 
   
   
   
 378 
   
    
   
 361  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total interest expense 
    
   
 1,043 
   
   
   
 691 
   
    
   
 578  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Interest Income 
    
   
 4,140 
   
   
   
 3,798 
   
    
   
 3,615  
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 237 
   
   
   
 261 
   
    
   
 343  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 
    
   
 3,903 
   
   
   
 3,537 
   
    
   
 3,272  
   
 
   Noninterest Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
   
 549 
   
   
   
 554 
   
    
   
 558  
   
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 444 
   
   
   
 419 
   
    
   
 404  
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 438 
   
   
   
 353 
   
    
   
 432  
   
 
   Card and processing revenue 
    
   
 329 
   
   
   
 313 
   
    
   
 319  
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
   
 212 
   
   
   
 224 
   
    
   
 285  
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 887 
   
   
   
 1,357 
   
    
   
 688  
   
 
   Securities (losses) gains, net 
    
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 10  
   
 
   Securities (losses) gains, net -  non-qualifying  hedges on
mortgage servicing rights 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 2,790 
   
   
   
 3,224 
   
    
   
 2,696  
   
 
   Noninterest Expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Salaries, wages and incentives 
    
   
 1,783 
   
   
   
 1,633 
   
    
   
 1,612  
   
 
   Employee benefits 
    
   
 332 
   
   
   
 356 
   
    
   
 339  
   
 
   Net occupancy expense 
    
   
 292 
   
   
   
 295 
   
    
   
 299  
   
 
   Technology and communications 
    
   
 285 
   
   
   
 245 
   
    
   
 234  
   
 
   Card and processing expense 
    
   
 123 
   
   
   
 129 
   
    
   
 132  
   
 
   Equipment expense 
    
   
 123 
   
   
   
 117 
   
    
   
 118  
   
 
   Other noninterest expense (a) 

    
   
 990 
   
   
   
 1,007 
   
    
   
 1,026  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 3,928 
   
   
   
 3,782 
   
    
   
 3,760  
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Before Income Taxes 
    
   
 2,765 
   
   
   
 2,979 
   
    
   
 2,208  
   
 
   Applicable income tax
expense (a) 
    
   
 572 
   
   
   
 799 
   
    
   
 665  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 2,193 
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
    
   
 1,543  
   
 
   Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to Bancorp 
    
   
 2,193 
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
    
   
 1,547  
   
 
   Dividends on preferred stock 
    
   
 75 
   
   
   
 75 
   
    
   
 75  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 
    
 $ 
 2,118 
   
   
   
 2,105 
   
    
   
 1,472  
   
 
     
   
 
   Earnings per share -
basic (a) 
    
 $ 
 3.11 
   
   
   
 2.86 
   
    
   
 1.92  
   
 
   Earnings per share -
diluted (a) 
    
 $ 
 3.06 
   
   
   
 2.81 
   
    
   
 1.91  
   
 
     
   
 
   Average common shares outstanding - basic 
    
   
 673,346,168 
   
   
   
 728,289,200 
   
    
   
 757,432,291  
   
 
   Average common shares outstanding - diluted 
    
   
               685,488,498 
   
   
   
       740,691,433 
   
    
   
       764,495,353  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  
 Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      107  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
       2018 
   
   
 2017 (a) 
   
   
 2016 (a) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Net
Income (a) 
    
 $ 
 2,193 
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
   
   
 1,543  
   
 
   Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Net of Tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized (losses) gains on
 available-for-sale  debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the year 
    
   
 (371 
 )  
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 (130) 
   
 
   Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) included in net income 
    
   
 9 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 (7) 
   
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the year 
    
   
 169 
   
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 19  
   
 
   Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) included in net income 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (31) 
   
 
   Defined benefit pension plans, net: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during the year 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (1) 
   
 
   Reclassification of amounts to net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 7 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 12  
   
 
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
    
   
 (183 
 )  
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 (138 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 2,010 
   
   
   
 2,194 
   
   
   
 1,405  
   
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (4) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Bancorp 
    
 $ 
                   2,010 
   
   
   
             2,194 
   
   
   
             1,409  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  
 Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      108  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 Bancorp Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 ($ in millions, except per share data) 
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Preferred Stock 
   
   
 Capital Surplus 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Total Bancorp Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests 
   
   
 Total     Equity     
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
 $ 
           2,051 
   
   
   
     1,331 
   
   
   
     2,666 
   
   
   
 12,358 
   
   
   
 197 
   
   
   
 (2,764 
 )  
   
   
 15,839 
   
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
 15,870  
   
 
   Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (d) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (134 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (134 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (134) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance at January 1, 2016 
   
   
 2,051 
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,666 
   
   
   
 12,224 
   
   
   
 197 
   
   
   
 (2,764 
 )  
   
   
 15,705 
   
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
 15,736  
   
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,547 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,547 
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 1,543  
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (138) 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (405 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (405 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (405) 
   
 
   Preferred stock (b) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75) 
   
 
   Shares acquired for treasury 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (668 
 )  
   
   
 (661 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (661) 
   
 
   Impact of stock transactions under stock compensation plans, net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 83 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 80 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 80  
   
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1  
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
 $ 
 2,051 
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,756 
   
   
   
 13,290 
   
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
 (3,433 
 )  
   
   
 16,054 
   
   
   
 27 
   
   
   
 16,081  
   
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,180 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,180 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,180  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14  
   
 
   Cash dividends declared: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (436 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (436 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (436) 
   
 
   Preferred stock (b) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75) 
   
 
   Shares acquired for treasury 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,588 
 )  
   
   
 (1,605 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,605) 
   
 
   Impact of stock transactions under stock compensation plans, net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 51 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 67 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 67  
   
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (6) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
 $ 
 2,051 
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,790 
   
   
   
 14,957 
   
   
   
 73 
   
   
   
 (5,002 
 )  
   
   
 16,200 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 16,220  
   
 
   Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principles (c) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4  
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance at January 1, 2018 
   
   
 2,051 
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,790 
   
   
   
 14,963 
   
   
   
 71 
   
   
   
 (5,002 
 )  
   
   
 16,204 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 16,224  
   
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,193 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,193 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,193  
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (183 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (183 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (183) 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (499 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (499 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (499) 
   
 
   Preferred stock (b) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (75) 
   
 
   Shares acquired for treasury 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,494 
 )  
   
   
 (1,453 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,453) 
   
 
   Impact of stock transactions under stock compensation plans, net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 42 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23 
   
   
   
 65 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 65  
   
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (22) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 $ 
 2,051 
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,873 
   
   
   
 16,578 
   
   
   
 (112 
 )  
   
   
 (6,471 
 )  
   
   
 16,250 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 16,250  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   For the years ended  December  31, 2018 ,
2017 and 2016, dividends declared per common share were  $ 0.74 , $0.60 and $0.53, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   For the years ended  December  31, 2018 ,
2017 and 2016, dividends were  $ 1,275.00  per preferred share for Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series H,  $ 1,656.24  per share for Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series I and
 $ 1,225.00  per preferred share for Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series J.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Related to the adoption as of January 1, 2018 of ASU  2016-01, 
ASU  2017-12  and ASU  2018-02.  Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  
 Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      109  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 (a) 
   
   
 2016 (a) 
 
     
 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,193 
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
   
 1,543  
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 237 
   
   
   
 261 
   
   
 343  
 
   Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
    
   
 360 
   
   
   
 341 
   
   
 453  
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 127 
   
   
   
 118 
   
   
 111  
 
   Provision for (benefit from) deferred income taxes 
    
   
 30 
   
   
   
 (252 
 )  
   
 (141) 
 
   Securities losses (gains), net 
    
   
 54 
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 (7) 
 
   Securities losses (gains),
 net-non-qualifying  hedges on mortgage servicing rights 
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 -  
 
   MSR fair value adjustment 
    
   
 83 
   
   
   
 122 
   
   
 -  
 
   Recovery of MSR impairment 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
 (7) 
 
   Net gains on sales of loans and fair value adjustments on loans held for sale 
    
   
 (71 
 )  
   
   
 (108 
 )  
   
 (101) 
 
   Net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 43 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
 13  
 
   Gains on sales of certain retail branch operations 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
 (19) 
 
   Net (gains) losses on disposition and impairment of operating lease equipment 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 39 
   
   
 9  
 
   Gain related to Vantiv, Inc.‘s acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. 
    
   
 (414 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
 -  
 
   Gain on sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares 
    
   
 (205 
 )  
   
   
 (1,037 
 )  
   
 -  
 
   Gain on the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc. 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
 (197) 
 
   Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale 
    
   
 5,199 
   
   
   
 6,453 
   
   
 6,895  
 
   Loans originated or purchased for sale, net of repayments 
    
   
 (5,378 
 )  
   
   
 (6,054 
 )  
   
 (7,014) 
 
   Dividends representing return on equity investments 
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 46 
   
   
 28  
 
   Net change in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Trading and equity securities 
    
   
 132 
   
   
   
 (442 
 )  
   
 (23) 
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 303 
   
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
 338  
 
   Accrued taxes, interest and expenses 
    
   
 147 
   
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
 (157) 
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 22 
   
   
 24  
 
     
 
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
   
 2,856 
   
   
   
 1,480 
   
   
 2,091  
 
     
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities 
    
   
 12,430 
   
   
   
 12,637 
   
   
 18,280  
 
   Loans and leases 
    
   
 305 
   
   
   
 164 
   
   
 360  
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 57 
   
   
   
 40 
   
   
 82  
 
   Proceeds from repayments / maturities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities 
    
   
 1,845 
   
   
   
 2,331 
   
   
 3,776  
 
   Held-to-maturity 
securities 
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
 44  
 
   Purchases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities 
    
   
 (16,207 
 )  
   
   
 (15,295 
 )  
   
 (24,636) 
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 (192 
 )  
   
   
 (200 
 )  
   
 (186) 
 
   MSRs 
    
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 (109 
 )  
   
 -  
 
   Proceeds from settlement of BOLI 
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
 23  
 
   Proceeds from sales and dividends representing return of equity investments 
    
   
 604 
   
   
   
 1,363 
   
   
 64  
 
   Net cash paid on sales of certain retail branch operations 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
 (219) 
 
   Net cash paid on acquisitions 
    
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
 -  
 
   Net change in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
   
 928 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (83) 
 
   Loans and leases 
    
   
 (3,866 
 )  
   
   
 (446 
 )  
   
 (243) 
 
   Operating lease equipment 
    
   
 58 
   
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
 (126) 
 
     
 
   Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities 
    
   
 (4,141 
 )  
   
   
 428 
   
   
 (2,864) 
 
     
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Net change in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 5,673 
   
   
   
 (659 
 )  
   
 1,146  
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
   
 1,751 
   
   
   
 42 
   
   
 (19) 
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (3,439 
 )  
   
   
 477 
   
   
 2,028  
 
   Dividends paid on common stock 
    
   
 (467 
 )  
   
   
 (430 
 )  
   
 (402) 
 
   Dividends paid on preferred stock 
    
   
 (98 
 )  
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
 (52) 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 2,438 
   
   
   
 2,490 
   
   
 3,735  
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
    
   
 (2,884 
 )  
   
   
 (1,969 
 )  
   
 (5,119) 
 
   Repurchases of treasury stock and related forward contracts 
    
   
 (1,453 
 )  
   
   
 (1,605 
 )  
   
 (661) 
 
   Other 
    
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
 (31) 
 
     
 
   Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
    
   
 1,452 
   
   
   
 (1,786 
 )  
   
 625  
 
     
 
   Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Due from Banks 
    
   
 167 
   
   
   
 122 
   
   
 (148) 
 
   Cash and Due from Banks at Beginning of Period 
    
   
 2,514 
   
   
   
 2,392 
   
   
 2,540  
 
     
 
   Cash and Due from Banks at End of Period 
    
 $ 
                       2,681 
   
   
   
                     2,514 
   
   
                     2,392  
 
     
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its accounting
policy for investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC in accordance with ASU  2014-01.  Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  
 Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Note 2 contains cash payments related to interest and income taxes in addition to  non-cash  investing and financing activities.  
      110  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES  
  
 
  Nature of Operations  
 Fifth Third Bancorp, an Ohio corporation, conducts its principal lending, deposit gathering, transaction processing and service advisory
activities through its banking and  non-banking  subsidiaries from banking centers located throughout the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States.  
 Basis of Presentation    The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Bancorp and its majority-owned subsidiaries and VIEs in which the Bancorp has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which the
Bancorp has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee, but upon which the Bancorp does not possess control, are accounted for by the equity method of accounting and not consolidated. The
investments in those entities in which the Bancorp does not have the ability to exercise significant influence are generally carried at fair value unless the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value. The Bancorp accounts for equity
investments without a readily determinable fair value using the measurement alternative to fair value, representing the cost of the investment minus any impairment recorded, if any, and plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes
in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. Intercompany transactions and balances among consolidated entities have been eliminated. Certain prior period data has been reclassified to conform to current
period presentation.    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.    Cash and Due From Banks
   Cash and due from banks consist of currency and coin, cash items in the process of collection and due from banks. Currency and
coin includes both U.S. and foreign currency owned and held at Fifth Third offices and that is  in-transit  to the FRB. Cash items in the process of collection include checks and drafts that are drawn on another
depository institution or the FRB that are payable immediately upon presentation in the U.S. Balances due from banks include noninterest-bearing balances that are funds on deposit at other depository institutions or the FRB.  
 Investment Securities    Debt
securities are classified as  held-to-maturity,   available-for-sale  or trading on the date
of purchase. Only those securities which management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as  held-to-maturity  and reported at amortized cost.
Debt securities are classified as  available-for-sale  when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in market
conditions. Debt securities are classified as trading when bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term.  Available-for-sale  debt
securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of related deferred income taxes, included in OCI. Trading debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in noninterest income.  
 Available-for-sale  and  held-to-maturity  debt securities with unrealized losses are reviewed quarterly for possible OTTI. If the Bancorp intends to sell the debt security or will more likely than not
 

  
be required to sell the debt security before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis, then an OTTI has occurred. However, even if the Bancorp does not intend to sell the debt security and
will not likely be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its entire amortized cost basis, the Bancorp must evaluate expected cash flows to be received and determine if a credit loss has occurred. In the event of a credit loss, the
credit component of the impairment is recognized within noninterest income and the  non-credit  component is recognized through OCI.  
 Effective January 1, 2018, equity securities with readily determinable fair values not accounted for under the equity
method are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Prior to January 1, 2018, equity securities were classified as  available-for-sale  or trading on the date of purchase, and the accounting for unrealized gains and losses was the same as for debt securities classified as  available-for-sale  and trading. Equity securities were classified as trading when bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. For equity securities classified as  available-for-sale,  the Bancorp’s management evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position for OTTI on the basis of the duration of the decline in value of the
security and severity of that decline as well as the Bancorp’s intent and ability to hold these securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value. If it was determined that the impairment on an
equity security was other-than-temporary, an impairment loss equal to the difference between the amortized cost of the security and its fair value was recognized within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 The fair value of a security is determined based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair
value is determined based on quoted prices of similar instruments or DCF models that incorporate market inputs and assumptions including discount rates, prepayment speeds and loss rates. Realized securities gains or losses are reported within
noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.    Portfolio
Loans and Leases    Basis of accounting  
 Portfolio loans and leases are generally reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of unearned income, deferred direct loan
origination fees and costs and any direct principal charge-offs. Direct loan origination fees and costs are deferred and the net amount is amortized over the estimated life of the related loans as a yield adjustment. Interest income is recognized
based on the principal balance outstanding computed using the effective interest method.    Loans acquired by the Bancorp
through a purchase business combination are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The Bancorp does not carry over the acquired company’s ALLL, nor does the Bancorp add to its existing ALLL as part of purchase accounting.  
 Purchased loans are evaluated for evidence of credit deterioration at acquisition and recorded at their initial fair value.
For loans acquired with no evidence of credit deterioration, the fair value discount or premium is amortized over the contractual life of the loan as an adjustment to yield. For loans acquired with evidence of credit deterioration, the Bancorp
determines at the acquisition date the excess of the loan’s contractually required payments over all cash flows expected to be collected as an amount that should not be accreted into interest income (nonaccretable difference).
   

      111  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
The remaining amount representing the difference in the expected cash flows of acquired loans and the initial investment in the acquired loans is accreted into interest income over the remaining
life of the loan or pool of loans (accretable yield). Subsequent to the acquisition date, increases in expected cash flows over those expected at the acquisition date are recognized prospectively as interest income over the remaining life of the
loan. The present value of any decreases in expected cash flows resulting directly from a change in the contractual interest rate are recognized prospectively as a reduction of the accretable yield. The present value of any decreases in expected
cash flows after the acquisition date as a result of credit deterioration is recognized by recording an ALLL or a direct  charge-off.  Subsequent to the acquisition date, the methods utilized to estimate the
required ALLL are similar to originated loans. This method of accounting for loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality does not apply to loans carried at fair value, residential mortgage loans held for sale and loans under revolving credit
agreements.    The Bancorp’s lease portfolio consists of both direct financing and leveraged leases. Direct financing
leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments plus estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned income. Interest income on direct financing leases is recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant periodic rate
of return on the outstanding investment.    Leveraged leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments (less
nonrecourse debt payments) plus estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned income. Interest income on leveraged leases is recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant rate of return on the outstanding investment in
the lease, net of the related deferred income tax liability, in the years in which the net investment is positive.    Nonaccrual loans and leases
   When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, the accrual of interest, amortization of loan premium, accretion of loan discount and
amortization/accretion of deferred net direct loan origination fees or costs are discontinued and all previously accrued and unpaid interest is charged against income. Commercial loans are placed on nonaccrual status when there is a clear indication
that the borrower’s cash flows may not be sufficient to meet payments as they become due. Such loans are also placed on nonaccrual status when the principal or interest is past due 90 days or more, unless the loan is both well-secured and in
the process of collection. The Bancorp classifies residential mortgage loans that have principal and interest payments that have become past due 150 days as nonaccrual unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection.
Residential mortgage loans may stay on nonaccrual status for an extended time as the foreclosure process typically lasts longer than 180 days. Home equity loans and lines of credit are reported on nonaccrual status if principal or interest has been
in default for 90 days or more unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Home equity loans and lines of credit that have been in default for 60 days or more are also reported on nonaccrual status if the senior lien has
been in default 120 days or more, unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Residential mortgage, home equity, automobile and other consumer loans and leases that have been modified in a TDR and subsequently become past
due 90 days are placed on nonaccrual status unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. Commercial and credit card loans that have been modified in a TDR are classified as nonaccrual unless such loans have sustained
repayment performance of six months or more and are reasonably assured of repayment in accordance with the restructured terms. Well-secured loans are collateralized by perfected security interests in real and/or personal property for which the
Bancorp estimates proceeds from the sale would be
 

  
sufficient to recover the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance of the loan and pay all costs to sell the collateral. The Bancorp considers a loan in the process of collection if
collection efforts or legal action is proceeding and the Bancorp expects to collect funds sufficient to bring the loan current or recover the entire outstanding principal and accrued interest balance.  
 Nonaccrual commercial loans and nonaccrual credit card loans are generally accounted for on the cost recovery method. The
Bancorp believes the cost recovery method is appropriate for nonaccrual commercial loans and nonaccrual credit card loans because the assessment of collectability of the remaining recorded investment of these loans involves a high degree of
subjectivity and uncertainty due to the nature or absence of underlying collateral. Under the cost recovery method, any payments received are applied to reduce principal. Once the entire recorded investment is collected, additional payments received
are treated as recoveries of amounts previously  charged-off  until recovered in full, and any subsequent payments are treated as interest income. Nonaccrual residential mortgage loans and other nonaccrual
consumer loans are generally accounted for on the cash basis method. The Bancorp believes the cash basis method is appropriate for nonaccrual residential mortgage and other nonaccrual consumer loans because such loans have generally been written
down to estimated collateral values and the collectability of the remaining investment involves only an assessment of the fair value of the underlying collateral, which can be measured more objectively with a lesser degree of uncertainty than
assessments of typical commercial loan collateral. Under the cash basis method, interest income is recognized when cash is received, to the extent such income would have been accrued on the loan’s remaining balance at the contractual rate.
Nonaccrual loans may be returned to accrual status when all delinquent interest and principal payments become current in accordance with the loan agreement and are reasonably assured of repayment in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan
agreement, or when the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection.    Commercial loans on nonaccrual
status, including those modified in a TDR, as well as criticized commercial loans with aggregate borrower relationships exceeding $1 million, are subject to an individual review to identify charge-offs. The Bancorp does not have an established
delinquency threshold for partially or fully charging off commercial loans. Residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and lines of credit and credit card loans that have principal and interest payments that have become past due 180 days are
assessed for a  charge-off  to the ALLL, unless such loans are both well-secured and in the process of collection. Home equity loans and lines of credit are also assessed for
 charge-off  to the ALLL when such loans or lines of credit have become past due 120 days if the senior lien is also 120 days past due, unless such loans are both well-secured and in the process of collection.
Automobile and other consumer loans and leases that have principal and interest payments that have become past due 120 days are assessed for a  charge-off  to the ALLL, unless such loans are both well-secured
and in the process of collection.    Restructured loans and leases  
 A loan is accounted for as a TDR if the Bancorp, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower’s financial difficulties, grants a
concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. A TDR typically involves a modification of terms such as a reduction of the stated interest rate or remaining principal amount of the loan, a reduction of accrued interest or an
extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for a new loan with similar risk.
   

      112  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
The OCC, a national bank regulatory agency, has issued interpretive guidance that requires  non-reaffirmed  loans included in Chapter 7 bankruptcy filings to
be accounted for as nonperforming TDRs and collateral dependent loans regardless of their payment history and capacity to pay in the future. The Bancorp’s banking subsidiary is a state chartered bank which therefore is not subject to guidance
of the OCC. The Bancorp does not consider the bankruptcy court’s discharge of the borrower’s debt a concession when the discharged debt is not reaffirmed and as such, these loans are classified as TDRs only if one or more of the previously
mentioned concessions are granted.    The Bancorp measures the impairment loss of a TDR based on the difference between
the original loan’s carrying amount and the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the original, effective yield of the loan. Residential mortgage loans, home equity loans, automobile loans and other consumer loans modified
as part of a TDR are maintained on accrual status, provided there is reasonable assurance of repayment and of performance according to the modified terms based upon a current, well-documented credit evaluation. Commercial loans and credit card loans
modified as part of a TDR are maintained on accrual status provided there is a sustained payment history of six months or more prior to the modification in accordance with the modified terms and collectability is reasonably assured for all remaining
contractual payments under the modified terms. TDRs of commercial loans and credit cards that do not have a sustained payment history of six months or more in accordance with their modified terms remain on nonaccrual status until a six month payment
history is sustained. In certain cases, commercial TDRs on nonaccrual status may be accounted for using the cash basis method for income recognition, provided that full repayment of principal under the modified terms of the loan is reasonably
assured.    Impaired loans and leases  
 A loan is considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bancorp will be unable to collect
all amounts due (including both principal and interest) according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans generally consist of nonaccrual loans and leases, loans modified in a TDR and loans over $1 million that are
currently on accrual status and not yet modified in a TDR, but for which the Bancorp has determined that it is probable that it will grant a payment concession in the near term due to the borrower’s financial difficulties. For loans modified in
a TDR, the contractual terms of the loan agreement refer to the terms specified in the original loan agreement. A loan restructured in a TDR is no longer considered impaired in years after the restructuring if the restructuring agreement specifies a
rate equal to or greater than the rate the Bancorp was willing to accept at the time of the restructuring for a new loan with comparable risk and the loan is not impaired based on the terms specified by the restructuring agreement. Refer to the ALLL
section for discussion regarding the Bancorp’s methodology for identifying impaired loans and determination of the need for a loss accrual.  
 Loans and Leases Held for Sale  
 Loans and leases held for sale primarily represent conforming fixed-rate residential mortgage loans originated or acquired with the intent to
sell in the secondary market and jumbo residential mortgage loans, commercial loans, other residential mortgage loans and other consumer loans that management has the intent to sell. Loans and leases held for sale may be carried at the lower of cost
or fair value, or carried at fair value where the Bancorp has elected the fair value option of accounting under U.S. GAAP. The Bancorp has elected to measure certain groups of loans held for sale under the fair value option, including certain
residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale and certain purchased commercial loans designated as
 

  
held for sale at acquisition. For loans in which the Bancorp has not elected the fair value option, the lower of cost or fair value is determined at the individual loan level.  
 The fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale for which the fair value election has been made is estimated
based upon mortgage-backed securities prices and spreads to those prices or, for certain ARM loans, DCF models that may incorporate the anticipated portfolio composition, credit spreads of asset-backed securities with similar collateral and market
conditions. The anticipated portfolio composition includes the effects of interest rate spreads and discount rates due to loan characteristics such as the state in which the loan was originated, the loan amount and the ARM margin. These fair value
marks are recorded as a component of noninterest income in mortgage banking net revenue. The Bancorp generally has commitments to sell residential mortgage loans held for sale in the secondary market. Gains or losses on sales are recognized in
mortgage banking net revenue.    Management’s intent to sell residential mortgage loans classified as held for sale
may change over time due to such factors as changes in the overall liquidity in markets or changes in characteristics specific to certain loans held for sale. Consequently, these loans may be reclassified to loans held for investment and,
thereafter, reported within the Bancorp’s residential mortgage class of portfolio loans and leases. In such cases, the residential mortgage loans will continue to be measured at fair value, which is based on mortgage-backed securities prices,
interest rate risk and an internally developed credit component.    Loans and leases held for sale are placed on
nonaccrual status consistent with the Bancorp’s nonaccrual policy for portfolio loans and leases.    Other Real Estate Owned  
 OREO, which is included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, represents property acquired through foreclosure or other
proceedings and is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell. All OREO property is periodically evaluated for impairment and decreases in carrying value are recognized as reductions in other noninterest income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. For government-guaranteed mortgage loans, upon foreclosure, a separate other receivable is recognized if certain conditions are met for the amount of the loan balance (principal and interest) expected to be
recovered from the guarantor. This receivable is also included in other assets, separate from OREO, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    ALLL
   The Bancorp disaggregates its portfolio loans and leases into portfolio segments for purposes of determining the ALLL. The
Bancorp’s portfolio segments include commercial, residential mortgage and consumer. The Bancorp further disaggregates its portfolio segments into classes for purposes of monitoring and assessing credit quality based on certain risk
characteristics. Classes within the commercial portfolio segment include commercial and industrial, commercial mortgage owner-occupied, commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied, commercial construction and commercial leasing. The residential mortgage
portfolio segment is also considered a class. Classes within the consumer portfolio segment include home equity, automobile, credit card and other consumer loans. For an analysis of the Bancorp’s ALLL by portfolio segment and credit quality
information by class, refer to Note 6.    The Bancorp maintains the ALLL to absorb probable loan and lease losses inherent
in its portfolio segments. The ALLL is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the collectability and historical loss experience of loans and leases.
   

      113  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
Credit losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the ALLL. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit loss experience and such
factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve consideration under existing economic conditions in estimating probable credit losses. The Bancorp’s strategy for credit risk management includes a combination of conservative exposure limits
significantly below legal lending limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collections standards. The strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and quarterly
management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality.    The Bancorp’s
methodology for determining the ALLL is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on loans modified in a TDR and impaired commercial credits above specified thresholds and other qualitative adjustments. Allowances on
individual commercial loans, TDRs and historical loss rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and  charge-off 
experience. An unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring losses when evaluating allowances for pools of loans.  
 Larger commercial loans included within aggregate borrower relationship balances exceeding $1 million that exhibit
probable or observed credit weaknesses, as well as loans that have been modified in a TDR, are subject to individual review for impairment. The Bancorp considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of any guarantees, the guarantor’s
liquidity and willingness to cooperate, the loan structure and other factors when evaluating whether an individual loan is impaired. Other factors may include the industry and geographic region of the borrower, size and financial condition of the
borrower, cash flow and leverage of the borrower and the Bancorp’s evaluation of the borrower’s management. When individual loans are impaired, allowances are determined based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to
repay the loan given the availability of collateral and other sources of cash flow, as well as an evaluation of legal options available to the Bancorp. Allowances for impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash
flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, fair value of the underlying collateral or readily observable secondary market values. The Bancorp evaluates the collectability of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a
loss accrual.    Historical credit loss rates are applied to commercial loans that are not impaired or are impaired, but
smaller than the established threshold of $1 million and thus not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from migration analyses for several portfolio stratifications, which track the historical net  charge-off  experience sustained on loans according to their internal risk grade. The risk grading system utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories.  
 Homogenous loans and leases in the residential mortgage and consumer portfolio segments are not individually risk graded.
Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks and allowances are established based on the expected net charge-offs. Loss rates are based on the trailing twelve month net  charge-off  history by loan category. Historical loss rates may be adjusted for certain prescriptive and qualitative factors that, in management’s judgment, are necessary to reflect losses inherent in the
portfolio. The prescriptive loss rate factors include adjustments for delinquency trends, LTV trends, refreshed FICO score trends and product mix.  
 The Bancorp also considers qualitative factors in determining the ALLL. These include adjustments for changes in policies or
 

  
procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral
values and geographic concentrations. The Bancorp considers home price index trends in its footprint and the volatility of collateral valuation trends when determining the collateral value qualitative factor.  
 When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to regional geographic concentrations and the closely
associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers.    In the current year, the Bancorp
has not substantively changed any material aspect to its overall approach to determining its ALLL for any of its portfolio segments. There have been no material changes in criteria or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted
the determination of the current period ALLL for any of the Bancorp’s portfolio segments.    Reserve for Unfunded Commitments  
 The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses
related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of
historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and historical loss rates based on credit grade migration. This process takes into consideration the same risk elements that are analyzed in the determination of the adequacy of the
Bancorp’s ALLL, as previously discussed. Net adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 Loan Sales and Securitizations  
 The Bancorp periodically sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales in accordance with its investment policies. The
sold loans are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and a net gain or loss is recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements at the time of sale. The Bancorp typically isolates the loans through the use of a VIE and thus is required to
assess whether the entity holding the sold or securitized loans is a VIE and whether the Bancorp is the primary beneficiary and therefore consolidator of that VIE. If the Bancorp holds the power to direct activities most significant to the economic
performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE, then the Bancorp will generally be deemed the primary beneficiary of the VIE. If the Bancorp is determined
not to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE but holds a variable interest in the entity, such variable interests are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or other accounting standards as appropriate. Refer to Note 10 for further
information on consolidated and  non-consolidated  VIEs.    The Bancorp’s loan
sales and securitizations are generally structured with servicing retained, which often results in the recording of servicing rights. The Bancorp may also purchase servicing rights. Effective January 1, 2017, the Bancorp elected to
prospectively adopt the fair value method for all existing classes of its residential mortgage servicing rights portfolio. Upon this election, all servicing rights are measured at fair value at each reporting date and changes in the fair value of
servicing rights are reported in mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the period in which the changes occur. The election of the fair value method did not require a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings as there was no difference between the carrying value of the servicing rights, net of valuation allowance, and the fair value.
   

      114  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Servicing rights are valued using internal OAS models. Key economic
assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the servicing rights include the prepayment speeds of the underlying loans, the weighted-average life, the OAS spread and the weighted-average coupon rate, as applicable. The primary risk of material
changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions used, particularly the prepayment speeds. In order to assist in the assessment of the fair value of servicing rights, the Bancorp obtains
external valuations of the servicing rights portfolio from third parties and participates in peer surveys that provide additional confirmation of the reasonableness of the key assumptions utilized in the internal OAS model.  
 Prior to the election of the fair value method, servicing rights were initially recorded at fair value and subsequently
amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing revenue. Servicing rights were tested for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment recognized through a valuation allowance and
other-than-temporary impairment recognized through a  write-off  of the servicing asset and related valuation allowance. Amortization and provisions for impairment of servicing rights were recorded as a
component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    Fees received for servicing loans
owned by investors are based on a percentage of the outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income as loan payments are received. Costs of servicing loans are
charged to expense as incurred.    Reserve for Representation and Warranty Provisions  
 Conforming residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third parties are generally sold with representation and warranty provisions. A
contractual liability arises only in the event of a breach of these representations and warranties and, in general, only when a loss results from the breach. The Bancorp may be required to repurchase any previously sold loan or indemnify (make
whole) the investor or insurer for which the representation or warranty of the Bancorp proves to be inaccurate, incomplete or misleading. The Bancorp establishes a residential mortgage repurchase reserve related to various representations and
warranties that reflects management’s estimate of losses based on a combination of factors.    The Bancorp’s
estimation process requires management to make subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, such as future demand expectations, economic factors and the specific characteristics of the loans subject to repurchase.
Such factors incorporate historical investor audit and repurchase demand rates, appeals success rates, historical loss severity and any additional information obtained from the GSEs regarding future mortgage repurchase and file request criteria. At
the time of a loan sale, the Bancorp records a representation and warranty reserve at the estimated fair value of the Bancorp’s guarantee and continually updates the reserve during the life of the loan as losses in excess of the reserve become
probable and reasonably estimable. The provision for the estimated fair value of the representation and warranty guarantee arising from the loan sales is recorded as an adjustment to the gain on sale, which is included in other noninterest income at
the time of sale. Updates to the reserve are recorded in other noninterest expense.    Legal Contingencies  
 The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are parties to numerous claims and lawsuits as well as threatened or potential actions or claims concerning
matters arising from the conduct of its business activities. The outcome of claims or litigation and the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict and significant
 

  
judgment may be required in the determination of both the probability of loss and whether the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. The Bancorp’s estimates are subjective and are based
on the status of legal and regulatory proceedings, the merit of the Bancorp’s defenses and consultation with internal and external legal counsel. An accrual for a potential litigation loss is established when information related to the loss
contingency indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. This accrual is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is adjusted from time to time as appropriate to reflect
changes in circumstances. Legal expenses are recorded in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    Bank Premises and
Equipment and Other Long-Lived Assets    Bank premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are carried at cost less
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives of the assets for book purposes, while accelerated depreciation is used for income tax purposes. Amortization of
leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over the lives of the related leases or useful lives of the related assets, whichever is shorter. Whenever events or changes in circumstances dictate, the Bancorp tests its long-lived
assets for impairment by determining whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows attributable to a long-lived asset or asset group is less than the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group through a
probability-weighted approach. In the event the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, an impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds its
fair value. Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income as incurred.  
 Derivative Financial Instruments  
 The Bancorp accounts for its derivatives as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value through adjustments to AOCI and/or current
earnings, as appropriate. On the date the Bancorp enters into a derivative contract, the Bancorp designates the derivative instrument as either a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or as a free-standing derivative instrument. For a fair value hedge,
changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability attributable to the hedged risk are recorded in current period net income. For a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the
derivative instrument, to the extent that it is effective, are recorded in AOCI and subsequently reclassified to net income in the same period(s) that the hedged transaction impacts net income. For free-standing derivative instruments, changes in
fair values are reported in current period net income.    When entering into a hedge transaction, the Bancorp formally
documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction before the end of the quarter in which the transaction is consummated. This
process includes linking the derivative instrument designated as a fair value or cash flow hedge to a specific asset or liability on the balance sheet or to specific forecasted transactions and the risk being hedged, along with a formal assessment
at the inception of the hedge as to the effectiveness of the derivative instrument in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. The Bancorp continues to assess hedge effectiveness on an ongoing basis using a qualitative
assessment when appropriate.    

      115  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
A quantitative analysis of effectiveness may be performed either in place of or in addition to a qualitative assessment if deemed necessary. Effective January 1, 2018, in conjunction with
adoption of ASU  2017-12,  the Bancorp may also utilize the shortcut method to evaluate hedge effectiveness for certain qualifying hedges with matched terms that permit the assumption of perfect offset. If it is
determined that the derivative instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued.    Tax Receivable Agreements
   In conjunction with Vantiv, Inc.’s (now Worldpay, Inc.) IPO in 2012, the Bancorp entered into two TRAs with Worldpay, Inc.
The TRAs provide for payments by Worldpay, Inc. to the Bancorp of 85% of the cash savings actually realized as a result of the increase in tax basis that results from the historical or future purchase of equity in Vantiv Holding, LLC (now Worldpay
Holding, LLC) from the Bancorp or from the exchange of equity units in Worldpay Holding, LLC for cash or Class A Stock, as well as any tax benefits attributable to payments made under the TRA. Any actual increase in tax basis, as well as the
amount and timing of any payments made under the TRA depend on a number of uncertain factors, the most significant of which is the realization of the tax benefits by Worldpay, Inc., which depends on the amount and timing of Worldpay, Inc.’s
reportable taxable income. The Bancorp accounts for these TRAs as gain contingencies and recognizes income when all uncertainties surrounding the realization of such amounts are resolved.  
 Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects  
 The Bancorp invests in projects to create affordable housing, revitalize business and residential areas and preserve historic landmarks. These
investments are classified as other assets on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Investments in affordable housing projects that qualify for LIHTC are accounted for using the proportional amortization method. Under the proportional
amortization method, the initial cost of the investment is amortized in proportion to the tax credits and other benefits received and recognized as a component of applicable income tax expense (benefit) in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Investments which do not meet the qualification criteria for the proportional amortization method are accounted for using the equity method of accounting with impairment associated with the investments recognized in other noninterest expense in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.    Income Taxes  
 The Bancorp accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for expected future tax consequences. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by applying the federal and state tax rates to the differences between financial statement carrying amounts
and the corresponding tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are also recorded for any tax attributes, such as tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards. The net balances of deferred tax assets and liabilities are reported
in other assets and accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any effect of a change in federal or state tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes
the enactment date. The Bancorp reflects the expected amount of income tax to be paid or refunded during the year as current income tax expense or benefit. Accrued taxes represent the net expected amount due to and/or from taxing jurisdictions and
are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 
  The Bancorp evaluates the realization of deferred tax assets based on all
positive and negative evidence available at the balance sheet date. Realization of deferred tax assets is based on the Bancorp’s judgment about relevant factors affecting their realization, including the taxable income within any applicable
carryback periods, future projected taxable income, the reversal of taxable temporary differences and  tax-planning  strategies. The Bancorp records a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets where the
Bancorp does not believe that it is  more-likely-than-not  that the deferred tax assets will be realized.  
 Income tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized in the financial statements only if the Bancorp believes
that it is  more-likely-than-not  that the uncertain tax position will be sustained based solely on the technical merits of the tax position and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely
understood administrative practices and precedents. If the Bancorp does not believe that it is  more-likely-than-not  that an uncertain tax position will be sustained, the Bancorp records a liability for the
uncertain tax position. If the Bancorp believes that it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position will be sustained, the Bancorp only records a tax benefit for the portion of the uncertain tax position where the likelihood of
realization is greater than 50% upon settlement with the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The Bancorp recognizes interest expense, interest income and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
within current income tax expense. Refer to Note 19 for further discussion regarding income taxes.    Earnings Per Share  
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of
common stock outstanding during the period. Earnings per diluted share is computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding
during the period. Dilutive common stock equivalents represent the exercise of dilutive stock-based awards and the dilutive effect of the settlement of outstanding forward contracts.  
 The Bancorp calculates earnings per share pursuant to the  two-class  method. The  two-class  method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share separately for common stock and participating securities according to dividends declared and participation rights in
undistributed earnings. For purposes of calculating earnings per share under the  two-class  method, restricted shares that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends are considered participating securities
until vested. While the dividends declared per share on such restricted shares are the same as dividends declared per common share outstanding, the dividends recognized on such restricted shares may be less because dividends paid on restricted
shares that are expected to be forfeited are reclassified to compensation expense during the period when forfeiture is expected.    Goodwill
   Business combinations entered into by the Bancorp typically include the acquisition of goodwill. Goodwill is required to be
tested for impairment at the Bancorp’s reporting unit level on an annual basis, which for the Bancorp is September 30, and more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. The Bancorp has determined that
its business segments qualify as reporting units under U.S. GAAP.    Impairment exists when a reporting unit’s
carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. In testing goodwill for impairment, U.S. GAAP permits the Bancorp to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit
is less than its carrying amount.    

      116  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
In this qualitative assessment, the Bancorp evaluates events and circumstances which may include, but are not limited to, the general economic environment, banking industry and market conditions,
the overall financial performance of the Bancorp, the performance of the Bancorp’s common stock, the key financial performance metrics of the Bancorp’s reporting units and events affecting the reporting units. If, after assessing the
totality of events and circumstances, the Bancorp determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the  two-step  impairment
test would be unnecessary. However, if the Bancorp concludes otherwise or elects to bypass the qualitative assessment, it would then be required to perform the first step (Step 1) of the goodwill impairment test, and continue to the second step
(Step 2), if necessary. Step 1 of the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, Step 2 of the goodwill
impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.    The fair value of a reporting unit is
the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As none of the Bancorp’s reporting units are publicly traded, individual reporting unit fair value
determinations cannot be directly correlated to the Bancorp’s stock price. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, the Bancorp employs an income-based approach, utilizing the reporting unit’s forecasted cash flows (including a
terminal value approach to estimate cash flows beyond the final year of the forecast) and the reporting unit’s estimated cost of equity as the discount rate. Additionally, the Bancorp determines its market capitalization based on the average of
the closing price of the Bancorp’s stock during the month including the measurement date, incorporating an additional control premium, and compares this market-based fair value measurement to the aggregate fair value of the Bancorp’s
reporting units in order to corroborate the results of the income approach.    When required to perform Step 2, the
Bancorp compares the implied fair value of a reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss equal to that excess amount is recognized. A recognized
impairment loss cannot exceed the carrying amount of that goodwill and cannot be reversed in future periods even if the fair value of the reporting unit subsequently recovers.  
 During Step 2, the Bancorp determines the implied fair value of goodwill for a reporting unit by assigning the fair value of
the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the
amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This assignment process is only performed for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. The Bancorp does not adjust the carrying values of recognized assets or
liabilities (other than goodwill, if appropriate), nor does it recognize previously unrecognized intangible assets in the Consolidated Financial Statements as a result of this assignment process. Refer to Note 8 for further information regarding the
Bancorp’s goodwill.    Fair Value Measurements  
 The Bancorp measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
 

  
measurement date. The Bancorp employs various valuation approaches to measure fair value including the market, income and cost approaches. The market approach uses prices or relevant information
generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach involves discounting future amounts to a single present amount and is based on current market expectations about those future amounts. The
cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of the asset.  
 U.S. GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). A financial
instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument’s fair value measurement. The three levels within the fair value hierarchy are described as follows:
   Level  1  – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the Bancorp has the ability to access at the measurement date.    Level  2 
– Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted
prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
data by correlation or other means.    Level  3  – Unobservable inputs for the asset or
liability for which there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement date. Unobservable inputs reflect the Bancorp’s own assumptions about what market participants would use to price the asset or liability. The inputs are developed
based on the best information available in the circumstances, which might include the Bancorp’s own financial data such as internally developed pricing models and DCF methodologies, as well as instruments for which the fair value determination
requires significant management judgment.    The Bancorp’s fair value measurements involve various valuation
techniques and models, which involve inputs that are observable, when available. Valuation techniques and parameters used for measuring assets and liabilities are reviewed and validated by the Bancorp on a quarterly basis. Additionally, the Bancorp
monitors the fair values of significant assets and liabilities using a variety of methods including the evaluation of pricing runs and exception reports based on certain analytical criteria, comparison to previous trades and overall review and
assessments for reasonableness. The Bancorp may, as a practical expedient, measure the fair value of certain investments on the basis of the net asset value per share of the investment, or its equivalent. Any investments which are valued using this
practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 26 for further information on fair value measurements.  
 Stock-Based Compensation    The
Bancorp recognizes compensation expense for the grant-date fair value of stock-based awards that are expected to vest over the requisite service period. All awards, both those with cliff vesting and graded vesting, are expensed on a straight-line
basis. Awards to employees that meet eligible retirement status are expensed immediately.
   

      117  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
As compensation expense is recognized, a deferred tax asset is recorded that represents an estimate of the future tax deduction from exercise or release of restrictions. At the time awards are
exercised, cancelled, expire or restrictions are released, the Bancorp recognizes an adjustment to income tax expense for the difference between the previously estimated tax deduction and the actual tax deduction realized. For further information on
the Bancorp’s stock-based compensation plans, refer to Note 23.    Pension Plans  
 The Bancorp uses an expected long-term rate of return applied to the fair market value of assets as of the beginning of the year and the
expected cash flow during the year for calculating the expected investment return on all pension plan assets. Amortization of the net gain or loss resulting from experience different from that assumed and from changes in assumptions (excluding asset
gains and losses not yet reflected in market-related value) is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost. If, as of the beginning of the year, that net gain or loss exceeds 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the
market-related value of plan assets, the amortization is that excess divided by the average remaining service period of participating employees expected to receive benefits under the plan. The Bancorp uses a third-party actuary to compute the
remaining service period of participating employees. This period reflects expected turnover,  pre-retirement  mortality and other applicable employee demographics.  
 Revenue Recognition    The Bancorp
generally measures revenue based on the amount of consideration the Bancorp expects to be entitled for the transfer of goods or services to a customer, then recognizes this revenue when or as the Bancorp satisfies its performance obligations under
the contract, except in transactions where U.S. GAAP provides other applicable guidance. When the amount of consideration is variable, the Bancorp will only recognize revenue to the extent that it is probable that the cumulative amount recognized
will not be subject to a significant reversal in the future. Substantially all of the Bancorp’s contracts with customers have expected durations of one year or less and payments are typically due when or as the services are rendered or shortly
thereafter. When third parties are involved in providing goods or services to customers, the Bancorp recognizes revenue on a gross basis when it has control over those goods or services prior to transfer to the customer; otherwise, revenue is
recognized for the net amount of any fee or commission. The Bancorp excludes sales taxes from the recognition of revenue and recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense if the period of amortization for those costs would be
one year or less.    The Bancorp’s interest income is derived from loans and leases, securities and other short-term
investments. The Bancorp recognizes interest income in accordance with the applicable guidance in U.S. GAAP for these assets. Refer to the Portfolio Loans and Leases and Investment Securities sections of this footnote for further information. The
following provides additional information about the components of noninterest income:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Service charges on deposits consist primarily of treasury management fees for commercial clients, monthly
service charges on consumer deposit accounts, transaction-based fees (such as overdraft fees and wire transfer fees), and other deposit account-related charges. The Bancorp’s performance obligations for treasury management fees and consumer
deposit account service charges are typically satisfied over time while performance obligations for transaction-based fees are typically satisfied at a point in time. Revenues
 


 
 
   
   
   
are recognized on an accrual basis when or as the services are provided to the customer, net of applicable discounts, waivers and reversals. Payments are typically collected from customers
directly from the related deposit account at the time the transaction is processed and/or at the end of the customer’s statement cycle (typically monthly).  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Wealth and asset management revenue consists primarily of service fees for investment management, custody,
and trust administration services provided to commercial and consumer clients. The Bancorp’s performance obligations for these services are generally satisfied over time and revenues are recognized monthly based on the fee structure outlined in
individual contracts. Transaction prices are most commonly based on the market value of assets under management or care and/or a fee per transaction processed. The Bancorp offers certain services, like tax return preparation, for which the
performance obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized at a point in time, when the services are performed. Wealth and asset management revenue also includes trailing commissions received from investments and annuities held in customer
accounts, which are recognized in revenue when the Bancorp determines that it has satisfied its performance obligations and has sufficient information to estimate the amount of the commissions to which it expects to be entitled.
 
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Corporate banking revenue consists primarily of service fees and other income related to loans and leases to
commercial clients, underwriting revenue recognized by the Bancorp’s broker-dealer subsidiary and fees for other services provided to commercial clients. Revenue related to loans and leases is recognized in accordance with the Bancorp’s
policies for portfolio loans and leases. Underwriting revenue is generally recognized on the trade date, which is when the Bancorp’s performance obligations are satisfied.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Card and processing revenue consists primarily of ATM fees and interchange fees earned when the
Bancorp’s credit and debit cards are processed through card association networks. The Bancorp’s performance obligations are generally complete when the transactions generating the fees are processed. Revenue is recognized on an accrual
basis as such services are performed, net of certain costs not controlled by the Bancorp (primarily interchange fees charged by credit card associations and expenses of certain transaction-based rewards programs offered to customers). These costs
reduced card and processing revenue by approximately $127 million for the year ended December 31, 2018.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Mortgage banking net revenue consists primarily of origination fees and gains on loan sales, mortgage
servicing fees and the impact of MSRs. Refer to the Loans and Leases Held for Sale and Loan Sales and Securitizations sections of this footnote for further information.  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   Other noninterest income includes income from operating leases, certain fees derived from loans and leases,
BOLI income, gains and losses on other assets, and other miscellaneous revenues and gains.    

      118  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Other  
 Securities and other property held by Fifth Third Wealth and Asset Management, a division of the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary, in a
fiduciary or agency capacity are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets because such items are not assets of the subsidiaries.  
 The Bancorp purchases life insurance policies on the lives of certain directors, officers and employees and is the owner and
beneficiary of the policies. The Bancorp invests in these policies, known as BOLI, to provide an efficient form of funding for long-term retirement and other employee benefits costs. The Bancorp records these BOLI policies within other assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at each policy’s respective cash surrender value, with changes recorded in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 Intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles, customer relationships,
 non-compete  agreements, trade names and rent intangibles. Intangible assets are amortized on either a straight-line or an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The Bancorp reviews intangible
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable.  
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements are accounted for as secured borrowings and included in other short-term
borrowings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the amounts at which the securities were sold plus accrued interest.  
 Acquisitions of treasury stock are carried at cost. Reissuance of shares in treasury for acquisitions, exercises of
stock-based awards or other corporate purposes is recorded based on the specific identification method.    Advertising
costs are generally expensed as incurred.    ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING DEVELOPMENTS  
 Standards Adopted in 2018    The
Bancorp adopted the following new accounting standards effective January 1, 2018:    ASU  2014-09  –
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU  2014-09 
which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most contract revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle of
the amended guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU  2014-09,  the FASB issued additional guidance to clarify certain implementation issues, including ASUs  2016-08  (Principal
versus Agent Considerations),  2016-10  (Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing),  2016-12  (Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients), and  2016-20  (Technical Corrections and Improvements) in March, April, May and December 2016, respectively. These amendments did not change the core principles in ASU  2014-09  and
follow the same effective date and transition requirements. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2018, using a modified retrospective approach. Because the amended guidance does not apply to revenue associated with financial
instruments, including loans and securities that are accounted for under other U.S. GAAP, the adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. However, the Bancorp is subject
to expanded disclosure requirements and has updated its revenue recognition policies and procedures. While the Bancorp has concluded the following changes are not material to its Consolidated Financial Statements, upon adoption the Bancorp changed
its presentation of certain
 

  
underwriting expenses incurred by its broker-dealer subsidiary from net to gross presentation and also changed its presentation of certain credit card rewards program expenses from gross to net
presentation. Neither change impacts income before income taxes or net income.    ASU  2016-01  – Financial
Instruments—Overall (Subtopic  825-10):  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-01  which revises an entity’s accounting related to 1)
the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities, 2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value, and 3) certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of
financial instruments. The amendments require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income. However, an entity may choose to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes as a result of an observable price change. The amendments
also simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments for which fair value is not readily determinable by requiring an entity to perform a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. If qualitative indicators are identified, the entity
will be required to measure the investment at fair value. For financial liabilities that an entity has elected to measure at fair value, the amendments require an entity to present separately in OCI the portion of the change in fair value that
results from a change in instrument-specific credit risk. For public business entities, the amendments 1) eliminate the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value for financial instruments measured
at amortized cost and 2) require, for disclosure purposes, the use of an exit price notion in the determination of the fair value of financial instruments. In February 2018, the FASB also issued ASU  2018-03 
which makes technical corrections and improvements to the amendments in ASU  2016-01.  The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2018. As permitted, the Bancorp elected to early adopt ASU  2018-03  on January 1, 2018, concurrent with the adoption of ASU  2016-01.  The adoption did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. However,
equity securities affected by the amended guidance which were previously classified as trading or  available-for-sale  have been reclassified in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets as equity securities. For certain equity securities without a readily determinable fair value that are not accounted for using the equity method, the Bancorp has elected to use the permitted measurement alternative, which is to adjust the
cost basis of the investment upon either the occurrence of an observable price change or the identification of an impairment. For these securities, the amended guidance was applied prospectively to investments that existed on or after
January 1, 2018. The other portions of the amended guidance were applied on a modified retrospective basis.    ASU
 2016-04  – Liabilities—Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic  405-20):  Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-04  which permits proportional derecognition of the liability
for unused funds on certain prepaid stored-value products (known as breakage) to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the recognized breakage amount will not subsequently occur. The amendments do not apply to any prepaid
stored-value products that are attached to a segregated customer deposit account or products for which unused funds are subject to unclaimed property remittance laws.
   

      119  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2018 using a modified retrospective approach. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
   ASU  2016-15  – Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-15  to clarify the classification of certain
cash receipts and payments within an entity’s statement of cash flows. These items include debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of  zero-coupon  debt instruments, contingent consideration
payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of BOLI policies, distributions received from equity method investees, and beneficial interests in securitization
transactions. The amended guidance also specifies how to address classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash flows. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance retrospectively on January 1, 2018.
The adoption did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU  2016-16  –
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory    In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-16  which requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Previous U.S. GAAP prohibited the recognition of
current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2018 using a modified retrospective approach. The adoption did not
have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU  2017-01  – Business Combinations
(Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business    In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU
 2017-01  which clarifies the definition of a business in order to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amended
guidance provides a screen which states that when substantially all of the fair value of assets acquired (or disposed) is concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets, then the set of assets and activities would not be considered a
business. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance prospectively on January 1, 2018 and will apply this amended guidance to future transactions to determine if they should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.
   ASU  2017-05  – Other Income—Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets (Subtopic
 610-20):  Clarifying the Scope of Asset Derecognition Guidance and Accounting for Partial Sales of Nonfinancial Assets  
 In February 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-05  which clarifies the scope of Subtopic  610-20  and defines the term “in substance nonfinancial asset.” The amendments require that an entity should initially identify each distinct nonfinancial asset or in substance nonfinancial asset promised
to a counterparty and derecognize each asset when a counterparty obtains control of it. The amendments provide specific guidance on accounting for partial sales of nonfinancial assets, which require an entity to derecognize a distinct nonfinancial
asset or in substance nonfinancial asset in a partial sale transaction when it 1) does not have (or ceases to have) a controlling financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset and 2) transfers control of the asset. Once an entity
transfers control of a distinct nonfinancial asset or distinct in substance
 

  
nonfinancial asset, it is required to measure any noncontrolling interest it receives (or retains) at fair value. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2018 using a modified
retrospective approach. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU
 2017-09  – Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting  
 In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-09  which provides guidance about which changes to the terms or
conditions of a share-based payment award require the application of modification accounting in Topic 718. The amendments specify that an entity should account for the effects of such changes as a modification unless the fair value, vesting
conditions and classification (as an equity or liability) of the awards are all unaffected by the change. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance prospectively on January 1, 2018. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Consolidated
Financial Statements.    ASU  2017-12  – Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to
Accounting for Hedging Activities    In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-12  which makes
several amendments to existing guidance for hedge accounting. As permitted, the Bancorp elected to early adopt the amended guidance on January 1, 2018. For certain fair value hedges of interest rate risk, the Bancorp elected to modify the
measurement methodology for the hedged item to be the benchmark rate component of the contractual coupon cash flows and also elected to  de-designate  a portion of the existing hedging relationship, as
permitted. Upon adoption, changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI and then subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Also, for both fair value hedges and cash flow hedges, changes in
the fair value of the derivative instrument are recorded in the same income statement line item as the effects of the hedged item, eliminating the separate measurement of hedge ineffectiveness. The Bancorp recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to
retained earnings for the impact of these elections as well as the elimination of the separate measurement of ineffectiveness from AOCI for cash flow hedges existing at January 1, 2018, the amount of which was not material. The amended
presentation and disclosure guidance was applied prospectively.    ASU  2018-02  – Income
Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
 In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU  2018-02  which allows for reclassification from AOCI to retained
earnings of stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA. Stranded tax effects result from the reduction in the top federal statutory income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent as deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the
impact of a change in tax rate through income tax expense, even in situations when the related items giving rise to the deferred taxes are components of AOCI, which are carried net of tax. As permitted, the Bancorp elected to early adopt this
amended guidance and recorded a reclassification adjustment from AOCI to retained earnings as of January 1, 2018, the amount of which was not material.  
 Standards Issued but Not Yet Adopted  
 The following accounting standards were issued but not yet adopted by the Bancorp as of December 31, 2018:
   

      120  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  ASU  2016-02  – Leases (Topic 842)  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-02  which establishes a new accounting model for leases. The
amended guidance requires lessees to record lease liabilities on the lessees’ balance sheets along with corresponding  right-of-use  assets for all leases with terms
longer than twelve months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the lessee’s statements of income. From a lessor perspective, the accounting model is
largely unchanged, except that the amended guidance includes certain targeted improvements to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and the revenue recognition guidance in ASC Topic 606. The amendments also
modify disclosure requirements for an entity’s lease arrangements. The amended guidance contains certain transition relief provisions that, among other things, permit an entity to elect not to reassess the classification of leases which existed
or expired as of the date the amendments are effective.    Subsequent to the issuance of ASU  2016-02,  the FASB has issued additional guidance to clarify certain implementation issues and provide transition relief in certain circumstances including ASUs  2018-01  (Land
Easement Practical Expedient, issued in January 2018),  2018-10  (Codification Improvements, issued in July 2018),  2018-11  (Targeted Improvements, also issued in July
2018), and  2018-20  (Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors, issued in December 2018). These subsequent amendments do not change the core principles in the original ASU, but do provide an additional optional
transition method which is to initially apply the amended guidance at the adoption date and record a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings without retrospective application to prior comparative periods. Entities not electing to
use this optional transition method must apply the amended guidance on a modified retrospective basis to all periods presented.  
 The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on the required effective date of January 1, 2019, and elected the transition
relief provisions (i.e. the practical expedient package) and not to use hindsight in evaluating the lease term. The Bancorp also elected the optional transition method to record a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings on the adoption
date without applying the guidance to prior comparative periods. Upon adoption, the Bancorp recognized additional  right-of-use  assets and lease liabilities of
approximately $510 million related to its operating lease commitments and also recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings of approximately $13 million, which was primarily attributable to recognizing remaining deferred
gains on sale-leaseback transactions that occurred prior to January 1, 2019. From a lessor perspective, adoption of the amended guidance did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements at transition, but
prospectively impacts the classification of certain leases, the presentation of lessor costs and the recognition and measurement of initial direct costs.  
 ASU  2016-13  – Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-13  which establishes a new approach to
estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. The new approach changes the impairment model for most financial assets, and will require the use of an “expected credit loss” model for financial instruments measured at
amortized cost and certain other instruments. This model applies to trade and other receivables, loans, debt securities, net investments in leases, and  off-balance  sheet credit exposures (such as loan
commitments, standby letters of credit, and financial guarantees not accounted for as insurance). This model requires entities to estimate the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance that represents the portion of
the amortized cost basis that the
 

  
entity does not expect to collect. This allowance is deducted from the financial asset’s amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected. The new expected credit loss
model will also apply to purchased financial assets with credit deterioration, superseding current accounting guidance for such assets. The amended guidance also amends the impairment model for  available-for-sale  debt securities, requiring entities to determine whether all or a portion of the unrealized loss on such securities is a credit loss, and also eliminating the option for management to
consider the length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position as a factor in concluding whether or not a credit loss exists. The amended model states that an entity will recognize an allowance for credit losses on  available-for-sale  debt securities as a contra account to the amortized cost basis, instead of a direct reduction of the amortized cost basis of the investment, as under
current guidance. As a result, entities will recognize improvements to estimated credit losses on  available-for-sale  debt securities immediately in earnings as opposed
to in interest income over time. There are also additional disclosure requirements included in this guidance.    The
amended guidance is effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted as soon as January 1, 2019, but the Bancorp currently expects to adopt on the mandatory effective date. The amended guidance is to be applied on
a modified retrospective basis with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments recognized in retained earnings at the date of initial application. However, certain provisions of the guidance are only required to be applied on a
prospective basis. While the Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements, it currently expects the ALLL to increase upon adoption given that the allowance will be
required to cover the full remaining expected life of the portfolio upon adoption, rather than the incurred loss model under current U.S. GAAP. The extent of this increase is still being evaluated and will depend on economic conditions and the
composition of the Bancorp’s loan and lease portfolio at the time of adoption.    In November 2018, the FASB issued
ASU  2018-19  which made minor clarifications to the pending guidance in ASU  2016-13.  The FASB has also established a Transition Resource Group for Credit Losses to
evaluate implementation issues arising from the amended guidance and make recommendations to the FASB on which issues may warrant the issuance of additional clarifying guidance. The Bancorp continues to monitor the issues discussed by the Transition
Resource Group and the recommended amendments proposed to the FASB as part of its implementation analysis.    ASU
 2017-04  – Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment  
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-04  which simplifies the test for goodwill impairment by
removing the second step, which measures the amount of impairment loss, if any. Instead, the amended guidance states that an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s
fair value, except that the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. This would apply to all reporting units, including those with zero or negative carrying amounts of net assets. The amended
guidance is effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied prospectively to all goodwill impairment tests performed after the adoption date.
   

      121  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  ASU  2017-08  – Receivables—Nonrefundable Fees and Other
Costs (Subtopic  310-20):  Premium Amortization on Purchased Callable Debt Securities    In March
2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-08  which shortens the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically, the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest
call date. The amendments do not require an accounting change for securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be amortized to maturity. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2019 on a modified retrospective basis.
The adoption did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU  2018-13  – Fair
Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework—Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement    In August
2018, the FASB issued ASU  2018-13  which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The amendments remove the requirements to disclose the amount of and reasons for transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the policy for timing of transfers between levels and the valuation processes for Level 3 fair value measurements. The amendments also add new disclosure requirements regarding
unrealized gains and losses from recurring Level 3 fair value measurements and the significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements. The amended guidance is effective for the Bancorp on January  1,
2020 with early adoption permitted. Certain of the amendments are to be applied prospectively while others are to be applied retrospectively. Also, early adoption of the removed and modified disclosure requirements is permitted before adoption of
the newly added requirements. The Bancorp is in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
  ASU  2018-15  – Intangibles—Goodwill and  Other—Internal-Use  Software (Subtopic  350-40):  Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract
   In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU  2018-15  which provides guidance on the accounting for
implementation, setup, and other upfront costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements that are accounted for as service contracts. The amendments require that implementation costs be evaluated for capitalization using the framework
applicable to costs incurred to develop or obtain  internal-use  software. Those capitalized costs are to be expensed over the term of the cloud computing arrangement and presented in the same financial
statement line items as the service contract and its associated fees. The amended guidance is effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and may be applied either retrospectively or prospectively. The Bancorp
is in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements.    Change in Accounting Policy
   Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, the Bancorp changed its accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments from the
equity method to the proportional amortization method as it was management’s determination to be the preferable method. The proportional amortization method provides an improved presentation for the reporting of these investments by presenting
the investment performance net of taxes as a component of income tax expense, which more fairly represents the economics and provides users with a better understanding of the returns from such investments than the prior equity method. Additionally,
the proportional amortization method is used by many of the Bancorp’s peers. Thus, changing the accounting policy for LIHTC investments made the Bancorp’s presentation of the LIHTC investments comparable to that of its peers. The adoption
of the proportional amortization method was applied retrospectively and resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment to reduce retained earnings by $134 million as of January 1, 2016.
   

      122  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables provides a summary of the impact of the change in accounting principle
for qualifying LIHTC investments on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 $ in millions, except per share data 
   
 2018 
   
 
     
   
 
   
   
 Pre-LIHTC Adjustment 
   
   
 Adjustments 
   
   
 As Adjusted         
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheet caption 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
   
 $ 
 7,463 
   
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 7,372       
   
 
   Accrued taxes, interest and expenses 
   
   
 1,508 
   
   
   
 54 
   
   
   
 1,562       
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 16,723 
   
   
   
 (145 
 )  
   
   
 16,578       
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Income caption 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total noninterest expense 
   
 $ 
 4,103 
   
   
   
 (175 
 )  
   
   
 3,928       
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 2,590 
   
   
   
 175 
   
   
   
 2,765       
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
   
   
 417 
   
   
   
 155 
   
   
   
 572       
   
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 2,173 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 2,193       
   
 
   Earnings per share - basic 
   
 $ 
 3.10 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 3.11       
   
 
   Earnings per share - diluted 
   
 $ 
 3.05 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 3.06       
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 $ in millions, except per share data 
   
   
   
   
 2017 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   
   
 As Originally Reported 
   
   
 Adjustments 
   
   
 As Adjusted         
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheet caption 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
   
 $ 
 6,975 
   
   
   
 (112 
 )  
   
   
 6,863       
   
 
   Accrued taxes, interest and expenses 
   
   
 1,412 
   
   
   
 53 
   
   
   
 1,465       
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 15,122 
   
   
   
 (165 
 )  
   
   
 14,957       
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Income caption 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total noninterest expense 
   
 $ 
 3,990 
   
   
   
 (208 
 )  
   
   
 3,782       
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 2,771 
   
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
 2,979       
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
   
   
 577 
   
   
   
 222 
   
   
   
 799       
   
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 2,194 
   
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 2,180       
   
 
   Earnings per share - basic 
   
 $ 
 2.88 
   
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 2.86       
   
 
   Earnings per share - diluted 
   
 $ 
 2.83 
   
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 2.81       
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 $ in millions, except per share data 
   
   
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   
   
 As Originally Reported 
   
   
 Adjustments 
   
   
 As Adjusted         
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheet caption 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
   
 $ 
 7,844 
   
   
   
 (97 
 )  
   
   
 7,747       
   
 
   Accrued taxes, interest and expenses 
   
   
 1,800 
   
   
   
 54 
   
   
   
 1,854       
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 13,441 
   
   
   
 (151 
 )  
   
   
 13,290       
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Income caption 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total noninterest expense 
   
 $ 
 3,903 
   
   
   
 (143 
 )  
   
   
 3,760       
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 2,065 
   
   
   
 143 
   
   
   
 2,208       
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
   
   
 505 
   
   
   
 160 
   
   
   
 665       
   
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 1,560 
   
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 1,543       
   
 
   Earnings per share - basic 
   
 $ 
 1.95 
   
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
   
   
 1.92       
   
 
   Earnings per share - diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.93 
   
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 1.91       
   
 
     
   
 
      123  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  2. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION  
     Cash payments related to interest and income taxes
in addition to  non-cash  investing and financing activities are presented in the following table for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018          
   
      
 2017             
   
      
 2016             
   
 
     
   
 
   Cash Payments: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
 $ 
                     1,016 
   
      
   
 699 
   
      
   
 578  
   
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 359 
   
      
   
 1,035 
   
      
   
 800  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Transfers: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Portfolio loans to loans held for sale 
    
   
 275 
   
      
   
 255 
   
      
   
 238  
   
 
   Loans held for sale to portfolio loans 
    
   
 95 
   
      
   
 29 
   
      
   
 28  
   
 
   Portfolio loans to OREO 
    
   
 39 
   
      
   
 34 
   
      
   
 49  
   
 
     
   
   3. RESTRICTIONS ON CASH, DIVIDENDS AND OTHER CAPITAL ACTIONS  
  
 
  Reserve Requirement  
 The FRB, under Regulation D, requires that banks hold cash in reserve against deposit liabilities when total reservable deposit liabilities
are greater than the regulatory exemption, known as the reserve requirement. The reserve requirement is calculated based on a  two-week  average of daily net transaction account deposits as defined by the FRB
and may be satisfied with average vault cash during the following  two-week  maintenance period. When vault cash is not sufficient to meet the reserve requirement, the remaining amount must be satisfied with
average funds held at the FRB. At both December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary reserve requirement was $1.5 billion. Additionally, the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary average reserve requirement was
$1.5 billion and $1.4 billion in 2018 and 2017, respectively.    Restrictions on Cash Dividends  
 The principal source of income and funds for the Bancorp (parent company) are dividends from its subsidiaries. The dividends paid by the
Bancorp’s banking subsidiary are subject to regulations and limitations prescribed by state and federal supervisory agencies. The Bancorp’s banking subsidiary paid the Bancorp’s nonbank subsidiary holding company, which in turn paid
the Bancorp $1.9 billion and $2.3 billion in dividends during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Bancorp’s nonbank-subsidiaries are also limited by certain federal and state statutory provisions and
regulations covering the amount of dividends that may be paid in any given year.    Capital Actions  
 In 2011 the FRB adopted the capital plan rule, which requires BHCs with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more to submit annual
capital plans to the FRB for review. Under the rule, these capital plans must include detailed descriptions of the following: the BHC’s internal processes for assessing capital adequacy; the policies governing capital actions such as common
stock issuances, dividends and share repurchases; and all planned capital actions over a nine-quarter planning horizon. Further, each BHC must also report to the FRB the results of stress tests conducted by the BHC under a number of scenarios that
assess the sources and uses of capital under baseline and stressed economic scenarios. The FRB launched the 2018 stress testing program and CCAR on February 1, 2018, with submissions of stress test results and capital plans to the FRB due on
April 5, 2018, which the Bancorp submitted as required.    The FRB’s review of the capital plan assessed the
comprehensiveness of the capital plan, the reasonableness of the assumptions and the analysis underlying the capital plan. Additionally, the FRB reviewed the robustness of the capital adequacy process, the capital policy and the Bancorp’s
ability to
 

  
maintain capital above each minimum regulatory capital ratio on a pro forma basis under expected and stressful conditions throughout the planning horizon.  
 On June 28, 2018, the Bancorp announced the results of its capital plan submitted to the FRB as part of the 2018 CCAR.
For BHCs that proposed capital distributions in their plans, the FRB either objected to the plan or provided a  non-objection  whereby the FRB permitted the proposed capital distributions. The FRB indicated to
the Bancorp that it did not object to the following capital actions for the period beginning July 1, 2018 and ending June 30, 2019:  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The increase in the quarterly common stock dividend to $0.22 from $0.18 beginning in the fourth quarter of
2018 and to $0.24 beginning in the second quarter of 2019, a 33% increase over the then current dividend rate;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The repurchase of common shares in an amount up to $1.651 billion, or a 42% increase over the 2017
capital plan. These repurchases include $81 million in repurchases related to share issuances under employee benefit plans and $53 million in repurchases related to previously-recognized TRA transaction
 after-tax  gains;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The additional ability to repurchase common shares in the amount of any
 after-tax  capital generated from the sale of Worldpay, Inc. common stock;  
 
 
   
 ● 
   
   The additional ability to repurchase common shares in the amount of any
 after-tax  cash income generated from the termination and settlement of gross cash flows from existing TRAs with Worldpay, Inc. or potential future TRAs that may be generated from additional sales of Worldpay,
Inc.    On May 21, 2018, the Bancorp announced the planned acquisition of MB Financial, Inc. As a
result of this transaction, the FRB required the Bancorp to resubmit its CCAR plan recognizing the pro forma impact of the combined Fifth Third/MB Financial, Inc. post-merger entity. On October 5, 2018, Fifth Third resubmitted its capital plan
to the FRB. On December 27, 2018, the FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the resubmitted capital plan. The resubmitted capital plan called for no change to the originally submitted total capital actions over the 2018 CCAR
approval horizon (the third quarter of 2018 through the second quarter of 2019). However, the share repurchase authority increased from $1.651 billion to $1.81 billion as a result of  after-tax  gains
related to the sale of Worldpay, Inc. common stock.    The Bancorp recognized a gain of $414 million in the first
quarter of 2018 when Vantiv, Inc. completed its previously announced acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. with the resulting combined company named Worldpay, Inc., associated with the dilution in its ownership interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC.
   

      124  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
Additionally, the Bancorp recognized a gain on the sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares of $205 million during the second quarter of 2018. The Bancorp also entered into accelerated share repurchase
and open market share repurchase transactions during the years
 

  
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. For more information related to these transactions, refer to Note 18 and Note 22. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Bancorp increased the quarterly common
stock dividend to $0.22.    

      125  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES  
     The following table provides the
amortized cost, fair value and unrealized gains and losses for the major categories of the  available-for-sale  debt and other securities and  held-to-maturity  securities portfolios as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
   
  Amortized Cost  
   
   
 Unrealized Gains  
   
   
 Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair     Value     
   
   
 Amortized Cost  
   
   
 Unrealized Gains  
   
   
 Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
   
 $ 
   
   
   
   
 98       
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 (1)   
   
   
   
 97     
   
   
   
 98      
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 98    
   
 
   Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2       
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 2     
   
   
   
 43      
   
   
   
 1      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 44    
   
 
   Mortgage-backed securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Agency residential mortgage-backed
securities (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 16,403       
   
   
   
 86      
   
   
   
 (242)   
   
   
   
 16,247    
   
   
   
 15,281      
   
   
   
 118      
   
   
   
 (80)   
   
   
   
 15,319    
   
 
   Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,770       
   
   
   
 44      
   
   
   
 (164)   
   
   
   
 10,650    
   
   
   
 10,113      
   
   
   
 92      
   
   
   
 (38)   
   
   
   
 10,167    
   
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,305       
   
   
   
 9      
   
   
   
 (47)   
   
   
   
 3,267    
   
   
   
 3,247      
   
   
   
 51      
   
   
   
 (5)   
   
   
   
 3,293    
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,998       
   
   
   
 27      
   
   
   
 (10)   
   
   
   
 2,015    
   
   
   
 2,183      
   
   
   
 46      
   
   
   
 (11)   
   
   
   
 2,218    
   
 
   Other securities (b) 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 552       
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 552    
   
   
   
 612      
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 612    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities 
   
 $ 
   
   
   
   
 33,128       
   
   
   
 166      
   
   
   
 (464)   
   
   
   
 32,830    
   
   
   
 31,577      
   
   
   
 308      
   
   
   
 (134)   
   
   
   
 31,751    
   
 
     
   
 
   Held-to-maturity 
securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
   
 $ 
   
   
   
   
 16        
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 16    
   
   
   
 22      
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 22    
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2        
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 2    
   
   
   
 2      
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 2    
   
 
     
   
 
   Total
 held-to-maturity  securities 
   
 $ 
   
   
   
   
 18        
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 18    
   
   
   
 24      
   
   
   
 -      
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 24    
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes interest-only mortgage-backed securities of
 $ 0   and $34 as of  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively, recorded at fair value with fair value changes recorded in
securities (losses) gains, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Other securities consist of FHLB, FRB and DTCC restricted stock holdings of
 $ 184 ,  $ 366  and  $ 2 , respectively, at  December  31, 2018 
and $248, $362 and $2, respectively, at December 31, 2017, that are carried at cost.    The following table
provides the fair value of trading debt securities and equity securities as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017         
   
 
     
   
 
   Trading debt securities 
    
 $ 
                    287       
   
    
   
             492         
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 452       
   
    
   
 439         
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp uses investment securities as a means of managing interest rate risk, providing
collateral for pledging purposes and for liquidity to satisfy regulatory requirements. As part of managing interest rate risk, the Bancorp acquires securities as a component of
 
  its MSR  non-qualifying  hedging strategy, with net gains
or losses recorded in securities (losses) gains, net –  non-qualifying  hedges on MSRs in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
   
      The following table
presents securities (losses) gains recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
     2017   
   
    
 2016         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Realized gains 
    
 $ 
 72    
   
    
   
 85  
   
    
   
 72        
   
 
   Realized losses 
    
   
 (82)   
   
    
   
 (36) 
   
    
   
 (49)       
   
 
   OTTI 
    
   
             -     
   
    
   
 (54) 
   
    
   
 (15)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net realized (losses) gains on
 available-for-sale  debt and other securities 
    
 $ 
 (10)   
   
    
   
 (5) 
   
    
   
 8        
   
 
     
   
 
   Total trading debt securities (losses) gains 
    
 $ 
 (15)   
   
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 -        
   
 
     
   
 
   Total equity securities (losses)
gains (a) 
    
 $ 
 (44)   
   
    
   
 7  
   
    
   
 2        
   
 
     
   
 
   Total (losses) gains recognized in income from  available-for-sale  debt and other securities, trading debt securities and equity securities (b) 
    
 $ 
             (69)   
   
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 10        
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes $ 45  of net unrealized losses for the year ended
 December  31, 2018  and net unrealized gains of $5 and $3 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes an insignificant amount of securities gains (losses) included in corporate banking revenue and
wealth and asset management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to securities held by FTS to facilitate the timely execution of customer transactions.  
      126  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  At December 31, 2018 and 2017, investment securities with a fair value of
$7.0 billion and $7.8 billion, respectively, were pledged to
 
  secure borrowings, public deposits, trust funds, derivative contracts and for other purposes as
required or permitted by law.    
      The expected maturity
distribution of the Bancorp’s mortgage-backed securities and the contractual maturity distribution of the remainder of the Bancorp’s  available-for-sale  debt
and other securities and  held-to-maturity  investment securities as of December 31, 2018 are shown in the following table:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 Available-for-Sale  Debt and Other 
   
   
   
    
 Held-to-Maturity 
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
     Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value    
   
   
   
    
     Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value     
   
 
     
   
 
   Debt securities: (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Less than 1 year 
    
 $ 
 3     
   
    
   
 3        
   
   
 
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
    1-5  years 
    
   
 10,052     
   
    
   
 10,015        
   
   
 
    
   
 16       
   
    
   
 16         
   
 
    5-10  years 
    
   
 18,394     
   
    
   
 18,197        
   
   
 
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
    Over 10 years 
    
   
 4,127     
   
    
   
 4,063        
   
   
 
    
   
 2       
   
    
   
 2         
   
 
 Other securities 
    
   
 552     
   
    
   
 552         
   
   
 
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
             33,128     
   
    
   
     32,830        
   
   
 
    
   
 18      
   
    
   
 18         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities when a right to call or prepay obligations exists
with or without call or prepayment penalties.    The following table provides the fair value and gross unrealized
losses on  available-for-sale  debt and other securities in an unrealized loss position, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities
have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 Less than 12 months 
   
    
 12 months or more 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
       Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized     Losses     
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized     Losses     
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized     Losses     
   
 
     
   
 
   2018 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
    
 $ 
 -   
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 97  
   
    
   
 (1)       
   
    
   
 97 
   
    
   
 (1)       
   
 
   Agency residential mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 3,235   
   
    
   
 (21)       
   
    
   
 7,892  
   
    
   
 (221)       
   
    
   
 11,127 
   
    
   
 (242)       
   
 
   Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 2,022   
   
    
   
 (37)       
   
    
   
 5,260  
   
    
   
 (127)       
   
    
   
 7,282 
   
    
   
 (164)       
   
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

    
   
 884   
   
    
   
 (6)       
   
    
   
 1,621  
   
    
   
 (41)       
   
    
   
 2,505 
   
    
   
 (47)       
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
    
   
 314   
   
    
   
 (6)       
   
    
   
 241  
   
    
   
 (4)       
   
    
   
 555 
   
    
   
 (10)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
         6,455   
   
    
   
 (70)       
   
    
   
 15,111  
   
    
   
 (394)       
   
    
   
 21,566 
   
    
   
 (464)       
   
 
     
   
 
   2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
    
 $ 
 98   
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 98 
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Agency residential mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 7,337   
   
    
   
 (59)       
   
    
   
 479  
   
    
   
 (21)       
   
    
   
 7,816 
   
    
   
 (80)       
   
 
   Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 2,900   
   
    
   
 (22)       
   
    
   
 526  
   
    
   
 (16)       
   
    
   
 3,426 
   
    
   
 (38)       
   
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

    
   
 449   
   
    
   
 (2)       
   
    
   
 145  
   
    
   
 (3)       
   
    
   
 594 
   
    
   
 (5)       
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
    
   
 317   
   
    
   
 (2)       
   
    
   
 386  
   
    
   
 (9)       
   
    
   
 703 
   
    
   
 (11)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 11,101   
   
    
   
 (85)       
   
    
   
 1,536  
   
    
   
 (49)       
   
    
   
 12,637 
   
    
   
 (134)       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  At both December 31, 2018 and 2017, an immaterial amount of unrealized losses in the  available-for-sale  debt and other securities portfolio were represented by  non-rated  securities.
 
   

      127  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  5. LOANS AND LEASES  
  
 
  The Bancorp diversifies its loan and lease portfolio by offering a variety of loan and lease
products with various payment terms and rate structures. The Bancorp’s commercial loan portfolio consists of lending to various industry types. Management periodically reviews the performance of its loan and lease products to evaluate whether
they are performing within acceptable interest rate and credit risk
 
  levels and changes are made to underwriting policies and procedures as needed. The Bancorp
maintains an allowance to absorb loan and lease losses inherent in the portfolio. For further information on credit quality and the ALLL, refer to Note 6.
   
      The following table
provides a summary of commercial loans and leases classified by primary purpose and consumer loans classified based upon product or collateral as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
         2018 
   
    
     2017 
   
 
     
   
 
   Loans and leases held for sale: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 67   
   
    
   
 -          
   
 
     Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 3   
   
    
   
 6          
   
 
     Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 537   
   
    
   
 486          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases held for sale 
    
 $ 
 607   
   
    
   
 492          
   
 
     
   
 
   Portfolio loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 44,340   
   
    
   
 41,170          
   
 
     Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 6,974   
   
    
   
 6,604          
   
 
     Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,657   
   
    
   
 4,553          
   
 
     Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,600   
   
    
   
 4,068          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 59,571   
   
    
   
 56,395          
   
 
     
   
 
     Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 15,504   
   
    
   
 15,591          
   
 
     Home equity 
    
   
 6,402   
   
    
   
 7,014          
   
 
     Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,976   
   
    
   
 9,112          
   
 
     Credit card 
    
   
 2,470   
   
    
   
 2,299          
   
 
     Other consumer loans 
    
   
 2,342   
   
    
   
 1,559          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total consumer loans 
    
   
 35,694   
   
    
   
 35,575          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
                 95,265   
   
    
   
                 91,970          
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Total portfolio loans and leases are recorded net of unearned income, which totaled
$479 million as of December 31, 2018 and $523 million as of December 31, 2017. Additionally, portfolio loans and leases are recorded net of unamortized premiums and discounts, deferred direct loan origination fees and costs and
fair value adjustments (associated with acquired loans or loans designated as fair value upon origination) which totaled a net
 

  
premium of $296 million and $282 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 The Bancorp’s FHLB and FRB advances are generally secured by loans. The Bancorp had loans of $13.1 billion and
$13.0 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, pledged at the FHLB, and loans of $42.6 billion and $39.8 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, pledged at the FRB.
   
  The following table presents a summary of the total loans and leases owned by the Bancorp and
net charge-offs (recoveries) as of and for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
 90 Days Past Due 
   
    
 Net 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 and Still Accruing 
   
    
 Charge-Offs (Recoveries) 
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
         2018         
   
    
 2017         
   
    
           2018 
   
    
         2017           
   
    
         2018     
   
    
           2017         
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
   
   $ 
   
   
 44,407         
   
    
   
 41,170         
   
    
   
 4   
   
    
   
 3           
   
    
   
 132     
   
    
   
 111         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
   
 
   
   
 6,977         
   
    
   
 6,610         
   
    
   
 2   
   
    
   
 -           
   
    
   
 (1)    
   
    
   
 12         
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
   
 
   
   
 4,657         
   
    
   
 4,553         
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -           
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial leases 
   
 
   
   
 3,600         
   
    
   
 4,068         
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -           
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 2         
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
   
 
   
   
 16,041         
   
    
   
 16,077         
   
    
   
 38   
   
    
   
 57           
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 7         
   
 
   Home equity 
   
 
   
   
 6,402         
   
    
   
 7,014         
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -           
   
    
   
 12     
   
    
   
 19         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
   
 
   
   
 8,976         
   
    
   
 9,112         
   
    
   
 12   
   
    
   
 10           
   
    
   
 40     
   
    
   
 37         
   
 
   Credit card 
   
 
   
   
 2,470         
   
    
   
 2,299         
   
    
   
 37   
   
    
   
 27           
   
    
   
 101     
   
    
   
 84         
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
   
 
   
   
 2,342         
   
    
   
 1,559         
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -           
   
    
   
 38     
   
    
   
 26         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
   
   $ 
   
   
 95,872         
   
    
   
 92,462         
   
    
   
 93   
   
    
   
 97           
   
    
   
 330     
   
    
   
 298         
   
 
     
   
 
   Less: Loans and leases held for sale 
   
   $ 
   
   
 607         
   
    
   
 492         
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
   
   $ 
   
   
         95,265         
   
    
   
 91,970         
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp engages in commercial lease products primarily related to the financing of
commercial equipment. The Bancorp had $3.0 billion and $3.4 billion of direct financing leases, net of unearned income, at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $624 million and $674 million of leveraged leases, net
of unearned income, at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
 
  Pre-tax  income from leveraged leases
was $34 million and included $15 million of gains on early terminations during the year ended December 31, 2018.  Pre-tax  loss from leveraged leases was $11 million during the year ended
December 31, 2017, which included a remeasurement of $27 million related to the tax treatment of leveraged leases resulting from the impact of the TCJA during the year ended December 31, 2017.
   

      128  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Excluding the impact of the remeasurement,  pre-tax 
income from leveraged leases was $16 million during the year ended December 31, 2017. The tax effect of this income was an expense of $8 million and $6 million during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
 
      
   
  The following table provides the components of the commercial lease financing portfolio as of
December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017           
   
 
     
   
 
   Rentals receivable, net of principal and interest on nonrecourse debt 
    
 $ 
             3,256           
   
    
   
 3,684          
   
 
   Estimated residual value of leased assets 
    
   
 804           
   
    
   
 885          
   
 
   Initial direct cost, net of amortization 
    
   
 19           
   
    
   
 22          
   
 
     
   
 
   Gross investment in commercial lease financing 
    
   
 4,079           
   
    
   
 4,591          
   
 
   Unearned income 
    
   
 (479)          
   
    
   
 (523)         
   
 
     
   
 
   Net investment in commercial lease
financing (a) 
    
 $ 
 3,600           
   
    
   
 4,068          
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
   
 (a) 
   The accumulated allowance for uncollectible minimum lease payments was
 $ 18   and $14 at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
   
  The Bancorp periodically reviews residual values associated with its leasing portfolio.
Declines in residual values that are deemed to be other-than-temporary are recognized as a loss. The Bancorp recognized $4 million of residual value write-downs related to commercial leases for both the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017. The residual value write-downs related to commercial leases
 
  are recorded in corporate banking revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At
December 31, 2018, the future minimum lease payments receivable for each of the years 2019 through 2023 was $815 million, $666 million, $528 million, $430 million and $350 million, respectively.
   

      129  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  6. CREDIT QUALITY AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES  
     The Bancorp disaggregates ALLL
balances and transactions in the ALLL by portfolio segment. Credit quality related disclosures for loans and leases are further disaggregated by class.  
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  
 The following tables summarize transactions in the ALLL by portfolio segment for the years ended December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
 
   
    
   
    
 Residential  
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
   
 
 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial 
    
 Mortgage   
    
 Consumer 
    
     Unallocated 
   
    
 Total     
    
   
 
     
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 753   
   
    
   
 89   
   
    
   
 234   
   
    
   
 120     
   
    
 1,196     
    
 
 
    Losses  charged-off (a) 
    
   
 (157)  
   
    
   
 (13)  
   
    
   
 (280) 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 (450)    
    
 
 
    Recoveries of losses previously  charged-off (a) 
    
   
 25   
   
    
   
 6   
   
    
   
 89   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 120     
    
 
 
    Provision for (benefit from) loan and lease losses 
    
   
 24   
   
    
   
 (1)  
   
    
   
 224   
   
    
   
 (10)    
   
    
 237     
    
 
 
     
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
                 645   
   
    
   
 81   
   
    
   
 267   
   
    
   
 110     
   
    
 1,103     
    
 
 
     
 
   (a)   For the year ended  December  31, 2018 , the
Bancorp recorded  $29  in both losses  charged-off  and recoveries of losses  charged-off  related to customer defaults on
 point-of-sale  consumer loans for which the Bancorp obtained recoveries under third-party credit enhancements. 
   
 
     
 
   
    
   
    
 Residential  
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
   
 
 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial 
    
 Mortgage   
    
 Consumer 
    
 Unallocated 
   
    
 Total     
    
   
 
     
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 831   
   
    
   
 96   
   
    
   
 214   
   
    
   
 112     
   
    
 1,253     
    
 
 
    Losses  charged-off 
    
   
 (154)  
   
    
   
 (15)  
   
    
   
 (212)  
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 (381)    
    
 
 
    Recoveries of losses previously
 charged-off 
    
   
 29   
   
    
   
 8   
   
    
   
 46   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 83     
    
 
 
    Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 66   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 186   
   
    
   
 9     
   
    
 261     
    
 
 
    Deconsolidation of a
VIE (a) 
    
   
 (19)  
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 (1)    
   
    
 (20)    
    
 
 
     
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
                 753   
   
    
   
 89   
   
    
   
 234   
   
    
   
 120     
   
    
 1,196     
    
 
 
     
 
   (a)   Refer to Note 10 for further discussion on the
deconsolidation of a VIE. 
 
   
    
   
    
 Residential  
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
   
 
 2016 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial 
    
 Mortgage   
    
 Consumer 
    
 Unallocated 
   
    
 Total     
    
   
 
     
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 840   
   
    
   
 100   
   
    
   
 217   
   
    
   
 115     
   
    
 1,272     
    
 
 
    Losses  charged-off 
    
   
 (232)  
   
    
   
 (19)  
   
    
   
 (205)  
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 (456)    
    
 
 
    Recoveries of losses previously
 charged-off 
    
   
 42   
   
    
   
 9   
   
    
   
 43   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 94     
    
 
 
    Provision for (benefit from) loan and lease losses 
    
   
 181   
   
    
   
 6   
   
    
   
 159   
   
    
   
 (3)    
   
    
 343     
    
 
 
     
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
                 831   
   
    
   
 96   
   
    
   
 214   
   
    
   
                 112     
   
    
             1,253     
    
 
 
     
 
       The following tables provide a summary
of the ALLL and related loans and leases classified by portfolio segment:     
 
     
 
   
    
   
    
 Residential  
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial 
    
 Mortgage   
    
 Consumer 
    
 Unallocated 
   
    
 Total     
    
   
 
     
 
   ALLL: (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
    Individually evaluated for impairment 
    
 $ 
 42   
   
    
   
 61   
   
    
   
 38   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 141     
    
 
 
    Collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 603   
   
    
   
 20   
   
    
   
 229   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 852     
    
 
 
    Unallocated 
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 110     
   
    
 110     
    
 
 
     
 
   Total ALLL 
    
 $ 
 645   
   
    
   
 81   
   
    
   
 267   
   
    
   
 110     
   
    
 1,103     
    
 
 
     
 
 Portfolio loans and leases: (b) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
    Individually evaluated for impairment 
    
 $ 
 277   
   
    
   
 736   
   
    
   
 278   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 1,291     
    
 
 
    Collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 59,294   
   
    
   
 14,589   
   
    
   
 19,912   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 93,795     
    
 
 
     
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
                 59,571   
   
    
   
                 15,325   
   
    
   
             20,190   
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
 95,086     
    
 
 
     
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes  $ 1  related to leveraged leases at
 December  31, 2018 .  
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes  $ 179  of residential mortgage loans measured at fair
value and includes  $ 624  of leveraged leases, net of unearned income, at  December  31, 2018 .  
      130  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
     Commercial 
   
    
     Residential     Mortgage 
   
    
 Consumer 
   
    
 Unallocated 
   
    
 Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   ALLL: (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Individually evaluated for impairment 
    
 $ 
 94         
   
    
   
 64    
   
    
   
 42    
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 200         
   
 
    Collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 659         
   
    
   
 25    
   
    
   
 192    
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 876         
   
 
    Unallocated 
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 120      
   
    
   
 120         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total ALLL 
    
 $ 
 753         
   
    
   
 89    
   
    
   
 234    
   
    
   
 120      
   
    
   
 1,196         
   
 
     
   
 
   Portfolio loans and
leases: (b) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Individually evaluated for impairment 
    
 $ 
 560         
   
    
   
 665    
   
    
   
 320    
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 1,545         
   
 
    Collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 55,835         
   
    
   
 14,787    
   
    
   
 19,664    
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 90,286         
   
 
    Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 2    
   
    
   
 -    
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 2         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
             56,395         
   
    
   
 15,454    
   
    
   
 19,984    
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 91,833         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes $1 related to leveraged leases at December 31, 2017.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Excludes $137 of residential mortgage loans measured at fair value and includes $674 of leveraged leases,
net of unearned income at December 31, 2017.  
   
  CREDIT RISK PROFILE  
 Commercial Portfolio Segment    For
purposes of analyzing historical loss rates used in the determination of the ALLL and monitoring the credit quality and risk characteristics of its commercial portfolio segment, the Bancorp disaggregates the segment into the following classes:
commercial and industrial, commercial mortgage owner-occupied, commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied, commercial construction and commercial leases.  
 To facilitate the monitoring of credit quality within the commercial portfolio segment, and for purposes of analyzing
historical loss rates used in the determination of the ALLL for the commercial portfolio segment, the Bancorp utilizes the following categories of credit grades: pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. The five categories, which are
derived from standard regulatory rating definitions, are assigned upon initial approval of credit to borrowers and updated periodically thereafter.  
 Pass ratings, which are assigned to those borrowers that do not have identified potential or well-defined weaknesses and for
which there is a high likelihood of orderly repayment, are updated at least annually based on the size and credit characteristics of the borrower. All other categories are updated on a quarterly basis during the month preceding the end of the
calendar quarter.    The Bancorp assigns a special mention rating to loans and leases that have potential weaknesses that
deserve management’s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may,
 

  
at some future date, result in the deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or lease or the Bancorp’s credit position. 
 The Bancorp assigns a substandard rating to loans and leases that are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and
paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. Substandard loans and leases have well-defined weaknesses or weaknesses that could jeopardize the orderly repayment of the debt. Loans and leases in this grade also are characterized by
the distinct possibility that the Bancorp will sustain some loss if the deficiencies noted are not addressed and corrected.  
 The Bancorp assigns a doubtful rating to loans and leases that have all the attributes of a substandard rating with the
added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain
important and reasonable specific pending factors that may work to the advantage of and strengthen the credit quality of the loan or lease, its classification as an estimated loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined. Pending
factors may include a proposed merger or acquisition, liquidation proceeding, capital injection, perfecting liens on additional collateral or refinancing plans.  
 Loans and leases classified as loss are considered uncollectible and are  charged-off 
in the period in which they are determined to be uncollectible. Because loans and leases in this category are fully  charged-off,  they are not included in the following tables.
   
      The following tables
summarize the credit risk profile of the Bancorp’s commercial portfolio segment, by class:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
           Pass     
   
    
         Special                 Mention      
   
   
    
     Substandard   
   
    
 Doubtful 
   
    
 Total       
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
             42,695 
   
    
   
 779          
   
    
   
 853         
   
    
   
 13     
   
    
   
 44,340     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,122 
   
    
   
 23          
   
    
   
 139         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3,284     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,632 
   
    
   
 27          
   
    
   
 31         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3,690     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,657 
   
    
   
 -          
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 4,657     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,475 
   
    
   
 72          
   
    
   
 53         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3,600     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 57,581 
   
    
   
 901          
   
    
   
 1,076         
   
    
   
 13     
   
    
   
 59,571     
   
 
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
           Pass 
   
    
   Special 
 Mention 
   
    
     Substandard   
   
    
 Doubtful 
   
    
 Total       
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 38,813 
   
    
   
 1,115          
   
    
   
 1,235         
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 41,170     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,207 
   
    
   
 75          
   
    
   
 80         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3,362     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,117 
   
    
   
 28          
   
    
   
 97         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3,242     
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,553 
   
    
   
 -          
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 4,553     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,922 
   
    
   
 72          
   
    
   
 74         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 4,068     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commercial loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 53,612 
   
    
   
 1,290          
   
    
   
 1,486         
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 56,395     
   
 
     
   
 
      131  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Residential Mortgage and Consumer Portfolio Segments  
 For purposes of monitoring the credit quality and risk characteristics of its consumer portfolio segment, the Bancorp disaggregates the
segment into the following classes: home equity, automobile loans, credit card and other consumer loans. The Bancorp’s residential mortgage portfolio segment is also a separate class.  
 The Bancorp considers repayment performance as the best indicator of credit quality for residential mortgage and consumer
 

  
loans, which includes both the delinquency status and performing versus nonperforming status of the loans. The delinquency status of all residential mortgage and consumer loans is presented by
class in the age analysis section while the performing versus nonperforming status is presented in the following table. Refer to the nonaccrual loans and leases section of Note 1 for additional delinquency and nonperforming information.
   
      The following table
presents a summary of the Bancorp’s residential mortgage and consumer portfolio segments, by class, disaggregated into performing versus nonperforming status as of December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
    
    
 2018 
   
    
    
 2017 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
    
    
         Performing         
    
         Nonperforming         
   
    
    
         Performing         
    
         Nonperforming         


 
   Residential mortgage
loans (a) 
    
 $   
    
   
   
 15,303   
 
    
   
   
 22 
 
   
 
    
   
   
 15,424   
 
    
   
   
 30 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
 
    
   
   
 6,332   
 
    
   
   
 70 
 
   
 
    
   
   
 6,940   
 
    
   
   
 74 
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
    
   
   
 8,975   
 
    
   
   
 1 
 
   
 
    
   
   
 9,111   
 
    
   
   
 1 
 
 
   Credit card 
    
 
    
   
   
 2,444   
 
    
   
   
 26 
 
   
 
    
   
   
 2,273   
 
    
   
   
 26 
 
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
 
    
   
   
 2,341   
 
    
   
   
 1 
 
   
 
    
   
   
 1,559   
 
    
   
   
 - 
 
 
   Total residential
mortgage and consumer loans (a) 
    
 $   
    
   
   
 35,395   
 
    
   
   
 120 
 
   
   
    
   
   
 35,307   
 
    
   
   
 131 
 
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes  $ 179  and $137 of residential mortgage loans measured at
fair value at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
 Age Analysis of Past Due Loans and Leases  
 The following tables summarize the Bancorp’s recorded investment in portfolio loans and leases, by age and class:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
         Current  
   
    
 Past Due 
   
    
    
   
    
 90 Days Past     
   
 
   
    
         Loans and  
   
    
 30-89 
   
    
 90 Days 
   
    
 Total   
   
    
 Total Loans 
   
    
 Due and Still     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
         Leases  (b)(c)   
   
    
 Days (c) 
   
    
 or More (c) 
   
    
 Past Due   
   
    
 and Leases 
   
    
 Accruing     
   


 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 44,213    
   
    
   
 32  
   
    
   
 95     
   
    
   
 127       
   
    
   
 44,340     
   
    
   
 4             
   
 
    Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,277    
   
    
   
 1  
   
    
   
 6     
   
    
   
 7       
   
    
   
 3,284     
   
    
   
 2             
   
 
    Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,688    
   
    
   
 1  
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 2       
   
    
   
 3,690     
   
    
   
 -             
   
 
    Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,657    
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 4,657     
   
    
   
 -             
   
 
    Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,597    
   
    
   
 1  
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 3       
   
    
   
 3,600     
   
    
   
 -             
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (a) 
    
   
 15,227    
   
    
   
 37  
   
    
   
 61     
   
    
   
 98       
   
    
   
 15,325     
   
    
   
 38             
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
   
   
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
    Home equity 
    
   
 6,280    
   
    
   
 71  
   
    
   
 51     
   
    
   
 122       
   
    
   
 6,402     
   
    
   
 -             
   
 
    Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,844    
   
    
   
 119  
   
    
   
 13     
   
    
   
 132       
   
    
   
 8,976     
   
    
   
 12             
   
 
    Credit card 
    
   
 2,381    
   
    
   
 47  
   
    
   
 42     
   
    
   
 89       
   
    
   
 2,470     
   
    
   
 37             
   
 
    Other consumer loans 
    
   
 2,323    
   
    
   
 17  
   
    
   
 2     
   
    
   
 19       
   
    
   
 2,342     
   
    
   
 -             
   
 
   Total portfolio loans
and leases (a) 
    
 $ 
         94,487    
   
    
   
 326  
   
    
   
 273     
   
    
   
 599       
   
    
   
 95,086     
   
    
   
 93             
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes  $ 179  of residential mortgage loans measured at fair
value at  December  31, 2018 .  
 
 
 (b) 
   Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose
repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of  December  31, 2018 ,  $ 90  of these loans were
 30-89  days past due and  $ 195  were 90 days or more past due. The Bancorp recognized  $ 5  of losses during the year ended
 December  31, 2018  due to claim denials and curtailments associated with these insured or guaranteed loans.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes accrual and nonaccrual loans and leases.  
      132  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
         Current   
   
    
 Past Due 
   
    
    
   
    
 90 Days Past     
   
 
   
    
         Loans and   
   
    
 30-89 
   
    
 90 Days 
   
    
 Total     
   
    
 Total Loans 
   
    
 Due and Still     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
         Leases (b)(c)    
   
    
 Days (c) 
   
    
 or More (c) 
   
    
 Past Due     
   
    
 and Leases 
   
    
 Accruing     
   


 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 41,027     
   
    
   
 42 
   
    
   
 101  
   
    
   
 143     
   
    
   
 41,170   
   
    
   
 3           
   
 
     Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,351     
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 11     
   
    
   
 3,362   
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
     Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3,235     
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 7  
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 3,242   
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
     Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,552     
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 4,553   
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
     Commercial leases 
    
   
 4,065     
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 4,068   
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (a) 
    
   
 15,301     
   
    
   
 66 
   
    
   
 87  
   
    
   
 153     
   
    
   
 15,454   
   
    
   
 57           
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Home equity 
    
   
 6,888     
   
    
   
 70 
   
    
   
 56  
   
    
   
 126     
   
    
   
 7,014   
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
     Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,992     
   
    
   
 107 
   
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 120     
   
    
   
 9,112   
   
    
   
 10           
   
 
     Credit card 
    
   
 2,230     
   
    
   
 36 
   
    
   
 33  
   
    
   
 69     
   
    
   
 2,299   
   
    
   
 27           
   
 
     Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1,554     
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 5     
   
    
   
 1,559   
   
    
   
 -           
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and
leases (a) 
    
 $ 
         91,195     
   
    
   
 333 
   
    
   
 305  
   
    
   
 638     
   
    
   
 91,833   
   
    
   
 97           
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes $137 of residential mortgage loans measured at fair value at December 31, 2017.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose
repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of December 31, 2017, $95 of these loans were  30-89  days past due and $290 were 90 days or more past due. The Bancorp recognized $5 of losses
during the year ended December 31, 2017 due to claim denials and curtailments associated with these insured or guaranteed loans.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes accrual and nonaccrual loans and leases.  
   
  Impaired Portfolio Loans and Leases  
 Larger commercial loans and leases included within aggregate borrower relationship balances exceeding $1 million that exhibit probable or
observed credit weaknesses are subject to individual review for impairment. The Bancorp also performs an individual review on loans and leases that are restructured in a TDR. The Bancorp considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of
any guarantees, the loan structure and other factors when
 

  
evaluating whether an individual loan or lease is impaired. Other factors may include the geography and industry of the borrower, size and financial condition of the borrower, cash flow and
leverage of the borrower and the Bancorp’s evaluation of the borrower’s management. Smaller-balance homogenous loans or leases that are collectively evaluated for impairment are not included in the following tables.
   
      The following tables
summarize the Bancorp’s impaired portfolio loans and leases, by class, that were subject to individual review, which includes all portfolio loans and leases restructured in a TDR as of December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
    
    
   Unpaid    Principal    Balance   
    
 Recorded           Investment       
    
   
 ALLL 
    
    


 
   With a related ALLL: 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 $ 
 156 
 
    
   
   
 107 
 
   
   
   
 34   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 2 
 
    
   
   
 2 
 
   
   
   
 1   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 2 
 
    
   
   
 1 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial leases 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 23 
 
    
   
   
 22 
 
   
   
   
 7   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Restructured residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 465 
 
    
   
   
 462 
 
   
   
   
 61   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Restructured consumer loans: 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Home equity 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 146 
 
    
   
   
 145 
 
   
   
   
 22   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Automobile loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 5 
 
    
   
   
 4 
 
   
   
   
 1   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Credit card 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 47 
 
    
   
   
 44 
 
   
   
   
 15   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Total impaired portfolio
loans and leases with a related ALLL 
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
 $ 
 846 
 
    
   
   
 787 
 
   
   
   
 141   
 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   With no related ALLL: 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial loans: 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 $ 
 137 
 
    
   
   
 125 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 9 
 
    
   
   
 9 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 11 
 
    
   
   
 11 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 Restructured residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 292 
 
    
   
   
 274 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 Restructured consumer loans: 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Home equity 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 85 
 
    
   
   
 83 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
     Automobile loans 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
 2 
 
    
   
   
 2 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Total impaired portfolio
loans with no related ALLL 
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
 $ 
 536 
 
    
   
   
 504 
 
   
   
   
 -   
 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total impaired portfolio
loans and leases 
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
 $ 
             1,382 
 
    
   
   
 1,291 
   (a)   
   
   
   
 141   
 
    
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes  $ 60 ,  $ 724  and
 $ 237 , respectively, of commercial, residential mortgage and consumer portfolio TDRs on accrual status and  $ 147 ,  $ 12  and
 $ 41 , respectively, of commercial, residential mortgage and consumer portfolio TDRs on nonaccrual status at  December  31, 2018 .
 
      133  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
       Unpaid       Principal       
Balance 
   
    
       Recorded       Investment 
   
   
     ALLL        
   


 
   With a related ALLL: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 433  
   
    
   
 358   
   
   
   
 87         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 16  
   
    
   
 14   
   
   
   
 7         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 3   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 4   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Restructured residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 469  
   
    
   
 465   
   
   
   
 64         
   
 
   Restructured consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 172  
   
    
   
 172   
   
   
   
 27         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 7   
   
   
   
 1         
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 45   
   
   
   
 14         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total impaired portfolio loans and leases with a related ALLL 
    
 $ 
 1,158  
   
    
   
 1,068   
   
   
   
 200         
   
 
     
   
 
   With no related ALLL: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 151  
   
    
   
 131   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 18  
   
    
   
 15   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 35  
   
    
   
 35   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Restructured residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 218  
   
    
   
 200   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Restructured consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 97  
   
    
   
 94   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 2   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Total impaired portfolio loans and leases with no related ALLL 
    
 $ 
 521  
   
    
   
 477   
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total impaired portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 1,679  
   
    
   
 1,545    
 (a)    
   
   
 200         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes $249, $652 and $275, respectively, of commercial, residential mortgage and consumer portfolio
TDRs on accrual status and $150, $13 and $45, respectively, of commercial, residential mortgage and consumer portfolio TDRs on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2017.  
 The following table summarizes the Bancorp’s average impaired portfolio loans and leases, by class, and interest income, by class, for
the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
         Average                 Recorded      
           Investment         
   
    
   Interest           Income           Recognized      
   
   
    
     Average       Recorded       Investment   
   
    
   Interest     Income         Recognized       
   
    
     Average         Recorded         Investment     
   
   
     Interest       
   Income             Recognized      
     
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 373           
   
    
   
 15             
   
    
   
 579     
   
    
   
 10     
   
    
   
 691         
   
   
   
 10         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied
loans (a) 
    
   
 15           
   
    
   
 -             
   
    
   
 35     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 63         
   
   
   
 1         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 24           
   
    
   
 -             
   
    
   
 61     
   
    
   
 1     
   
    
   
 139         
   
   
   
 5         
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 -           
   
    
   
 -             
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 3         
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 18           
   
    
   
 -             
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 5         
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Restructured residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 743           
   
    
   
 28             
   
    
   
 657     
   
    
   
 25     
   
    
   
 647         
   
   
   
 25         
   
 
   Restructured consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
    
   
    
   
      
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 244           
   
    
   
 12             
   
    
   
 281     
   
    
   
 12     
   
    
   
 325         
   
   
   
 12         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8           
   
    
   
 -             
   
    
   
 11     
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 17         
   
   
   
 -         
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 44           
   
    
   
 5             
   
    
   
 50     
   
    
   
 4     
   
    
   
 56         
   
   
   
 5         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total average impaired portfolio loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 1,469           
   
    
   
 60             
   
    
   
 1,677     
   
    
   
 52     
   
    
   
 1,946         
   
   
   
 58         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes five restructured loans associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp had no continuing
credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with an average recorded investment of $13 and $26 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. An immaterial amount of interest income was recognized during both the
years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion on the deconsolidation of the VIE associated with these loans in the third quarter of 2017.  
      134  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Nonperforming Assets  
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of the principal and/or interest
is uncertain; restructured commercial and credit card loans which have not yet met the requirements to be classified as a
 

  
performing asset; restructured consumer loans which are 90 days past due based on the restructured terms unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection; and certain other
assets, including OREO and other repossessed property.    
  The following table presents the Bancorp’s nonaccrual loans and leases, by class, and OREO
and other repossessed property as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
      
 2017          
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
 $ 
 193 
   
      
   
 276         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 11 
   
      
   
 19         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 2 
   
      
   
 7         
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 22 
   
      
   
 4         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonaccrual portfolio commercial loans and leases 
    
   
 228 
   
      
   
 306         
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 22 
   
      
   
 30         
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 69 
   
      
   
 74         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 1 
   
      
   
 1         
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 27 
   
      
   
 26         
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1 
   
      
   
 -         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonaccrual portfolio consumer loans 
    
   
 98 
   
      
   
 101         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonaccrual portfolio loans and
leases (a)(b) 
    
 $ 
 348 
   
      
   
 437         
   
 
     
   
 
   OREO and other repossessed property 
    
   
 47 
   
      
   
 52         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total nonperforming portfolio
assets (a)(b) 
    
 $ 
             395 
   
      
   
 489         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes  $ 16   and $6 of nonaccrual loans and
leases held for sale at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes  $ 6   and $3 of nonaccrual government
insured commercial loans whose repayments are insured by the SBA at  December  31, 2018   and 2017, respectively, of which
 $ 2  and $3 are restructured nonaccrual government insured commercial loans at  December  31, 2018  and 2017, respectively.
 
   
  The Bancorp’s recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real
estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction was $153 million and $235 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 Troubled Debt Restructurings    If
a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, the Bancorp may consider, in certain circumstances, modifying the terms of their loan to maximize collection of amounts due. Within each of the Bancorp’s loan classes, TDRs typically involve
either a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan, an extension of the loan’s maturity date with a stated rate lower than the current market rate for a new loan with similar risk, or in limited circumstances, a reduction of the
principal balance of the loan or the loan’s accrued interest. Modifying the terms of a loan may result in an increase or decrease to the ALLL depending upon the terms modified, the method used to measure the ALLL for a loan prior to
modification, and whether any charge-offs were recorded on the loan before or at the time of modification. Refer to the ALLL section of Note 1 for information on the Bancorp’s ALLL methodology. Upon
 
  
modification of a loan, the Bancorp measures the related impairment as the difference between the estimated future cash flows expected to be collected on the modified loan, discounted at the
original effective yield of the loan, and the carrying value of the loan. The resulting measurement may result in the need for minimal or no allowance because it is probable that all cash flows will be collected under the modified terms of the loan.
In addition, if the stated interest rate was increased in a TDR, the cash flows on the modified loan, using the  pre-modification  interest rate as the discount rate, often exceed the recorded investment of the
loan. Conversely, upon a modification that reduces the stated interest rate on a loan, the Bancorp recognizes an impairment loss as an increase to the ALLL. If a TDR involves a reduction of the principal balance of the loan or the loan’s
accrued interest, that amount is  charged-off  to the ALLL.    The Bancorp had
commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose terms have been modified in a TDR, consisting of line of credit and letter of credit commitments of $24 million and $67 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2018 compared
with $53 million and $78 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2017.    

      135  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables provide a summary of loans and leases, by class, modified in a TDR by
the Bancorp during the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 2018 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
 Number of Loans Modified in a TDR During the Year (b) 
   
    
   Recorded Investment in Loans Modified 
 in a TDR 
 During the Year 
   
    
   Increase (Decrease) 
 to ALLL Upon Modification 
   
    
 Charge-offs Recognized Upon Modification 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 54 
   
    
 $ 
           200     
   
    
   
 1      
   
    
   
 7         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 (1)     
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 1,128 
   
    
   
 168     
   
    
   
 4      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 111 
   
    
   
 7     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 84 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 7,483 
   
    
   
 37     
   
    
   
 9      
   
    
   
 2         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
 8,869 
   
    
 $ 
           415     
   
    
   
 13      
   
    
   
 9         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 2017 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
 Number of Loans Modified in a TDR During the Year (b) 
   
    
   Recorded Investment in Loans Modified 
 in a TDR 
 During the Year 
   
    
   Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 to ALLL Upon Modification 
   
    
 Charge-offs Recognized Upon Modification 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 75 
   
    
 $ 
           237     
   
    
   
 (5)     
   
    
   
 6         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 8     
   
    
   
 5      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 4     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 830 
   
    
   
 116     
   
    
   
 5      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 150 
   
    
   
 10     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 102 
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 8,085 
   
    
   
 38     
   
    
   
 8      
   
    
   
 1         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
 9,256 
   
    
 $ 
           413     
   
    
   
 13      
   
    
   
 7         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 2016 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
 Number of Loans Modified in a TDR During the Year (b) 
   
    
   Recorded Investment in Loans Modified 
 in a TDR 
 During the Year 
   
    
   Increase 
 to ALLL Upon Modification 
   
    
 Charge-offs Recognized Upon Modification 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 74 
   
    
 $ 
             183     
   
    
   
 14      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 11     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied loans 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 5     
   
    
   
 2      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 16     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 924 
   
    
   
 137     
   
    
   
 8      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 219 
   
    
   
 15     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 221 
   
    
   
 3     
   
    
   
 -      
   
    
   
 -         
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 9,519 
   
    
   
 43     
   
    
   
 8      
   
    
   
 4         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
 10,978 
   
    
 $ 
             413     
   
    
   
 32      
   
    
   
 4         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.
 
   
  The Bancorp considers TDRs that become 90 days or more past due under the modified terms as
subsequently defaulted. For commercial loans not subject to individual review for impairment, loss rates that are applied for purposes of determining the ALLL include historical losses associated with subsequent defaults on loans previously modified
in a TDR. For consumer loans, the Bancorp performs a qualitative assessment of the adequacy of the consumer ALLL by comparing the consumer ALLL to forecasted consumer losses over the projected loss emergence period (the forecasted losses include the
impact of subsequent defaults of
 

  
consumer TDRs). When a residential mortgage, home equity, automobile or other consumer loan that has been modified in a TDR subsequently defaults, the present value of expected cash flows used in
the measurement of the potential impairment loss is generally limited to the expected net proceeds from the sale of the loan’s underlying collateral and any resulting impairment loss is reflected as a
 charge-off  or an increase in ALLL. The Bancorp recognizes ALLL for the entire balance of the credit card loans modified in a TDR that subsequently default.
   

      136  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables provide a summary of TDRs that subsequently defaulted during the years
ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 and were within twelve months of the restructuring date:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
 
 December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
   
 Number of Contracts 
     
    
 
 
 
    
   
 Recorded Investment 
     
   
 
 
     
 
 Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 8 
   
    
     $ 
   
   
    
   
             61  
   
   
 
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
   
 
 
 Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 225 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 35  
   
   
 
 
 Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
         
   
   
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 10 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
   
 
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 655 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4  
   
   
 
 
     
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
 900 
   
    
     $ 
   
   
    
   
 100  
   
   
 
 
     
 
   (a)   Excludes all loans and leases held for sale
and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. 
        
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
 Number of Contracts 
   
    
   
   
    
 Recorded Investment 
   
   
   
 
     
 
 Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 7 
   
    
     $ 
   
   
    
   
 17  
   
   
 
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 4 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1  
   
   
 
 
 Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 172 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 24  
   
   
 
 
 Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
     
   
   
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 16 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2  
   
   
 
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 1,633 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 8  
   
   
 
 
     
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
 1,832 
   
    
     $ 
   
   
    
   
 52  
   
   
 
 
     
 
   (a)   Excludes all loans and leases held for sale
and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. 
        
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 December 31, 2016 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
 Number of Contracts 
   
    
   
   
    
 Recorded Investment 
   
   
   
 
     
 
 Commercial loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 8 
   
    
     $ 
   
   
    
   
 5  
   
   
 
 
   Commercial mortgage owner-occupied loans 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
   
 
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1  
   
   
 
 
 Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 172 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 25  
   
   
 
 
 Consumer loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
     
   
   
 
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 17 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1  
   
   
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -  
   
   
 
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 1,715 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 7  
   
   
 
 
     
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases 
    
   
 1,918 
   
    
     $ 
   
   
    
   
 39  
   
   
 
 
     
 
   (a)   Excludes all loans and leases held for sale
and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. 
        
   
 
 
      137  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  7. BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT  
     The following table provides a
summary of bank premises and equipment as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Estimated Useful Life 
   
    
 2018     
   
    
 2017     
   
 
     
   
 
   Land and improvements (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
                 586 
   
    
   
 644 
   
 
   Buildings (a) 
    
   
 2 - 30 yrs. 
   
    
   
 1,547 
   
    
   
 1,679 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 2 - 20 yrs. 
   
    
   
 1,987 
   
    
   
 1,876 
   
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 1 - 30 yrs. 
   
    
   
 403 
   
    
   
 399 
   
 
   Construction in
progress (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 81 
   
    
   
 93 
   
 
   Bank premises and equipment held for sale: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Land and improvements 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 25 
   
    
   
 17 
   
 
   Buildings 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 14 
   
    
   
 9 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (2,785 
 )  
    
   
 (2,715 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total bank premises and equipment 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,861 
   
    
   
 2,003 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   At  December  31, 2018  and 2017, land
and improvements, buildings and construction in progress included  $55  and $91, respectively, associated with parcels of undeveloped land intended for future branch expansion.  
   
  Depreciation and amortization expense related to bank premises and equipment was $238 million,
$234 million and $242 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    The
Bancorp monitors changing customer preferences associated with the channels it uses for banking transactions to evaluate the efficiency, competitiveness and quality of the customer service experience in its consumer distribution network. As part of
this ongoing assessment, the Bancorp may determine that it is no longer fully committed to maintaining full-service branches at certain of its existing banking center locations. Similarly, the Bancorp may also determine that it is no longer fully
committed to building banking centers on certain parcels of land which had previously been held for future branch expansion.  
 During the second quarter of 2018, the Bancorp adopted a plan to close approximately 100 to 125 branches over the next three
years (the “2018 Branch Optimization Plan”). As of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp closed 31 branches under the 2018 Branch Optimization Plan. The Bancorp expects to identify the remaining branches to be closed under the 2018 Branch
Optimization Plan prior to December 31, 2019. As part of the adoption of the 2018 Branch Optimization Plan, the Bancorp has also elected to sell 21
 

  
parcels of land which had previously been held for future branch expansion.  
 The Bancorp performs assessments of the recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying values may not be recoverable. Impairment losses associated with such assessments and lower of cost or market adjustments were $45 million, $7 million and $32 million for the years ended December 31, 2018,
2017 and 2016, respectively. The recognized impairment losses were recorded in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 Gross occupancy expense for cancelable and noncancelable leases, which is included in net occupancy expense in the
Consolidated Statements of Income, was $101 million, $101 million and $100 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and was reduced by rental income from leased premises of $12 million,
$13 million and $16 million during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Bancorp’s subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable operating lease and capital lease agreements with respect
to bank premises and equipment.    
      The following table provides the annual
future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases and capital leases for the years ending December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Noncancelable Operating Leases 
    
 Capital Leases     
   
 
     
   
 
   2019 
    
 $                                  86 
      
    
   
 6  
   
 
   2020 
    
 80       
    
   
 5  
   
 
   2021 
    
 67       
    
   
 4  
   
 
   2022 
    
 60       
    
   
 4  
   
 
   2023 
    
 54       
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
 256       
    
   
 1  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total minimum lease payments 
    
 $                                603   
    
    
   
 20  
   
 
   Less: Amounts representing interest 
    
 -       
    
   
 2  
   
 
     
   
 
   Present value of net minimum lease payments 
    
 $                                   
  -       
    
   
 18  
   
 
     
   
 
      138  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  8. GOODWILL      
  
 
  Business combinations entered into by the Bancorp typically result in the recognition of
goodwill. Acquisition activity includes acquisitions in the respective period in addition to purchase accounting adjustments related to previous acquisitions. The Bancorp completed its most recent annual goodwill impairment test as of
September 30, 2018 by performing a qualitative assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level to determine whether any indicators of impairment existed. In performing this qualitative assessment, the Bancorp evaluated events and
circumstances since the last impairment analysis, macroeconomic conditions, banking
 

  
industry and market conditions and key financial metrics of the Bancorp as well as reporting unit and overall Bancorp financial performance. After assessing the totality of the events and
circumstances, the Bancorp determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair values of the Commercial Banking, Branch Banking and Wealth and Asset Management reporting units were less than their respective carrying amounts and,
therefore, the first and second steps of the quantitative goodwill impairment test were deemed unnecessary.    
      Changes in the net
carrying amount of goodwill, by reporting unit, for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
 Commercial     Banking     
   
   
 Branch       Banking       
   
    
 Consumer Lending 
   
   
 Wealth and Asset Management 
   
    
   
   
    
 Total       
 
     
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 1,363 
   
   
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 215 
   
   
   
 148     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 3,381  
   
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (750 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (215 
 )  
   
   
 -     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (965) 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount as of December 31, 2016 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 613 
   
   
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 148     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,416  
   
 
   Acquisition activity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 29     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 29  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount as of December 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 613 
   
   
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 177     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,445  
   
 
   Acquisition activity 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 17 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 16     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 33  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount as of December 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 630 
   
   
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 193     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,478  
   
 
     
   
 
      139  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
  
 
  Intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles, customer relationships,  non-compete  agreements, trade names and rent intangibles. Intangible assets are amortized on either a straight-line
 

  
or an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The increase in gross carrying amount of intangible assets from the year ended December 31, 2017 reflects acquisition activity
during 2018.    
      The details of the
Bancorp’s intangible assets are shown in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
   
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net Carrying Amount 
   
    
   
   
 
     
   
 
   As of December 31, 2018 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Core deposit intangibles 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 34     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 4  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 32     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 29  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-compete  agreements 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 14     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 3  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 7     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 4  
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 87     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 40  
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   As of December 31, 2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Core deposit intangibles 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 34     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 5  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 16     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 16  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-compete  agreements 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 13     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 3  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 3  
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 69     
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 27  
   
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   
  As of December 31, 2018, all of the Bancorp’s intangible assets were being amortized.
Amortization expense recognized on intangible assets was $5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 and $2 million for both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. The Bancorp’s projections of amortization expense
 

  
shown in the following table are based on existing asset balances as of December 31, 2018. Future amortization expense may vary from these projections.
   
      Estimated amortization
expense for the years ending December 31, 2019 through 2023 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   2019 
    
 $ 
                 6         
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 4         
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 4         
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 3         
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 3         
   
 
     
   
 
      140  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  10. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  
  
 
  The Bancorp, in the normal course of business, engages in a variety of activities that involve
VIEs, which are legal entities that lack sufficient equity at risk to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support or the equity investors of the entities as a group lack any of the characteristics of a controlling
interest. The Bancorp evaluates its interest in certain entities to determine if these entities meet the definition of a VIE and whether the Bancorp is the primary beneficiary and should consolidate the entity based on the variable interests it held
both at inception and when there is a
 

  
change in circumstances that requires a reconsideration. If the Bancorp is determined to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE, it must account for the VIE as a consolidated subsidiary. If the
Bancorp is determined not to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE but holds a variable interest in the entity, such variable interests are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or other accounting standards as appropriate.   
   
      Consolidated VIEs  
 The following tables provide a summary of the classifications of consolidated VIE assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests included in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
     Automobile Loan         Securitizations  
   
   
      
 CDC Investments 
   
      
   Total 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
 $ 
   
   
      40 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 40 
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
   
   
        - 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 - 
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
   
   
    668 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 668 
   
 
   ALLL 
    
 
   
   
       (4) 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Other assets 
    
   
   
   
        5 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 5 
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
   
   
    709 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 709 
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 $ 
   
   
        1 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 1 
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
   
   
    606 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 606 
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
   
   
    607 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 607 
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
   
   
        - 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 - 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
      
   
   
   
      
   
   
   
 
 December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
    
   
 Automobile Loan Securitizations 
   
      
 CDC Investments 
   
      
 Total 
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
 $ 
   
   
       62 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
   62 
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
 
   
   
        - 
   
      
   
 20 
   
      
   
   20 
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 
   
   
 1,277 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 1,277 
   
 
   ALLL 
    
 
   
   
       (6) 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   Other assets 
    
   
   
   
        7 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
 7 
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
   
   
 1,340 
   
      
   
 20 
   
      
   
 1,360 
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 $ 
   
   
        2 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
      2 
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
   
   
 1,190 
   
      
   
   - 
   
      
   
   1,190 
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
   
   
 1,192 
   
      
   
    - 
   
      
   
    1,192 
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
   
   
        - 
   
      
   
 20 
   
      
   
   20 
   
 
   
  Automobile loan securitizations  
 In a securitization transaction that occurred in September of 2017, the Bancorp transferred an aggregate amount of $1.1 billion in
consumer automobile loans to a bankruptcy remote trust which was deemed to be a VIE. This trust then subsequently issued approximately $1.0 billion of asset-backed notes, of which approximately $261 million were retained by the Bancorp.
Refer to Note 15 for further information. Additionally, in prior years the Bancorp completed securitization transactions in which the Bancorp transferred certain consumer automobile loans to bankruptcy remote trusts which were also deemed to be
VIEs. The primary purposes of the VIEs were to issue asset-backed securities with varying levels of credit subordination and payment priority, as well as residual interests, and to provide the Bancorp with access to liquidity for its originated
loans. The Bancorp retained residual interests in the VIEs and, therefore, has an obligation to absorb losses and a right to receive benefits from the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. In addition, the Bancorp retained
servicing rights for the underlying loans and, therefore, holds the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most
 

  
significantly impact the economic performance of the VIEs. As a result, the Bancorp concluded that it is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and has consolidated these VIEs. The assets of the
VIEs are restricted to the settlement of the asset-backed securities and other obligations of the VIEs. Third-party holders of the notes do not have recourse to the general assets of the Bancorp.  
 The economic performance of the VIEs is most significantly impacted by the performance of the underlying loans. The
principal risks to which the VIEs are exposed include credit risk and prepayment risk. The credit and prepayment risks are managed through credit enhancements in the form of reserve accounts, overcollateralization, excess interest on the loans and
the subordination of certain classes of asset-backed securities to other classes.    CDC investments  
 CDC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp, was created to invest in projects to create affordable housing, revitalize business
and residential areas and preserve historic landmarks. CDC generally  co-invests  with other unrelated companies and/or individuals and typically makes investments in a separate legal entity that owns the
property under development.    

      141  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
The entities are usually formed as limited partnerships and LLCs and CDC typically invests as a limited partner/investor member in the form of equity contributions. The economic performance of
the VIEs is driven by the performance of their underlying investment projects as well as the VIEs’ ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments.
The Bancorp’s subsidiaries serve as the managing member of certain LLCs invested in business revitalization projects and have the right to make decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of the LLCs. Additionally, the
investor members do not have substantive  kick-out  rights or substantive participating rights over the managing member. The Bancorp has provided an indemnification guarantee to the investor member of these LLCs
related to the qualification of tax credits generated by the investor members’ investment. Accordingly, the Bancorp concluded that it is the primary beneficiary and, therefore, has consolidated these VIEs. As a result, the investor
members’ interests in these VIEs are presented as noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation includes reporting separately the equity attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated
 

  
Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and reporting separately the comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income and the net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Bancorp’s indemnification guarantee for one of the CDC investments for which a
Bancorp subsidiary served as the managing member expired and the Bancorp transferred its remaining ownership interest in the VIE to the investor member thus removing the Bancorp from future operations of the VIE. As a result, the Bancorp
deconsolidated the VIE during the fourth quarter of 2018 resulting in a decrease of $20 million in commercial mortgage loans and a decrease of $19 million in indemnification guarantee exposure.  
 During the third quarter of 2017, the Bancorp’s indemnification guarantee for one of the CDC investments for which a
Bancorp subsidiary served as the managing member expired and the Bancorp transferred its remaining ownership interest in the VIE to the investor member thus removing the Bancorp from future operations of the VIE. As a result, the Bancorp
deconsolidated the VIE during the third quarter of 2017.    
    
 Non-consolidated  VIEs  
 The following tables provide a summary of assets and liabilities carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to  non-consolidated  VIEs for which the Bancorp holds an interest, but is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE, as well as the Bancorp’s maximum exposure to losses associated with its interests in the entities as
of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
   Total          
 Assets          
   
    
   Total           Liabilities         
    
 Maximum          Exposure          
   
 
     
   
 
   CDC investments 
    
 $ 
 1,198         
   
    
 376         
    
   
 1,198           
   
 
   Private equity investments 
    
   
 41         
   
    
 -         
    
   
 73           
   
 
   Loans provided to VIEs 
    
   
 2,331         
   
    
 -         
    
   
 3,617           
   
 
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
   Total          
 Assets          
   
    
   Total           Liabilities         
    
 Maximum          Exposure          
   
 
     
   
 
   CDC investments 
    
 $ 
             1,264         
   
    
 355         
    
   
 1,264           
   
 
   Private equity investments 
    
   
 102         
   
    
 -         
    
   
 150           
   
 
   Loans provided to VIEs 
    
   
 1,845         
   
    
 -         
    
   
 2,910           
   
 
     
   
 
   
  CDC investments  
 As noted previously, CDC typically invests in VIEs as a limited partner or investor member in the form of equity contributions and has no
substantive  kick-out  or substantive participating rights over the managing member. The Bancorp has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs because it lacks the power to direct the
activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the underlying project or the VIEs’ ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity
investments. This power is held by the managing members who exercise full and exclusive control of the operations of the VIEs. For information regarding the Bancorp’s accounting for these investments, refer to Note 1.  
 During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Bancorp recognized $57 million, as adjusted, of impairment on certain affordable
housing investments primarily due to the change in the federal statutory corporate tax rate pursuant to the TCJA. This impairment charge was recorded in applicable income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income and reflects the impact
of the change in accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments. Refer to Note 1 for further information and refer to Note 26 for further information on the impairment charge.
 
  The Bancorp’s funding requirements are limited to its invested capital
and any additional unfunded commitments for future equity contributions. The Bancorp’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the VIEs is limited to the carrying amounts of the investments, including the unfunded
commitments. The carrying amounts of these investments, which are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the liabilities related to the unfunded commitments, which are included in other liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, are included in the previous tables for all periods presented. The Bancorp has no other liquidity arrangements or obligations to purchase assets of the VIEs that would expose the Bancorp to a loss. In certain arrangements, the
general partner/managing member of the VIE has guaranteed a level of projected tax credits to be received by the limited partners/investor members, thereby minimizing a portion of the Bancorp’s risk.  
 At both December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp’s CDC investments included $1.1 billion of investments in
affordable housing tax credits recognized in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unfunded commitments related to these investments were $374 million and $355 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The
unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2018 are expected to be funded from 2019 to 2034.    

      142  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The Bancorp has accounted for all of its qualifying LIHTC investments using the proportional
amortization method of accounting. The following table summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to investments in qualified affordable housing investments:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
   
                 Consolidated Statements of 
                     Income Caption (a) 
      
 2018          
   
      
 2017          
   
      
 2016               
   
 
     
   
 
   Proportional amortization 
   
   Applicable income tax expense 
      
 $ 
                 154  
   
      
   
 223  
   
      
   
 153       
   
 
   Tax credits and other benefits 
   
   Applicable income tax expense 
      
   
 (192) 
   
      
   
         (220) 
   
      
   
 (210)      
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The Bancorp did not recognize impairment losses resulting from the forfeiture or ineligibility of tax
credits or other circumstances during the years ended  December  31, 2018,  2017 and 2016. The Bancorp recognized $57, as adjusted, of impairment losses primarily due to the change in
the federal statutory corporate tax rate during the year ended December 31, 2017.  
   
  Private equity investments  
 The Bancorp, through Fifth Third Capital Holdings, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp, invests as a limited partner in private
equity investments which provide the Bancorp an opportunity to obtain higher rates of return on invested capital, while also creating cross-selling opportunities for the Bancorp’s commercial products. Each of the limited partnerships has an
unrelated third-party general partner responsible for appointing the fund manager. The Bancorp has not been appointed fund manager for any of these private equity investments. The funds finance primarily all of their activities from the
partners’ capital contributions and investment returns. The Bancorp has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the funds because it does not have the obligation to absorb the funds’ expected losses or the right to receive the
funds’ expected residual returns that could potentially be significant to the funds and lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the funds. The Bancorp, as a limited partner, does not
have substantive participating or substantive  kick-out  rights over the general partner. Therefore, the Bancorp accounts for its investments in these limited partnerships under the equity method of accounting.
   The Bancorp is exposed to losses arising from the negative performance of the underlying investments in the private
equity investments. As a limited partner, the Bancorp’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying amounts of the investments plus unfunded commitments. The carrying amounts of these investments, which are included in other assets in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are presented in previous tables. Also, at December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp’s unfunded commitment amounts to the private equity funds were $32 million and $48 million, respectively. As part
of previous commitments, the Bancorp made capital contributions to private equity investments of $7 million and $11 million during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Bancorp recognized $8 million,
$1 million and $9 million of OTTI primarily associated with certain nonconforming
 

  
investments affected by the Volcker Rule during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Additionally, the Bancorp recognized a gain of $11 million on the sales
of certain private equity funds during the year ended December 31, 2017. Refer to Note 26 for further information.    Loans provided to VIEs
   The Bancorp has provided funding to certain unconsolidated VIEs sponsored by third parties. These VIEs are generally established to
finance certain consumer and small business loans originated by third parties. The entities are primarily funded through the issuance of a loan from the Bancorp or a syndication through which the Bancorp is involved. The sponsor/administrator of the
entities is responsible for servicing the underlying assets in the VIEs. Because the sponsor/administrator, not the Bancorp, holds the servicing responsibilities, which include the establishment and employment of default mitigation policies and
procedures, the Bancorp does not hold the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entity and, therefore, is not the primary beneficiary.  
 The principal risk to which these entities are exposed is credit risk related to the underlying assets. The Bancorp’s
maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying amounts of the loans and unfunded commitments to the VIEs. The Bancorp’s outstanding loans to these VIEs are included in commercial loans in Note 5. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the
Bancorp’s unfunded commitments to these entities were $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. The loans and unfunded commitments to these VIEs are included in the Bancorp’s overall analysis of the ALLL and reserve for
unfunded commitments, respectively. The Bancorp does not provide any implicit or explicit liquidity guarantees or principal value guarantees to these VIEs.
   

      143  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  11. SALES OF RECEIVABLES AND SERVICING RIGHTS  
  
 
  Residential Mortgage Loan Sales  
 The Bancorp sold fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. In those
sales, the Bancorp obtained servicing responsibilities and provided certain standard representations and warranties, however the investors have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for
 

  
failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp receives servicing fees based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. The Bancorp identifies classes of servicing assets based on financial
asset type and interest rates.    
      Information related to
residential mortgage loan sales and the Bancorp’s mortgage banking activity, which is included in mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income, for the years ended December 31 is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018   
   
    
 2017   
   
    
 2016       
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loan
sales (a) 
    
 $ 
             5,078 
   
    
   
             6,369 
   
    
   
             6,927 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Origination fees and gains on loan sales 
    
   
 100 
   
    
   
 138 
   
    
   
 186 
   
 
   Gross mortgage servicing fees 
    
   
 216 
   
    
   
 206 
   
    
   
 199 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Represents the unpaid principal balance at the time of the sale.  
   
  Servicing Rights  
 The Bancorp measures all of its servicing rights at fair value with changes in fair value reported in mortgage banking net revenue in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  
      
   
      The following table
presents changes in the servicing rights related to residential mortgage loans for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   ($ in millions) 
    
   
 2018     
   
   
   
 2017     
   
   
   
      
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
                         858 
   
   
   
                 744 
   
   
 
 
 
 
    Servicing rights originated - residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 81 
   
   
   
 127 
   
   
 
 
 
 
    Servicing rights acquired - residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 82 
   
   
   
 109 
   
   
 
 
 
 
    Changes in fair value: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
    Due to changes in inputs or
assumptions (a) 
    
   
 42 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
    Other changes in fair
value (b) 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (121 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 938 
   
   
   
 858 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Primarily reflects changes in prepayment speed and OAS spread assumptions which are updated based on
market interest rates.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Primarily reflects changes due to collection of contractual cash flows and the passage of time.
 
   
  The Bancorp maintains a  non-qualifying  hedging strategy
to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in the value of the MSR portfolio. This strategy may include the purchase of free-standing derivatives and various
 available-for-sale  and trading securities. The interest income,  mark-to-market 
adjustments and
 

  
gain or loss from sale activities associated with these portfolios are expected to economically hedge a portion of the change in value of the MSR portfolio caused by fluctuating OAS spreads,
earnings rates and prepayment speeds. The fair value of the servicing asset is based on the present value of expected future cash flows.
   
      The following table
presents activity related to valuations of the MSR portfolio and the impact of the  non-qualifying  hedging strategy for the years ended December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018   
   
   
 2017       
   
    
 2016 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Securities (losses) gains, net -  non-qualifying  hedges on
MSRs 
    
 $ 
 (15)       
   
   
   
 2        
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge
the MSR portfolio (a) 
    
   
 (21)       
   
   
   
         2        
   
    
   
         24 
   
   
   
      
   
 
   MSR fair value adjustment due to changes in inputs or assumptions (a) 
    
   
             42        
   
   
   
 (1)       
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Recovery of MSR
impairment (a) 
    
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -        
   
    
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Included in mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
   The key economic assumptions used in measuring the interests in residential mortgage loans that continued to be
held by the Bancorp at the date of sale, securitization, or purchase resulting from transactions completed during the years ended December 31 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
   
    
 2018 
   
 
 2017         
   
 
   
    
 Rate 
    
         Weighted-         Average Life         (in years) 
   
    
     Prepayment     Speed     (annual) 
   
   
 OAS Spread         (bps)         
   
         Weighted-         Average Life         (in years) 
    
     Prepayment     Speed     (annual) 
   
   
 OAS Spread (bps) 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Servicing rights 
    
 Fixed 
    
   
 6.6 
   
    
   
 10.5  
 %  
   
 522     
   
 7.5 
    
   
 9.1  
 %  
   
   
   497 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Servicing rights 
    
 Adjustable 
    
   
 2.6 
   
    
   
 30.3  
   
   
 647     
   
 2.7 
    
   
 32.1  
   
   
   
   660 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
      144  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  
  Based on historical credit experience, expected credit losses for residential mortgage loan
servicing rights have been deemed immaterial, as the Bancorp sold the majority of the underlying loans without recourse. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp serviced $63.2 billion and $60.0 billion, respectively, of residential
 

  
mortgage loans for other investors. The value of MSRs that continue to be held by the Bancorp is subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the sold financial assets.
   
      At December 31, 2018,
the sensitivity of the current fair value of residual cash flows to immediate 10%, 20% and 50% adverse changes in prepayment speed assumptions and immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in OAS spread are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   Prepayment 
 Speed Assumption 
   
   
   
   
    
   OAS 
 Spread Assumption 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) (a) 
    
 Rate 
   
    
   Fair 
 Value 
   
    
   Weighted- Average Life 
 (in years) 
   
    
   
   
   
 Impact of Adverse Change on Fair Value 
   
    
   OAS Spread 
 (bps) 
   
    
     
 Impact of Adverse Change on Fair Value 
   
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    
   
     Rate 
   
   
   
 10% 
   
    
   
 20% 
   
   
   
 50% 
   
    
   
 10% 
   
   
   
 20%     
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Servicing rights 
    
   
 Fixed 
   
    
 $ 
         925 
   
    
   
 6.2   
   
    
   
 10.2  
 %  
   
 $ 
       (36) 
   
    
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 (158) 
   
    
   
 534   
   
    
 $ 
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (35)     
   
 
   Servicing rights 
    
   
 Adjustable 
   
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 3.5   
   
    
   
 23.0  
   
   
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (3) 
   
    
   
 863   
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (1)     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The impact of the weighted-average default rate on the current fair value of residual cash flows for all
scenarios is immaterial.  
   
  These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate,
changes in fair value based on these variations in the assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. The Bancorp believes variations of these levels
are reasonably possible; however, there is the potential that adverse changes in key assumptions could be even greater.
 

  
Also, in the previous table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp is calculated without changing any
other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for example, increases in market interest rates may result in lower prepayments), which might magnify or counteract these sensitivities.
   

      145  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  12. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  
 
  The Bancorp maintains an overall risk management strategy that incorporates the use of
derivative instruments to reduce certain risks related to interest rate, prepayment and foreign currency volatility. Additionally, the Bancorp holds derivative instruments for the benefit of its commercial customers and for other business purposes.
The Bancorp does not enter into unhedged speculative derivative positions.    The Bancorp’s interest rate risk
management strategy involves modifying the repricing characteristics of certain financial instruments so that changes in interest rates do not adversely affect the Bancorp’s net interest margin and cash flows. Derivative instruments that the
Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, forward starting interest rate swaps, options, swaptions and TBA securities. Interest
rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest payments, such as fixed-rate payments for floating-rate payments, based on a stated notional amount and maturity date. Interest rate floors protect against declining rates, while interest rate caps
protect against rising interest rates. Forward contracts are contracts in which the buyer agrees to purchase, and the seller agrees to make delivery of, a specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. Options provide the purchaser
with the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell a contracted item during a specified period at an agreed upon price. Swaptions are financial instruments granting the owner the right, but not the obligation, to enter into or cancel a
swap.    Prepayment volatility arises mostly from changes in fair value of the largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio, mortgage
loans and mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate floors, mortgage options, TBA securities and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge
prepayment volatility. Principal-only swaps are total return swaps based on changes in the value of the underlying mortgage principal-only trust.   TBA securities are a forward purchase agreement for a mortgage-backed securities trade whereby
the terms of the security are undefined at the time the trade is made.    Foreign currency volatility occurs as the
Bancorp enters into certain loans denominated in foreign currencies. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts.  
 The Bancorp also enters into derivative contracts (including foreign exchange contracts, commodity contracts and interest
rate contracts) for the benefit of commercial customers and other business purposes. The Bancorp economically hedges significant exposures related to these free-standing derivatives by entering into offsetting third-party contracts with approved,
reputable and independent counterparties with substantially matching terms and currencies. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The Bancorp’s exposure is limited to the
replacement value of the contracts rather than the notional, principal or contract amounts. Credit risk is minimized through credit approvals, limits, counterparty collateral and monitoring procedures.  
 The fair value of derivative instruments is presented on a gross basis, even when the derivative instruments are subject to
master netting arrangements. Derivative instruments with a positive fair value are reported in other assets in the Consolidated Balance
 

  
Sheets while derivative instruments with a negative fair value are reported in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash collateral payables and receivables associated with the
derivative instruments are not added to or netted against the fair value amounts with the exception of certain variation margin payments that are considered legal settlements of the derivative contracts. For derivative contracts cleared through
certain central clearing parties who have modified their rules to treat variation margin payments as settlements, the variation margin payments are applied to net the fair value of the respective derivative contracts.  
 The Bancorp’s derivative assets include certain contractual features in which the Bancorp requires the counterparties
to provide collateral in the form of cash and securities to offset changes in the fair value of the derivatives, including changes in the fair value due to credit risk of the counterparty. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the balance of
collateral held by the Bancorp for derivative assets was $481 million and $409 million, respectively. For derivative contracts cleared through certain central clearing parties who have modified their rules to treat variation margin
payments as settlement of the derivative contract, the payments for variation margin of $249 million were applied to reduce the respective derivative contracts and were also not included in the total amount of collateral held as of
December 31, 2018. The credit component negatively impacting the fair value of derivative assets associated with customer accommodation contracts was $3 million as of both December 31, 2018 and 2017.  
 In measuring the fair value of derivative liabilities, the Bancorp considers its own credit risk, taking into consideration
collateral maintenance requirements of certain derivative counterparties and the duration of instruments with counterparties that do not require collateral maintenance. When necessary, the Bancorp posts collateral primarily in the form of cash and
securities to offset changes in fair value of the derivatives, including changes in fair value due to the Bancorp’s credit risk. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the balance of collateral posted by the Bancorp for derivative liabilities
was $551 million and $365 million, respectively. Additionally, $23 million of variation margin payments were applied to the respective derivative contracts to reduce the Bancorp’s derivative liabilities as of December 31,
2018 and were also not included in the total amount of collateral posted. Certain of the Bancorp’s derivative liabilities contain credit-risk related contingent features that could result in the requirement to post additional collateral upon
the occurrence of specified events. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of the additional collateral that could be required to be posted as a result of the credit-risk related contingent features being triggered was immaterial to
the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements.   The posting of collateral has been determined to remove the need for further consideration of credit risk. As a result, the Bancorp determined that the impact of the Bancorp’s credit
risk to the valuation of its derivative liabilities was immaterial to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The Bancorp holds certain derivative instruments that qualify for hedge accounting treatment and are designated as either
fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. Derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, or for which hedge accounting is not established, are held as free-standing derivatives. All customer accommodation derivatives are
held as free-standing derivatives.    

      146  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables reflect the notional amounts and fair values for all derivative instruments included in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
 December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
 Notional     Amount     
   
   
 Derivative Assets 
   
    
     Derivative     Liabilities 
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivatives Designated as Qualifying Hedging Instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value hedges: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps related to long-term debt 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 3,455 
   
   
   
 262 
   
    
   
 2  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total fair value hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 262 
   
    
   
 2  
   
 
     
   
 
   Cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate floors related to C&I loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 3,000 
   
   
   
 69 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Interest rate swaps related to C&I loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 8,000 
   
   
   
 15 
   
    
   
 27  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total cash flow hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 84 
   
    
   
 27  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total derivatives designated as qualifying hedging instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 346 
   
    
   
 29  
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Qualifying Hedging Instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Free-standing derivatives - risk management and other business purposes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts related to MSR portfolio 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 10,045 
   
   
   
 40 
   
    
   
 14  
   
 
   Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 926 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 8  
   
 
   Swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,174 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 125  
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 133 
   
   
   
 4 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total free-standing derivatives - risk management and other business purposes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 44 
   
    
   
 147 
   
 
     
   
 
   Free-standing derivatives - customer accommodation: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 55,012 
   
   
   
 262 
   
    
   
 278  
   
 
   Interest rate lock commitments 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 407 
   
   
   
 7 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 6,511 
   
   
   
 307 
   
    
   
 278  
   
 
   TBA securities 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 18 
   
   
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 13,205 
   
   
   
 148 
   
    
   
 142  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total free-standing derivatives - customer accommodation 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 724 
   
    
   
 698  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total derivatives not designated as qualifying hedging instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 768 
   
    
   
 845  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
                 1,114 
   
    
   
 874  
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
 December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
    
 Notional     Amount     
   
   
 Derivative Assets 
   
    
     Derivative     Liabilities 
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivatives Designated as Qualifying Hedging Instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value hedges: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps related to long-term debt 
    
 $ 
   
   
    
   
 3,705 
   
   
   
 297 
   
    
   
 5  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total fair value hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 297 
   
    
   
 5  
   
 
     
   
 
   Cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps related to C&I loans 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4,475 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 12  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total cash flow hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 12  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total derivatives designated as qualifying hedging instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 297 
   
    
   
 17  
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Qualifying Hedging Instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Free-standing derivatives - risk management and other business purposes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts related to MSR portfolio 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 11,035 
   
   
   
 54 
   
    
   
 15  
   
 
   Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,284 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1  
   
 
   Stock warrant 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 20 
   
   
   
 20 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,900 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 137  
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 112 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 1  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total free-standing derivatives - risk management and other business purposes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 75 
   
    
   
 154  
   
 
     
   
 
   Free-standing derivatives - customer accommodation: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 42,216 
   
   
   
 154 
   
    
   
 145  
   
 
   Interest rate lock commitments 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 446 
   
   
   
 8 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4,125 
   
   
   
 165 
   
    
   
 167  
   
 
   TBA securities 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 26 
   
   
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 12,654 
   
   
   
 124 
   
    
   
 119  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total free-standing derivatives - customer accommodation 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 451 
   
    
   
 431  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total derivatives not designated as qualifying hedging instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 526 
   
    
   
 585  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 823 
   
    
   
 602  
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Fair Value Hedges  
 The Bancorp may enter into interest rate swaps to convert its fixed-rate funding to floating-rate. Decisions to convert fixed-rate funding to
floating are made primarily through consideration of the
 

  
asset/liability mix of the Bancorp, the desired asset/liability sensitivity and interest rate levels. As of December 31, 2018, certain interest rate swaps met the criteria required to
qualify for the shortcut method of accounting that permits the assumption of perfect offset.
   

      147  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
For all designated fair value hedges of interest rate risk as of December 31, 2018 that were not accounted for under the shortcut method of accounting, the Bancorp performed an assessment of
hedge effectiveness using regression analysis with changes in
 

  
the fair value of the derivative instrument and changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability attributable to the hedged risk recorded in the same income statement line in current
period net income.    
      The following table
reflects the change in fair value of interest rate contracts, designated as fair value hedges, as well as the change in fair value of the related hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged, included in the Consolidated Statements of Income:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 Consolidated Statements of Income Caption 
   
    
 2018  
   
    
 2017  
   
    
 2016        
   
 
     
   
 
   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps hedging long-term debt 
    
   
 Interest on long-term debt 
   
    
 $ 
             (36) 
   
    
   
 (33) 
   
    
   
         (59)       
   
 
   Change in fair value of hedged long-term debt attributable to the risk being hedged 
    
   
 Interest on long-term debt 
   
    
   
 41  
   
    
   
 31  
   
    
   
 54        
   
 
     
   
   The following amounts were recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to cumulative basis
adjustments for fair value hedges as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
   
     Consolidated Balance Sheets Caption 
    
 December 31, 2018   
   
 
     
   
 
   Carrying amount of the hedged items 
   
 Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
                         3,991           
   
   
 
   Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustments included in the carrying amount of the hedged
items 
   
 Long-term debt 
    
   
 (254)              
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Cash Flow Hedges  
 The Bancorp may enter into interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate assets and liabilities to fixed rates or to hedge certain forecasted
transactions for the variability in cash flows attributable to the contractually specified interest rate. The assets or liabilities may be grouped in circumstances where they share the same risk exposure that the Bancorp desires to hedge. The
Bancorp may also enter into interest rate caps and floors to limit cash flow variability of floating-rate assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2018, hedges designated as cash flow hedges were assessed for effectiveness using either
regression analysis (quantitative approach) or a qualitative approach. The entire change in the fair value of the interest rate swap included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness is recorded in AOCI and reclassified from AOCI to current period
earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. As of December 31, 2018, the maximum length of time over which the Bancorp is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows is 72 months.
 
  Reclassified gains and losses on interest rate contracts related to
commercial and industrial loans are recorded within interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, $160 million of net deferred gains, net of tax and $9 million of net deferred losses, net
of tax, respectively, on cash flow hedges were recorded in AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2018, $10 million in net unrealized losses, net of tax, recorded in AOCI are expected to be reclassified into earnings
during the next twelve months. This amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge  de-designations,  and the addition of other hedges subsequent to
December 31, 2018.    During the years ended 2018 and 2017, there were no gains or losses reclassified from AOCI into
earnings associated with the discontinuance of cash flow hedges because it was probable that the original forecasted transaction would no longer occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within the additional period of time as
defined by U.S. GAAP.    
      The following table
presents the  pre-tax  net gains (losses) recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income and in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income relating to derivative instruments designated as cash flow
hedges:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
      
 2017 (a)   
   
      
 2016 (a)           
   
 
     
   
 
   Amount of  pre-tax  net gains (losses) recognized in
OCI 
    
 $ 
             214 
   
      
   
         (11)   
   
      
   
         30            
   
 
   Amount of  pre-tax  net (losses) gains reclassified from
OCI into net income 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
      
   
 19    
   
      
   
         48            
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   For both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the amount of
 pre-tax  net losses recognized in OCI represented the effective portion of the cumulative gains or losses on cash flow hedges and ineffectiveness was reported within noninterest income. Upon the adoption of ASU
 2017-12,  the Bancorp recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings effective January 1, 2018 related to the elimination of the separate measurement of ineffectiveness. Refer to Note 1 for
additional information.  
   
  Free-Standing Derivative Instruments – Risk Management and Other Business Purposes  
 As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the Bancorp may enter into various free-standing
derivatives (principal-only swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate floors, mortgage options, TBA securities and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge changes in fair value of its largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio. Principal-only swaps
hedge the mortgage-LIBOR spread because these swaps appreciate in value as a result of tightening spreads. Principal-only swaps also provide prepayment protection by increasing in value when prepayment speeds increase, as opposed to MSRs that lose
value in a faster prepayment environment. Receive fixed/pay floating interest rate swaps and swaptions increase in value when interest rates do not increase as quickly as expected.
 
  The Bancorp enters into forward contracts and mortgage options to
economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. IRLCs issued on residential mortgage loan commitments that will be held for sale are also considered free-standing
derivative instruments and the interest rate exposure on these commitments is economically hedged primarily with forward contracts. Revaluation gains and losses from free-standing derivatives related to mortgage banking activity are recorded as a
component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    In conjunction with the initial
sale of the Bancorp’s 51% interest in Vantiv Holding, LLC (now Worldpay Holding, LLC) in 2009, the Bancorp received a warrant which was accounted for as a free-standing derivative. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Bancorp
exercised the remaining portion of the warrant.    

      148  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  In conjunction with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares in 2009, the
Bancorp entered into a total return swap in which the Bancorp will make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate of the Class B Shares into Class A
 

  
Shares. This total return swap is accounted for as a free-standing derivative. Refer to Note 26 for further discussion of significant inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of this
instrument.    
      The net gains (losses)
recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to free-standing derivative instruments used for risk management and other business purposes are summarized in the following table:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
   
 Consolidated Statements of Income Caption 
      
 2018 
   
      
 2017 
   
    
 2016       
   
 
     
   
 
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale 
   
 Mortgage banking net revenue 
      
 $ 
         (8)      
   
      
   
 (17 
 )  
    
   
 14      
   
 
   Interest rate contracts related to MSR portfolio 
   
 Mortgage banking net revenue 
      
   
 (21)      
   
      
   
 2 
   
    
   
 24      
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts for risk management purposes 
   
 Other noninterest income 
      
   
 10       
   
      
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 2      
   
 
   Equity contracts: 
   
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock warrant associated with Worldpay Holding, LLC 
   
 Other noninterest income 
      
   
 -       
   
      
   
 - 
   
    
   
 73   (a) 
   
 
   Stock warrant 
   
 Other noninterest income 
      
   
 -       
   
      
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Swap associated with sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
   
 Other noninterest income 
      
   
 (59)     
   
      
   
 (80 
 )  
    
   
 (56)     
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
   (a) 
   The Bancorp recognized a net gain of $9 on the exercise of the remaining warrant during the fourth quarter
of 2016.  
   
  Free-Standing Derivative Instruments – Customer Accommodation  
 The majority of the free-standing derivative instruments the Bancorp enters into are for the benefit of its commercial customers. These
derivative contracts are not designated against specific assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to forecasted transactions and, therefore, do not qualify for hedge accounting. These instruments include foreign exchange
derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and commodity contracts to hedge such items as natural gas and various other
derivative contracts. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts with approved, reputable, independent counterparties
with substantially matching terms. The Bancorp hedges its interest rate exposure on commercial customer transactions by executing offsetting swap agreements with primary dealers. Revaluation gains and losses on interest rate, foreign exchange,
commodity and other commercial customer derivative contracts are recorded as a component of corporate banking revenue or other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
 
  The Bancorp enters into risk participation agreements, under which the
Bancorp assumes credit exposure relating to certain underlying interest rate derivative contracts. The Bancorp only enters into these risk participation agreements in instances in which the Bancorp has participated in the loan that the underlying
interest rate derivative contract was designed to hedge. The Bancorp will make payments under these agreements if a customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the terms of the underlying interest rate derivative contract. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the total notional amount of the risk participation agreements was $4.0 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, and the fair value was a liability of $8 million at December 31, 2018 and
$5 million at December 31, 2017, which is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2018, the risk participation agreements had a weighted-average remaining life of 3.5 years.  
 The Bancorp’s maximum exposure in the risk participation agreements is contingent on the fair value of the underlying
interest rate derivative contracts in an asset position at the time of default. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with the underlying customers in the risk participation agreements through the same risk grading system currently
utilized for establishing loss reserves in its loan and lease portfolio.    
      Risk ratings of the
notional amount of risk participation agreements under this risk rating system are summarized in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 At December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018       
   
      
 2017           
   
 
     
   
 
   Pass 
    
 $ 
                 3,919 
   
      
   
 2,748     
   
 
   Special mention 
    
   
 79 
   
      
   
 66     
   
 
   Substandard 
    
   
 4 
   
      
   
 24     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,002 
   
      
   
 2,838     
   
 
     
   
 
      149  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The net gains (losses) recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to
free-standing derivative instruments used for customer accommodation are summarized in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
   
 Consolidated Statements of Income Caption 
   
 2018 
   
   
     2017 
   
   
 2016         
   
 
     
   
 
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts for customers (contract revenue) 
   
 Corporate banking revenue 
   
 $ 
           32 
   
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 22       
   
 
   Interest rate contracts for customers (credit losses) 
   
 Other noninterest expense 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 -       
   
 
   Interest rate contracts for customers (credit portion of fair value adjustment) 
   
 Other noninterest expense 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1       
   
 
   Interest rate lock commitments 
   
 Mortgage banking net revenue 
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
 114       
   
 
   Commodity contracts: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity contracts for customers (contract revenue) 
   
 Corporate banking revenue 
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 6       
   
 
   Commodity contracts for customers (credit losses) 
   
 Other noninterest expense 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (1)      
   
 
   Commodity contracts for customers (credit portion of fair value adjustment) 
   
 Other noninterest expense 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1       
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts for customers (contract revenue) 
   
 Corporate banking revenue 
   
   
 55 
   
   
   
 48 
   
   
   
 62       
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts for customers (contract revenue) 
   
 Other noninterest income 
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -       
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts for customers (credit losses) 
   
 Other noninterest expense 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (2)      
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts for customers (credit portion of fair value adjustment) 
   
 Other noninterest expense 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Offsetting Derivative Financial Instruments  
 The Bancorp’s derivative transactions are generally governed by ISDA Master Agreements and similar arrangements, which include provisions
governing the setoff of assets and liabilities between the parties. When the Bancorp has more than one outstanding derivative transaction with a single counterparty, the setoff provisions contained within these agreements generally allow the  non-defaulting  party the right to reduce its liability to the defaulting party by amounts eligible for setoff, including the collateral received as well as eligible offsetting transactions with that counterparty,
irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office. The
 

  
Bancorp’s policy is to present its derivative assets and derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis, even when provisions allowing for setoff are in place.
However, for derivative contracts cleared through certain central clearing parties who have modified their rules to treat variation margin payments as settlements, the fair value of the respective derivative contracts are reported net of the
variation margin payments.    Collateral amounts included in the tables below consist primarily of cash and highly-rated
government-backed securities and do not include variation margin payments for derivative contracts with legal rights of setoff for both periods shown.
   
      The following tables
provide a summary of offsetting derivative financial instruments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
   Gross Amount Recognized in the 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (a) 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
   
    
   
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
         Derivatives         
   
    
     Collateral (b)           
   
    
 Net Amount   
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
     $ 
 1,107         
   
    
   
 (410) 
   
    
   
 (348)    
   
    
   
 349   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 1,107         
   
    
   
 (410) 
   
    
   
 (348)    
   
    
   
 349   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 874         
   
    
   
 (410) 
   
    
   
 (123)    
   
    
   
 341   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
     $ 
 874         
   
    
   
 (410) 
   
    
   
 (123)    
   
    
   
 341   
   
 
     
   
 
   (a)   Amount does not include IRLCs because these
instruments are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. 
 (b)   Amount of collateral received as an offset to asset positions or pledged as
an offset to liability positions. Collateral values in excess of related derivative amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were excluded from this table. 
   
        
      
 
 
     
   
 
   
    
 Gross Amount Recognized in the 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
   
    
   
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (a) 
   
    
     Derivatives       
   
    
     Collateral (b)       
   
    
 Net Amount   
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
     $ 
 815         
   
    
   
 (213) 
   
    
   
 (362)    
   
    
   
 240   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 815         
   
    
   
 (213) 
   
    
   
 (362)    
   
    
   
 240   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 602         
   
    
   
 (213) 
   
    
   
 (155)    
   
    
   
 234   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
     $ 
 602         
   
    
   
 (213) 
   
    
   
 (155)    
   
    
   
 234   
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Amount does not include IRLCs because these instruments are not subject to master netting or similar
arrangements.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Amount of collateral received as an offset to asset positions or pledged as an offset to liability
positions. Collateral values in excess of related derivative amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were excluded from this table.  
      150  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  13. OTHER ASSETS  
     The following table provides the
components of other assets included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31:          
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
      
 2017     
   
 
     
   
 
   Accounts receivable and
 drafts-in-process 
    
 $ 
 1,963 
   
      
   
 1,763     
   
 
   Bank owned life insurance 
    
   
 1,760 
   
      
   
 1,720     
   
 
   Partnership investments 
    
   
 1,390 
   
      
   
 1,445     
   
 
   Derivative instruments 
    
   
 1,114 
   
      
   
 823     
   
 
   Accrued interest and fees receivable 
    
   
 438 
   
      
   
 378     
   
 
   Investment in Worldpay Holding, LLC 
    
   
 420 
   
      
   
 219     
   
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 93 
   
      
   
 87     
   
 
   Income tax receivable 
    
   
 56 
   
      
   
 66     
   
 
   OREO and other repossessed personal property 
    
   
 48 
   
      
   
 54     
   
 
   Worldpay, Inc. TRA put/call receivable 
    
   
 - 
   
      
   
 105     
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 90 
   
      
   
 203     
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
 $ 
         7,372 
   
      
   
 6,863     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp purchases life insurance policies on the lives of certain directors, officers and
employees and is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. Certain BOLI policies have a stable value agreement through either a large, well-rated bank or multi-national insurance carrier that provides limited cash surrender value protection from
declines in the value of each policy’s underlying investments. Refer to Note 1 for further information.    CDC, a
wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp, was created to invest in projects to create affordable housing, revitalize business and residential areas and preserve historic landmarks, which are included above in partnership investments. In
addition, Fifth Third Capital Holdings, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp, invests as a direct private equity investor and as a limited partner in private equity funds, which are included above in partnership investments. The Bancorp
has determined that these partnership investments are VIEs and the Bancorp’s investments represent variable interests. For further information on partnership investments, refer to Note 10.  
 The Bancorp utilizes derivative instruments as part of its overall risk management strategy to reduce certain risks related
to
 

  
interest rate, prepayment and foreign currency volatility. The Bancorp also holds derivatives instruments for the benefit of its commercial customers and for other business purposes. For further
information on derivative instruments, refer to Note 12.    In 2009, the Bancorp sold an approximate 51% interest in its
processing business, Vantiv Holding, LLC (now Worldpay Holding, LLC). As a result of additional share sales completed by the Bancorp, its ownership share in Worldpay Holding, LLC was approximately 8.6% as of December 31, 2017. On
January 16, 2018, Vantiv, Inc. completed its previously announced acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. with the resulting combined company named Worldpay, Inc. As a result of this acquisition as well as additional share sales completed by the
Bancorp in 2018, its ownership share in Worldpay Holding, LLC as of December 31, 2018 was approximately 3.3%. The Bancorp’s ownership in Worldpay Holding, LLC is currently accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note
18 for further information.    OREO represents property acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings and is carried
at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell. Refer to Note 1 for further information.    

      151  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  14. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  
  
 
  Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are classified as short-term and
include federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings. Federal funds purchased are excess balances in reserve accounts held at the FRB that the Bancorp purchased from
 

  
other member banks on an overnight basis. Other short-term borrowings include securities sold under repurchase agreements, derivative collateral, FHLB advances and other borrowings with original
maturities of one year or less.    
      The following table
summarizes short-term borrowings and weighted-average rates:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
         Amount 
   
   
   Rate       
   
    
         Amount   
   
   
 Rate         
   
 
     
   
 
   As of December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
     $ 
 1,925 
   
   
   
         2.40% 
   
    
     $ 
 174 
   
   
   
 1.37% 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 573 
   
   
   
 1.95     
   
    
   
         4,012 
   
   
   
 1.28    
   
 
     
   
 
   Average for the years ended December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
     $ 
 1,509 
   
   
   
 1.97% 
   
    
     $ 
 557 
   
   
   
 1.01% 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 1,611 
   
   
   
 1.82     
   
    
   
 3,158 
   
   
   
 0.96    
   
 
     
   
 
   Maximum  month-end  balance for the years ended December
31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
     $ 
         2,684 
   
   
 
 
 
    
     $ 
 1,495 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 6,313 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 6,307 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
   The following table presents a summary of the Bancorp’s other short-term borrowings as of December
31:          
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017                   
   
 
     
   
 
   Securities sold under repurchase agreements 
    
 $ 
 302 
   
    
   
 546       
   
 
   Derivative collateral 
    
   
 271 
   
    
   
 341       
   
 
   FHLB advances 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 3,125       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
                           573 
   
    
   
 4,012       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The Bancorp’s securities sold under repurchase agreements are accounted for as secured
borrowings and are collateralized by securities included in  available-for-sale  and other securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These securities are subject to
changes in market value and, therefore, the Bancorp may increase or decrease the level of securities pledged as collateral based upon
 

  
these movements in market value. As of both December 31, 2018 and 2017, all securities sold under repurchase agreements were secured by agency residential mortgage-backed securities and the
repurchase agreements have an overnight remaining contractual maturity.    

      152  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  15. LONG-TERM DEBT  
     The following table is a summary
of the Bancorp’s long-term borrowings at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Maturity 
   
    
 Interest Rate 
   
   
   2018 
   
    
 2017     
   
 
     
   
 
   Parent Company 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2019 
   
    
   
 2.30% 
   
   
 $ 
 500 
   
    
   
 499  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2020 
   
    
   
 2.875% 
   
   
   
 1,098 
   
    
   
 1,097  
   
 
     Floating-rate
notes (b) 
    
   
 2021 
   
    
   
 3.206% 
   
   
   
 250 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2022 
   
    
   
 2.60% 
   
   
   
 698 
   
    
   
 697  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2022 
   
    
   
 3.50% 
   
   
   
 498 
   
    
   
 497  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2028 
   
    
   
 3.95% 
   
   
   
 646 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Subordinated: (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
   
 4.50% 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 505  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2024 
   
    
   
 4.30% 
   
   
   
 747 
   
    
   
 747  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2038 
   
    
   
 8.25% 
   
   
   
 1,238 
   
    
   
 1,305  
   
 
   Subsidiaries 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Senior: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
   
 2.15% 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 996  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
   
 1.45% 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 600  
   
 
     Floating-rate notes 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
   
 2.35% 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 250  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2019 
   
    
   
 2.375% 
   
   
   
 850 
   
    
   
 849  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2019 
   
    
   
 2.30% 
   
   
   
 750 
   
    
   
 749  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2019 
   
    
   
 1.625% 
   
   
   
 743 
   
    
   
 736  
   
 
     Floating-rate
notes (b) 
    
   
 2019 
   
    
   
 3.412% 
   
   
   
 250 
   
    
   
 250  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2020 
   
    
   
 2.20% 
   
   
   
 742 
   
    
   
 744  
   
 
     Floating-rate
notes (b) 
    
   
 2020 
   
    
   
 2.770% 
   
   
   
 300 
   
    
   
 299  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2021 
   
    
   
 2.25% 
   
   
   
 1,248 
   
    
   
 1,247  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2021 
   
    
   
 2.875% 
   
   
   
 847 
   
    
   
 846  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2021 
   
    
   
 3.35% 
   
   
   
 502 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     Floating-rate
notes (b) 
    
   
 2021 
   
    
   
 2.948% 
   
   
   
 299 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2025 
   
    
   
 3.95% 
   
   
   
 764 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Subordinated: (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Fixed-rate bank notes 
    
   
 2026 
   
    
   
 3.85%  
   
   
   
 747 
   
    
   
 747  
   
 
   Junior subordinated: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Floating-rate
debentures (b) 
    
   
 2035 
   
    
   
 4.21%-4.48% 
   
   
   
 52 
   
    
   
 52  
   
 
   FHLB advances 
    
   
 2019 - 2041 
   
    
   
 0.05% - 6.87% 
   
   
   
 22 
   
    
   
 30  
   
 
   Notes associated with consolidated VIEs: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Automobile loan securitizations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Fixed-rate notes 
    
   
 2020 - 2024 
   
    
   
 1.42%-2.03% 
   
   
   
 568 
   
    
   
 982  
   
 
     Floating-rate
notes (b) 
    
   
 2020 
   
    
   
 2.605% 
   
   
   
 11 
   
    
   
 75  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 2019 - 2039 
   
    
   
 Varies 
   
   
   
 56 
   
    
   
 105  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
       14,426 
   
    
   
 14,904  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   In aggregate,  $ 2.6  billion  qualifies
as Tier II capital for regulatory capital purposes for both years ended  December, 31 2018  and 2017.  
 
 
 (b) 
   These rates reflect the floating rates as of
 December  31, 2018 .    The Bancorp pays down
long-term debt in accordance with contractual terms over maturity periods summarized in the above table. The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt obligations (based on final maturity dates) as of December 31, 2018 are presented in the
following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   ($ in millions) 
    
     Parent 
   
    
 Subsidiaries   
   
    
 Total         
   
 
     
   
 
   2019 
    
 $ 
                   500 
   
    
   
 2,610 
   
    
   
 3,110   
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 1,098 
   
    
   
 1,105 
   
    
   
 2,203   
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 250 
   
    
   
 2,898 
   
    
   
 3,148   
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 1,196 
   
    
   
 461 
   
    
   
 1,657   
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1   
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 2,631 
   
    
   
 1,676 
   
    
   
 4,307   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 5,675 
   
    
   
 8,751 
   
    
   
 14,426   
   
 
     
   
   
  At December 31, 2018, the Bancorp’s long-term borrowings consisted of outstanding
principal balances of $14.2 billion, net discounts of $20 million, debt issuance costs of $30 million and additions for  mark-to-market  adjustments on its
hedged debt of $254 million. At December 31, 2017, the Bancorp’s long-term borrowings consisted of outstanding principal balances of $14.7 billion, net discounts of $21 million, debt issuance costs of $31
 

  
million and additions for  mark-to-market  adjustments on its hedged debt of $298 million. The Bancorp was in
compliance with all debt covenants at December 31, 2018 and 2017.    For further information on subsequent events
related to long-term debt, refer to Note 31.    

      153  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Parent Company Long-Term Borrowings  
 Senior notes    On March 7, 2012, the
Bancorp issued and sold $500 million of senior notes to third-party investors and entered into a Supplemental Indenture dated March 7, 2012 with the Trustee, which modified the existing Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated
April 30, 2008. The Supplemental Indenture and the Indenture define the rights of the senior notes and that they are represented by a Global Security dated as of March 7, 2012. The senior notes bear a fixed-rate of interest of 3.50% per
annum. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes will be due upon maturity on March 15, 2022. These fixed-rate senior notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in
part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On February 28, 2014, the Bancorp issued and sold $500 million of senior notes to third-party investors. The
senior notes bear a fixed-rate of interest of 2.30% per annum. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on March 1, 2019. These fixed-rate senior notes
will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption
date.    On July 27, 2015, the Bancorp issued and sold $1.1 billion of senior notes to third-party investors.
The senior notes bear a fixed-rate of interest of 2.875% per annum. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on July 27, 2020. These fixed-rate senior
notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the
redemption date.    On June 15, 2017, the Bancorp issued and sold $700 million of senior notes to third-party
investors. The senior notes bear a fixed-rate of interest of 2.60% per annum. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on June 15, 2022. These fixed-rate
senior notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding,
the redemption date.    On March 14, 2018, the Bancorp issued and sold $650 million of senior notes to
third-party investors. The senior notes bear a fixed-rate of interest of 3.95% per annum. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on March 14, 2028.
These fixed-rate senior notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to,
but excluding, the redemption date.    On June 5, 2018, the Bancorp issued and sold $250 million of senior notes
to third-party investors. The senior notes bear a floating-rate of three-month LIBOR plus 47 bps. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amounts of the notes is due upon maturity on June 4,
2021. These floating-rate senior notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of
 
  
the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 Subordinated debt    The Bancorp has
entered into interest rate swaps to convert part of its subordinated fixed-rate notes due in 2038 to floating-rate. Of the $1.0 billion in 8.25% subordinated fixed-rate notes due in 2038, $705 million were subsequently hedged to
floating-rate and paid a rate of 5.79% at December 31, 2018.    On November 20, 2013, the Bancorp issued and
sold $750 million of 4.30% unsecured subordinated fixed-rate notes due on January 16, 2024. These fixed-rate notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.    Subsidiary
Long-Term Borrowings    Senior and subordinated debt  
 Medium-term senior notes and subordinated bank notes with maturities ranging from one year to 30 years can be issued by the Bancorp’s
banking subsidiary. Under the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary’s global bank note program, the Bank’s capacity to issue its senior and subordinated unsecured bank notes is $25.0 billion. As of December 31, 2018,
$17.0 billion was available for future issuance under the global bank note program.    On April 25, 2014, the
Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $850 million of 2.375% senior fixed-rate notes due on April 25, 2019. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to
the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On September 5, 2014, the Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $850 million of 2.875% unsecured
senior fixed-rate bank notes due on October 1, 2021. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.    On March 15, 2016, the Bank
issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured bank notes. The bank notes consisted of $750 million of 2.30% senior fixed-rate notes due on March 15, 2019; and $750 million
of 3.85% subordinated fixed-rate notes due on March 15, 2026. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the
principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.    On June 14, 2016, the
Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $1.3 billion of 2.25% unsecured senior fixed-rate notes due on June 14, 2021. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days
prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On September 27, 2016, the Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $1.0 billion in aggregate principal
amount of unsecured senior bank notes due on September 27, 2019. The bank notes consisted of $750 million of 1.625% senior fixed-rate notes and $250 million of senior floating-rate notes at three-month LIBOR plus 59 bps. The Bancorp
entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed-rate notes to a floating-rate, which resulted in an effective interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus 53 bps.
   

      154  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.    On October 30, 2017, the Bank issued
and sold, under its bank notes program, $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior bank notes due on October 30, 2020. The bank notes consisted of $750 million of 2.20% senior fixed-rate notes and $300 million
of senior floating-rate notes at three-month LIBOR plus 25 bps. The Bancorp entered into an interest rate swap to convert the fixed-rate notes to a floating-rate, which resulted in an effective interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus 24 bps. These
bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the
redemption date.    On July 26, 2018 the Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $1.55 billion in
aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior bank notes. The bank notes consisted of $500 million of 3.35% senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of three years, due on July 26, 2021; $300 million of senior floating-rate notes at
three-month LIBOR plus 44 bps, with a maturity of three years, due on July 26, 2021; and $750 million of 3.95% senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of seven years, due July 28, 2025. The Bank entered into interest rate swaps to
convert the fixed-rate notes due in 2021 and 2025 to a floating-rate, which resulted in an effective interest rate of  one-month  LIBOR plus 53 bps and 104 bps, respectively. These bank notes will be redeemable
by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 Junior subordinated debt    The junior
subordinated floating-rate debentures due in 2035 were assumed by the Bancorp’s direct nonbank subsidiary holding company as part of the acquisition of First Charter in June 2008.
 

  
The obligation was issued to First Charter Capital Trust I and II. The notes of First Charter Capital Trust I and II pay a floating rate at three-month LIBOR plus 169 bps and 142 bps,
respectively. The Bancorp’s nonbank subsidiary holding company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all obligations under the acquired TruPS issued by First Charter Capital Trust I and II.  
 FHLB advances    At December 31,
2018, FHLB advances have rates ranging from 0.05% to 6.87%, with interest payable monthly. The Bancorp has pledged $14.4 billion of certain residential mortgage loans and securities to secure its borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Bank
which is partially utilized to fund $22 million in FHLB advances that are outstanding. The FHLB advances mature as follows: $7 million in 2019, $2 million in 2020, $2 million in 2021, $2 million in 2022, $1 million in
2023, and $8 million thereafter.    Notes associated with consolidated VIEs  
 As previously discussed in Note 10, the Bancorp was determined to be the primary beneficiary of various VIEs associated with certain
automobile loan securitizations. Third-party holders of this debt do not have recourse to the general assets of the Bancorp. In a securitization transaction that occurred in 2017, the Bancorp transferred an aggregate amount of $1.1 billion in
consumer automobile loans to a bankruptcy remote trust which was deemed to be a VIE. This trust then subsequently issued approximately $1.0 billion of asset-backed notes, of which approximately $261 million were retained by the Bancorp.
Approximately $501 million of outstanding notes from the 2017 securitization transaction are included in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018. Additionally, in prior years the Bancorp completed
securitization transactions in which the Bancorp transferred certain consumer automobile loans to bankruptcy remote trusts which were also deemed to be VIEs. As such, approximately $78 million of outstanding notes related to these VIEs were
included in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018.    

      155  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  16. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND GUARANTEES  
  
 
  The Bancorp, in the normal course of business, enters into financial instruments and various
agreements to meet the financing needs of its customers. The Bancorp also enters into certain transactions and agreements to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks, provide funding, equipment and locations for its operations and invest in its
communities. These instruments and agreements involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk, counterparty risk and market risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance
 

  
Sheets. The creditworthiness of counterparties for all instruments and agreements is evaluated on a  case-by-case 
basis in accordance with the Bancorp’s credit policies. The Bancorp’s significant commitments, contingent liabilities and guarantees in excess of the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are discussed in the following
sections.    
      Commitments  
 The Bancorp has certain commitments to make future payments under contracts. The following table reflects a summary of significant commitments
as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018     
   
    
 2017             
   
 
     
   
 
   Commitments to extend credit 
    
 $ 
               70,415 
   
    
   
                 68,106         
   
 
   Letters of credit 
    
   
 2,041 
   
    
   
 2,185         
   
 
   Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale 
    
   
 926 
   
    
   
 1,284         
   
 
   Noncancelable operating lease obligations 
    
   
 603 
   
    
   
 568         
   
 
   Purchase obligations 
    
   
 126 
   
    
   
 144         
   
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 45 
   
    
   
 37         
   
 
   Capital commitments for private equity investments 
    
   
 32 
   
    
   
 48         
   
 
   Capital lease obligations 
    
   
 20 
   
    
   
 26         
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Commitments to extend credit  
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require
payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. The Bancorp is exposed to credit risk in the event of
nonperformance by the counterparty for the amount of the contract. Fixed-rate commitments are also subject to market risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and the Bancorp’s
 

  
exposure is limited to the replacement value of those commitments. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp had a reserve for unfunded commitments, including letters of credit, totaling
$131 million and $161 million, respectively, included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with commitments to extend credit using the same standard regulatory risk rating
system utilized for its loan and lease portfolio.    
      Risk ratings of
outstanding commitments to extend credit under this risk rating system are summarized in the following table as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018     
   
    
 2017           
   
 
     
   
 
   Pass 
    
 $ 
               69,928 
   
    
   
                 67,254       
   
 
   Special mention 
    
   
 271 
   
    
   
 330       
   
 
   Substandard 
    
   
 216 
   
    
   
 522       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total commitments to extend credit 
    
 $ 
 70,415 
   
    
   
 68,106       
   
 
     
   
   Letters of credit  
 Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party and
expire as summarized in the following table as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Less than 1 year (a) 
    
 $ 
                                 1,044  
   
 
   1 - 5 years (a) 
    
   
 989  
   
 
   Over 5 years 
    
   
 8  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total letters of credit 
    
 $ 
 2,041  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes $1 and $18 issued on behalf of commercial customers to facilitate trade payments in U.S. dollars
and foreign currencies which expire less than 1 year and between 1 - 5 years, respectively.  
   
  Standby letters of credit accounted for approximately 99% of total letters of credit at both
December 31, 2018 and 2017 and are considered guarantees in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Approximately 60% and 61% of the total standby letters of credit were collateralized as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In the event of
nonperformance by the customers, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory, receivables, cash
 

  
and marketable securities. The reserve related to these standby letters of credit, which is included in the total reserve for unfunded commitments, was $17 million at December 31, 2018
and $6 million at December 31, 2017. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with letters of credit using the same standard regulatory risk rating system utilized for its loan and lease portfolio.
   

      156  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  Risk ratings under this risk rating system are summarized in the following table as of
December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018    
   
    
 2017           
   
 
     
   
 
   Pass 
    
 $ 
                 1,905 
   
    
   
 1,830       
   
 
   Special mention 
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 67       
   
 
   Substandard 
    
   
 126 
   
    
   
 218       
   
 
   Doubtful 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 70       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total letters of credit 
    
 $ 
 2,041 
   
    
   
                     2,185       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp had outstanding letters of credit that were
supporting certain securities issued as VRDNs. The Bancorp facilitates financing for its commercial customers, which consist of companies and municipalities, by marketing the VRDNs to investors. The VRDNs pay interest to holders at a rate of
interest that fluctuates based upon market demand. The VRDNs generally have long-term maturity dates, but can be tendered by the holder for purchase at par value upon proper advance notice. When the VRDNs are tendered, a remarketing agent generally
finds another investor to purchase the VRDNs to keep the securities outstanding in the market. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, total VRDNs in which the Bancorp was the remarketing agent or were supported by a Bancorp letter of credit were
$487 million and $602 million, respectively, of which FTS acted as the remarketing agent to issuers on $481 million and $508 million, respectively. As remarketing agent, FTS is responsible for actively remarketing VRDNs to other
investors when they have been tendered. If another investor is not identified, FTS may choose to purchase the VRDNs into inventory at its discretion while it continues to remarket them. If FTS purchases the VRDNs into inventory, it can subsequently
tender back the VRDNs to the issuer’s trustee with proper advance notice. The Bancorp issued letters of credit, as a credit enhancement, to $256 million and $331 million of the VRDNs remarketed by FTS, in addition to $6 million
and $94 million in VRDNs remarketed by third parties at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These letters of credit are included in the total letters of credit balance provided in the previous table. The Bancorp held $9 million
and $1 million of these VRDNs in its portfolio and classified them as trading securities at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale  
 The Bancorp enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for sale
due to changes in interest rates. The outstanding notional amounts of these forward contracts are included in the summary of significant commitments table for all periods presented.  
 Noncancelable operating lease obligations and other commitments  
 The Bancorp’s subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements. The minimum rental commitments under
noncancelable lease agreements are shown in the summary of significant commitments table. The Bancorp has also entered into a limited number of agreements for work related to banking center construction and to purchase goods or services.
 
  Contingent Liabilities  
 Legal claims    There are legal claims
pending against the Bancorp and its subsidiaries that have arisen in the normal course of business. Refer to Note 17 for additional information regarding these proceedings.  
 Guarantees    The Bancorp has
performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events under financial guarantees provided in certain contractual arrangements as discussed in the following sections.  
 Residential mortgage loans sold with representation and warranty provisions  
 Conforming residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third parties are generally sold with representation and warranty provisions. A
contractual liability arises only in the event of a breach of these representations and warranties and, in general, only when a loss results from the breach. The Bancorp may be required to repurchase any previously sold loan, indemnify or make whole
the investor or insurer for which the representation or warranty of the Bancorp proves to be inaccurate, incomplete or misleading. For more information on how the Bancorp establishes the residential mortgage repurchase reserve, refer to Note 1.  
 As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp maintained reserves related to loans sold with representation and
warranty provisions totaling $6 million and $9 million, respectively, included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 The Bancorp uses the best information available when estimating its mortgage representation and warranty reserve; however,
the estimation process is inherently uncertain and imprecise and, accordingly, losses in excess of the amounts reserved as of December 31, 2018, are reasonably possible. The Bancorp currently estimates that it is reasonably possible that it
could incur losses related to mortgage representation and warranty provisions in an amount up to approximately $9 million in excess of amounts reserved. This estimate was derived by modifying the key assumptions to reflect management’s
judgment regarding reasonably possible adverse changes to those assumptions. The actual repurchase losses could vary significantly from the recorded mortgage representation and warranty reserve or this estimate of reasonably possible losses,
depending on the outcome of various factors, including those previously discussed.    During the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp paid an immaterial amount and $1 million in the form of make whole payments and repurchased $18 million and $12 million, respectively, in outstanding principal of loans to satisfy investor
demands. Total repurchase demand requests during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were $19 million and $15 million, respectively. Total outstanding repurchase demand inventory was $1 million at both December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017.    

      157  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following table summarizes activity in the reserve for representation and warranty
provisions for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017       
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
                 9 
   
   
   
 13        
   
 
   Net reductions to the reserve 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (3)       
   
 
   Losses charged against the reserve 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (1)       
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
   
   
                     9        
   
 
     
   
   The following tables provide a rollforward of unresolved claims by claimant type for the years ended December
31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 GSE 
   
    
 Private Label 
   
 
 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
         Units  
   
   
 Dollars     
   
    
         Units  
   
    
 Dollars      
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
   
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 1     
   
    
   
             1 
   
    
 $ 
 -        
   
 
   New demands 
    
   
 121 
   
   
   
 19     
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -        
   
 
   Resolved demands 
    
   
 (118 
 )  
   
   
 (19)    
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -        
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
   
 9 
   
   
 $ 
                 1     
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
             -        
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
 GSE 
   
    
 Private Label 
   
 
 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 Units  
   
   
 Dollars     
   
    
 Units  
   
    
 Dollars      
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
   
 13 
   
   
 $ 
 2     
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 -        
   
 
   New demands 
    
   
 109 
   
   
   
 15     
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 -        
   
 
   Loan paydowns/payoffs 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 -     
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -        
   
 
   Resolved demands 
    
   
 (114 
 )  
   
   
 (16)    
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 -        
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
   
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 1     
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
                 -        
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Residential mortgage loans sold with credit recourse  
 The Bancorp sold certain residential mortgage loans in the secondary market with credit recourse. In the event of any customer default,
pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. In the event
of nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral value securing the loan. The outstanding balances on these loans sold with credit recourse were $272 million and $312 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, and the delinquency rates were 2.2% at December 31, 2018 and 3.0% at December 31, 2017. The Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve on these loans sold with credit recourse of $5 million at both
December 31, 2018 and 2017 recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit losses for various
categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio.    Margin accounts  
 FTS, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, guarantees the collection of all margin account balances held by its brokerage
clearing agent for the benefit of its customers. FTS is responsible for payment to its brokerage clearing agent for any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense incurred as a result of customers failing to comply with margin or margin maintenance
calls on all margin accounts. The margin account balance held by the brokerage clearing agent was $13 million and $15 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In the event of any customer default, FTS has rights to the
underlying collateral provided. Given the existence of the underlying collateral provided and negligible historical credit losses, the Bancorp does not maintain a loss reserve related to the margin accounts.  
 Long-term borrowing obligations    The
Bancorp had certain fully and unconditionally guaranteed long-term borrowing obligations issued by wholly-owned issuing trust entities of $62 million at both December 31, 2018 and 2017.
 
  Visa litigation  
 The Bancorp, as a member bank of Visa prior to Visa’s reorganization and IPO (the “IPO”) of its Class A common shares (the
“Class A Shares”) in 2008, had certain indemnification obligations pursuant to Visa’s certificate of incorporation and  by-laws  and in accordance with their membership agreements. In
accordance with Visa’s  by-laws  prior to the IPO, the Bancorp could have been required to indemnify Visa for the Bancorp’s proportional share of losses based on the
 pre-IPO  membership interests. As part of its reorganization and IPO, the Bancorp’s indemnification obligation was modified to include only certain known or anticipated litigation (the “Covered
Litigation”) as of the date of the restructuring. This modification triggered a requirement for the Bancorp to recognize a liability equal to the fair value of the indemnification liability.  
 In conjunction with the IPO, the Bancorp received 10.1 million of Visa’s Class B common shares (the
“Class B Shares”) based on the Bancorp’s membership percentage in Visa prior to the IPO. The Class B Shares are not transferable (other than to another member bank) until the later of the third anniversary of the IPO closing
or the date which the Covered Litigation has been resolved; therefore, the Bancorp’s Class B Shares were classified in other assets and accounted for at their carryover basis of $0. Visa deposited $3 billion of the proceeds from the
IPO into a litigation escrow account, established for the purpose of funding judgments in, or settlements of, the Covered Litigation. Since then, when Visa’s litigation committee determined that the escrow account was insufficient; Visa issued
additional Class A Shares and deposited the proceeds from the sale of the Class A Shares into the litigation escrow account. When Visa funded the litigation escrow account, the Class B Shares were subjected to dilution through an
adjustment in the conversion rate of Class B Shares into Class A Shares.    In 2009, the Bancorp completed the
sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares and entered into a total return swap in which the Bancorp will make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate of the Class B Shares into Class A Shares. The swap
terminates on the later of the third anniversary of Visa’s IPO or the date on which the Covered Litigation is settled. Refer to Note 26 for additional information on the valuation of the swap.
   

      158  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
The counterparty to the swap as a result of its ownership of the Class B Shares will be impacted by dilutive adjustments to the conversion rate of the Class B Shares into Class A
Shares caused by any Covered Litigation losses in excess of the litigation escrow account. If actual judgments in, or settlements of, the Covered Litigation significantly exceed current expectations, then additional funding by Visa of the litigation
escrow account and the resulting dilution of the Class B Shares could result in a scenario where the Bancorp’s ultimate exposure associated with the Covered Litigation (the “Visa Litigation Exposure”) exceeds the value of the
Class B Shares owned by the swap counterparty (the “Class B Value”). In the event the Bancorp concludes that it is probable that the Visa Litigation Exposure exceeds the Class B Value, the Bancorp would record a litigation
reserve liability and a corresponding amount of other noninterest expense for the amount of the excess. Any such litigation reserve liability would be separate and distinct from the fair value derivative liability associated with the total return
swap.  
  As of the date of the Bancorp’s sale of the Visa Class B Shares and
through December 31, 2018, the Bancorp has concluded that it is not probable that the Visa Litigation Exposure will exceed the Class B Value. Based on this determination, upon the sale of the Class B Shares, the Bancorp reversed its
net Visa litigation reserve liability and recognized a free-standing derivative liability associated with the total return swap. The fair value of the swap liability was $125 million and $137 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Refer to Note 12 and Note 26 for further information.    After the Bancorp’s sale of the Class B
Shares, Visa has funded additional amounts into the litigation escrow account which have resulted in further dilutive adjustments to the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares, and along with other terms of the total return swap,
required the Bancorp to make cash payments in varying amounts to the swap counterparty as follows:    
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
 
 Period ($ in millions) 
    
   Visa 
 Funding Amount 
   
    
 
     Bancorp Cash             
     Payment Amount             
 
     
 
   Q2 2010 
    
 $ 
 500  
   
    
 20           
 
   Q4 2010 
    
   
 800  
   
    
 35           
 
   Q2 2011 
    
   
 400  
   
    
 19           
 
   Q1 2012 
    
   
                         1,565  
   
    
 75           
 
   Q3 2012 
    
   
 150  
   
    
 6           
 
   Q3 2014 
    
   
 450  
   
    
 18           
 
   Q2 2018 
    
   
 600  
   
    
 26           
 
     
 
      159  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  17. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS  
  
 
  Litigation  
 Visa/MasterCard Merchant Interchange Litigation  
 In April 2006, the Bancorp was added as a defendant in a consolidated antitrust class action lawsuit originally filed against Visa ® , MasterCard  ®  and several other major financial institutions in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York (In
re: Payment Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Antitrust Litigation, Case No.  05-MD-1720).  The plaintiffs, merchants operating commercial businesses throughout
the U.S. and trade associations, claimed that the interchange fees charged by card-issuing banks were unreasonable and sought injunctive relief and unspecified damages. In addition to being a named defendant, the Bancorp is also subject to a
possible indemnification obligation of Visa as discussed in Note 16 and has also entered into judgment and loss sharing agreements with Visa, MasterCard and certain other named defendants. In October 2012, the parties to the litigation entered into
a settlement agreement. On January 14, 2014, the trial court entered a final order approving the class settlement. A number of merchants filed appeals from that approval. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit held a hearing on those
appeals and on June 30, 2016, reversed the district court’s approval of the class settlement, remanding the case to the district court for further proceedings. On March 27, 2017, the Supreme Court of the United States denied a
petition for writ of certiorari seeking to review the Second Circuit’s decision. Pursuant to the terms of the overturned settlement agreement, the Bancorp previously paid $46 million into a class settlement escrow account. Approximately
8,000 merchants requested exclusion from the class settlement, and therefore, pursuant to the terms of the overturned settlement agreement, approximately 25% of the funds paid into the class settlement escrow account were already returned to the
control of the defendants. The remaining approximately 75% of the settlement funds paid by the Bancorp are maintained in the escrow account. More than 500 of the merchants who requested exclusion from the class filed separate federal lawsuits
against Visa, MasterCard and certain other defendants alleging similar antitrust violations. These individual federal lawsuits were transferred to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. While the Bancorp is only named
as a defendant in one of the individual federal lawsuits, it may have obligations pursuant to indemnification arrangements and/or the judgment or loss sharing agreements noted above. On June 5, 2018, the defendants in the consolidated class
action reached an agreement to settle in principle with the proposed plaintiffs’ class seeking monetary damages (the “Plaintiff Damages Class”). On September 17, 2018, those parties signed a settlement agreement (the
“Amended Settlement Agreement”) superseding the original settlement agreement entered into in October 2012. The Amended Settlement Agreement includes, among other terms, a release from participating class members for liability for claims
that accrue no later than five years after the Amended Settlement Agreement becomes final. The Amended Settlement Agreement provides for a total payment by all defendants of $6.24 billion, composed of approximately $5.3 billion held in
escrow and an additional $900 million. The Bancorp’s allocated share of the putative settlement is within existing reserves. If more than 15% of class members (by payment volume) opt out of the class, up to $700 million of the
settlement payment may be returned to the defendants. On September 18, 2018, the Plaintiff Damages Class filed a Motion for Preliminary Approval of the Amended Settlement Agreement. At a hearing on the Motion on December 6, 2018, the
Court announced that it will preliminarily approve the Amended Settlement Agreement. This settlement does not resolve the claims of the separate
 
  proposed plaintiffs’ class seeking injunctive relief or the claims of merchants who are
pursuing separate lawsuits. The ultimate outcome in this matter, including the timing of resolution, therefore remains uncertain. Refer to Note 16 for further information.  
 Klopfenstein v. Fifth Third Bank    On
August 3, 2012, William Klopfenstein and Adam McKinney filed a lawsuit against Fifth Third Bank in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio (Klopfenstein et al. v. Fifth Third Bank), alleging that the 120% APR that
Fifth Third disclosed on its Early Access program was misleading. Early Access is a deposit-advance program offered to eligible customers with checking accounts. The plaintiffs sought to represent a nationwide class of customers who used the Early
Access program and repaid their cash advances within 30 days. On October 31, 2012, the case was transferred to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. In 2013, four similar putative class actions were filed against
Fifth Third Bank in federal courts throughout the country (Lori and Danielle Laskaris v. Fifth Third Bank, Janet Fyock v. Fifth Third Bank, Jesse McQuillen v. Fifth Third Bank, and Brian Harrison v. Fifth Third Bank). Those four lawsuits were
transferred to the Southern District of Ohio and consolidated with the original lawsuit as In re: Fifth Third Early Access Cash Advance Litigation (Case No.
 1:12-CV-00851).  On behalf of a putative class, the plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary and statutory damages, injunctive relief, punitive damages, attorney’s fees,
and  pre-  and post-judgment interest. On March 30, 2015, the court dismissed all claims alleged in the consolidated lawsuit except a claim under the TILA. On January 10, 2018, plaintiffs filed a
motion to hear the immediate appeal of the dismissal of their breach of contract claim. On March 28, 2018, the court granted plaintiffs’ motion and stayed the TILA claim pending that appeal. On April 26, 2018, plaintiffs filed their
notice of appeal for the breach of contract claim with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Oral argument on plaintiffs’ appeal was held on January 29, 2019.  
 Helton v. Fifth Third Bank    On
August 31, 2015, trust beneficiaries filed an action against Fifth Third Bank, as trustee, in the Probate Court for Hamilton County, Ohio (Helen Clarke Helton, et al. v. Fifth Third Bank, Case No. 2015003814). The plaintiffs allege breach
of the duty to diversify, breach of the duty of impartiality, breach of trust/fiduciary duty, and unjust enrichment, based on Fifth Third’s alleged failure to diversify assets held in two trusts for the plaintiffs’ benefit. The lawsuit
seeks over $800 million in alleged damages, attorney’s fees, removal of Fifth Third as trustee, and injunctive relief. Fifth Third denies all liability. On April 20, 2018, the Court denied plaintiffs’ motion for summary judgment
and granted summary judgment to Fifth Third, dismissing the case in its entirety. The plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on May 5, 2018. The appeal is pending.  
 Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc. v. Fifth Third Bank  
 On February 12, 2016, Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc. (“Upsher-Smith”) filed suit against Fifth Third Bank in the Fourth
Judicial District, Hennepin County, Minnesota, alleging that Fifth Third improperly implemented foreign exchange transactions requested by plaintiff’s authorized employee who allegedly was the victim of fraud by a third party. Plaintiff asserts
claims for breach of contract and the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing under Article  4A-202  of the Uniform Commercial Code, with losses allegedly totaling almost $40 million, plus interest.
   

      160  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
Fifth Third denies all liability in this matter. On March 3, 2016, Fifth Third removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota (Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Inc. v. Fifth Third Bank, Case No.  16-cv-00556).  No trial date has been scheduled.  
 Other litigation    The Bancorp and its
subsidiaries are not parties to any other material litigation. However, there are other litigation matters that arise in the normal course of business. While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate resolution or range of financial liability with
respect to these contingent matters, management believes that the resulting liability, if any, from these other actions would not have a material effect upon the Bancorp’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
   Governmental Investigations and Proceedings  
 The Bancorp and/or its affiliates are or may become involved in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both
formal and informal) by various governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, including but not limited to the FRB, CFPB, SEC, FINRA, U.S. Department of Justice, etc., as well as state and other governmental authorities and
self-regulatory bodies regarding their respective businesses. Additional matters will likely arise from time to time. Any of these matters may result in material adverse consequences or reputational harm to the Bancorp, its affiliates and/or their
respective directors, officers and other personnel, including adverse judgments, findings, settlements, fines, penalties, orders, injunctions or other actions, amendments and/or restatements of the Bancorp’s SEC filings and/or financial
statements, as applicable, and/or determinations of material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures. Investigations by regulatory authorities may from time to time result in civil or criminal referrals to law enforcement. Additionally,
in some cases, regulatory authorities may take supervisory actions that are considered to be confidential supervisory information which may not be publicly disclosed.  
 Reasonably Possible Losses in Excess of Accruals  
 The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are parties to numerous claims and lawsuits as well as threatened or potential actions or claims concerning
matters arising from the conduct of its business activities. The outcome of claims or litigation and the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict. The following factors, among others, contribute to this lack of
predictability: claims often include significant legal uncertainties, damages alleged
 

  
by plaintiffs are often unspecified or overstated, discovery may not have started or may not be complete and material facts may be disputed or unsubstantiated. As a result of these factors, the
Bancorp is not always able to provide an estimate of the range of reasonably possible outcomes for each claim. An accrual for a potential litigation loss is established when information related to the loss contingency indicates both that a loss is
probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Any such accrual is adjusted from time to time thereafter as appropriate to reflect changes in circumstances. The Bancorp also determines, when possible (due to the uncertainties
described above), estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of reasonably possible losses, in excess of amounts accrued. Under U.S. GAAP, an event is “reasonably possible” if “the chance of the future event or events occurring
is more than remote but less than likely” and an event is “remote” if “the chance of the future event or events occurring is slight.” Thus, references to the upper end of the range of reasonably possible loss for cases in
which the Bancorp is able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss mean the upper end of the range of loss for cases for which the Bancorp believes the risk of loss is more than slight. For matters where the Bancorp is able to estimate such
possible losses or ranges of possible losses, the Bancorp currently estimates that it is reasonably possible that it could incur losses related to legal and regulatory proceedings in an aggregate amount up to approximately $14 million in excess
of amounts accrued, with it also being reasonably possible that no losses will be incurred in these matters. The estimates included in this amount are based on the Bancorp’s analysis of currently available information, and as new information is
obtained the Bancorp may change its estimates.    For these matters and others where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably
possible but not probable, there may be a range of possible losses in excess of the established accrual that cannot be estimated. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, available insurance coverage and established accruals, the
Bancorp believes that the eventual outcome of the actions against the Bancorp and/or its subsidiaries, including the matters described above, will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Bancorp’s
consolidated financial position. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of those matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the Bancorp’s results of operations for any particular
period, depending, in part, upon the size of the loss or liability imposed and the operating results for the applicable period.    

      161  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
  
 
  The Bancorp maintains written policies and procedures covering related party transactions with
principal shareholders, directors and executives of the Bancorp. These procedures cover transactions such as employee-stock purchase loans, personal lines of credit, residential secured loans, overdrafts, letters of credit and increases in
indebtedness. Such transactions are subject to the Bancorp’s normal underwriting and approval procedures. Prior to approving a loan to a related party, Compliance Risk Management must review and
 

  
determine whether the transaction requires approval from or a post notification to the Bancorp’s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, certain directors, executive
officers, principal holders of Bancorp common stock and their related interests were indebted, including undrawn commitments to lend, to the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary.
   
      The following table
summarizes the Bancorp’s lending activities with its principal shareholders, directors, executives and their related interests at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017      
   
 
     
   
 
   Commitments to lend, net of participations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Directors and their affiliated companies 
    
 $ 
 700 
   
    
   
 546      
   
 
   Executive officers 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 6      
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
           706 
   
    
   
 552      
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding balance on loans, net of participations and undrawn commitments 
    
 $ 
 10 
   
    
   
 20      
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The commitments to lend are in the form of loans and guarantees for various business and
personal interests. This indebtedness was incurred in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties. This
indebtedness does not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other features unfavorable to the Bancorp.    Worldpay, Inc. and
Worldpay Holding, LLC    On June 30, 2009, the Bancorp completed the sale of a majority interest in its processing business, Vantiv
Holding, LLC (now Worldpay Holding, LLC). Advent International acquired an approximate 51% interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC for cash and a warrant. The Bancorp retained the remaining approximate 49% interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC.  
 During the first quarter of 2012, Vantiv, Inc. (now Worldpay, Inc.) priced an IPO of its shares and contributed the net
proceeds to Worldpay Holding, LLC for additional ownership interests. As a result of this offering, the Bancorp’s ownership of Worldpay Holding, LLC was reduced to approximately 39%. The impact of the capital contributions to Worldpay Holding,
LLC and the resulting dilution in the Bancorp’s interest resulted in a gain of $115 million recognized by the Bancorp in the first quarter of 2012.  
 The Bancorp agreed during the fourth quarter of 2015 to cancel rights to purchase approximately 4.8 million
Class C Units in Worldpay Holding, LLC, the wholly-owned principal operating subsidiary of Worldpay, Inc., underlying the warrant in exchange for a cash payment of $200 million. Subsequent to this cancellation, the Bancorp exercised its
right to purchase approximately 7.8 million Class C Units underlying the warrant at the $15.98 strike price. This exercise was settled on a net basis for approximately 5.4 million Class C Units, which were then exchanged for
approximately 5.4 million shares of Worldpay, Inc. Class A Common Stock that were sold in the secondary offering. The Bancorp recognized a gain of $89 million in other noninterest income on the 62% of the warrant that was settled or
net exercised. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2015, the Bancorp exchanged 8 million Class B Units of Worldpay Holding, LLC for 8 million Class A Shares in Worldpay, Inc., which were also sold in the secondary offering
and on which the Bancorp recognized a gain of $331 million in other noninterest income.
 
  During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Bancorp exercised its right to
purchase approximately 7.8 million Class C Units underlying the warrant at the $15.98 strike price. This exercise was settled on a net basis for approximately 5.7 million Class C Units, which were then exchanged for approximately
5.7 million shares of Worldpay, Inc. Class A Common Stock of which 4.8 million shares were sold in a secondary offering and 0.9 million shares were repurchased by Worldpay, Inc. The Bancorp recognized a gain of $9 million in
other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income in 2016 on the exercise of the remaining warrant in Worldpay Holding, LLC.  
 During the third quarter of 2017, the Bancorp and Fifth Third Bank entered into a transaction agreement with Worldpay, Inc.
and Worldpay Holding, LLC under which Fifth Third Bank agreed to exercise its right to exchange 19.79 million of its Class B Units in Worldpay Holding, LLC for 19.79 million shares of Worldpay, Inc.’s Class A Common Stock
and Worldpay, Inc. agreed to repurchase the newly issued shares of Class A Common Stock upon issue directly from Fifth Third Bank at a price of $64.04 per share, the closing share price of the Class A Common Stock on the New York Stock
Exchange on August 4, 2017. As a result of these transactions, the Bancorp recognized a gain of approximately $1.0 billion in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income during the third quarter of 2017.  
 On January 16, 2018, Worldpay, Inc. completed its previously announced acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. with the
resulting combined company named Worldpay, Inc. As a result of this transaction, the Bancorp recognized a gain of $414 million in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income during the first quarter of 2018 associated with
the dilution in its ownership interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC from approximately 8.6% to approximately 4.9%.    On
June 27, 2018, the Bancorp completed the sale of 5 million shares of Class A common stock of Worldpay, Inc. The Bancorp had previously received these Class A shares in exchange for Class B Units of Worldpay Holding, LLC. The
Bancorp recognized a gain of $205 million in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to the sale.
   

      162  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following table provides a summary of the transactions that impacted the Bancorp’s
ownership interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC after the initial IPO:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   ($ in millions) 
    
   
       Gain on Transactions 
   
    
   
 Remaining Ownership   Percentage (a) 
     
 
     
   
 
   Q4 2012 
    
     $ 
                           157     
   
    
   
 33.1    %   
   
 
   Q2 2013 
    
   
 242     
   
    
   
 27.7          
   
 
   Q3 2013 
    
   
 85     
   
    
   
 25.1          
   
 
   Q2 2014 
    
   
 125     
   
    
   
 22.8          
   
 
   Q4 2015 
    
   
 331     
   
    
   
 18.3          
   
 
   Q3 2017 
    
   
 1,037     
   
    
   
 8.6          
   
 
   Q1 2018 
    
   
 414     
   
    
   
 4.9          
   
 
   Q2 2018 
    
   
 205     
   
    
   
 3.3          
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The Bancorp’s remaining investment in Worldpay Holding, LLC of
 $ 420  as of  December  31, 2018  was accounted for as an equity method investment in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
   
  As of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp continued to hold approximately 10.3 million
Class B Units of Worldpay Holding, LLC which may be exchanged for Class A Common Stock of Worldpay, Inc., on a  one-for-one  basis or at Worldpay, Inc.’s
option for cash which represented approximately 3.3% ownership of Worldpay Holding, LLC as of December 31, 2018. In addition, the Bancorp holds approximately 10.3 million Class B Common Shares of Worldpay, Inc. which give the Bancorp
voting rights, but no economic interest in Worldpay, Inc. These securities are subject to certain terms and restrictions.  
 The Bancorp recognized $1 million, $47 million and $66 million, respectively, in other noninterest income as
part of its equity method investment in Worldpay Holding, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 and received cash distributions totaling $3 million, $19 million and $9 million during the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Given the nature of Worldpay Holding, LLC’s structure as a limited liability company and contractual arrangements with Worldpay Holding, LLC, the Bancorp’s remaining investment in
Worldpay Holding, LLC continues to be accounted for under the equity method of accounting as of December 31, 2018.  
 During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Bancorp entered into an agreement with Worldpay, Inc. under which a portion of its
TRA with Worldpay, Inc. was terminated and settled in full for a cash payment of approximately $49 million from Worldpay, Inc. Under the agreement, the Bancorp sold certain TRA cash flows it expected to receive from 2017 to 2030, totaling to a
then estimated $140 million. Approximately half of the sold TRA cash flows related to 2025 and later. This sale did not impact the TRA payment recognized during the fourth quarter of 2015.
 
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Bancorp entered into an agreement with
Worldpay, Inc. under which a portion of its TRA with Worldpay, Inc. was terminated and settled in full for consideration of a cash payment in the amount of $116 million from Worldpay, Inc. Under the agreement, the Bancorp terminated and settled
certain TRA cash flows it expected to receive in the years 2019 to 2035, totaling to a then estimated $331 million. The Bancorp recognized a gain of $116 million in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income from
this settlement. Additionally, the agreement provides that Worldpay, Inc. may be obligated to pay up to a total of approximately $171 million to the Bancorp to terminate and settle certain remaining TRA cash flows, totaling to a then estimated
$394 million, upon the exercise of certain call options by Worldpay, Inc. or certain put options by the Bancorp. In 2016, the Bancorp recognized a gain of $164 million in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income
associated with these options. The Bancorp received $63 million and $108 million in settlement for the call options and put options exercised during 2017 and 2018, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, there are no remaining call
options or put options. This agreement did not impact the TRA payment recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017.    In
addition to the impact of the TRA terminations discussed above, the Bancorp recognized $20 million, $44 million and $33 million in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income associated with the TRA during the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    

      163  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following table provides the estimated cash flows to be received as of December 31,
2018 associated with the TRA for the years ending December 31, 2019 and thereafter:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
   
   
    
 Estimated Cash Flows to be Received not Subject to Put/Call Option (a)(b) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
     
   
 
   2019 
   
 
    
 20               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2020 
   
 
    
 29               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2021 
   
 
    
 32               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2022 
   
 
    
 33               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2023 
   
 
    
 33               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2024 
   
 
    
 34               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2025 
   
 
    
 35               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2026 
   
 
    
 36               
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
 
    
 357                 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
    
 609                 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The 2019 cash flow of $20 has been agreed upon with Worldpay, Inc., for settlement in January 2019 and was
recognized as a gain in other noninterest income during the fourth quarter of 2018. The remaining estimated cash flows in this column (which include TRA benefits associated with the net exercise of the warrant in 2016, the subsequent exchange of
Worldpay Holding, LLC units in the third quarter of 2017 and the subsequent exchange of Worldpay Holding, LLC units in the second quarter of 2018) will be recognized in future periods when the related uncertainties are resolved.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   The estimated cash flows assume that Worldpay, Inc. has sufficient taxable income to utilize the tax
deductions associated with the TRA.  
   
  The Bancorp and Worldpay Holding, LLC have various agreements in place covering services
relating to the operations of Worldpay Holding, LLC. The services provided by the Bancorp to Worldpay Holding, LLC were initially required to support Worldpay Holding, LLC as a standalone entity during the deconversion period. The majority of
services previously provided by the Bancorp to support Worldpay Holding, Inc. as a standalone entity are no longer necessary and are now limited to certain general business resources. Worldpay Holding, LLC paid the Bancorp $1 million for these
services for each of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Other services provided to Worldpay Holding, LLC by the Bancorp, have continued beyond the deconversion period, include interchange clearing, settlement and sponsorship.
Worldpay Holding, LLC paid the Bancorp $75 million, $68 million and $58 million for these services for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. In addition to the previously mentioned services, the Bancorp
previously entered into an agreement under which Worldpay Holding, LLC will provide processing services to the Bancorp. The total amount of fees relating to the processing services provided to the Bancorp by Worldpay Holding, LLC totaled
$74 million, $72 million and $76 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These fees are primarily reported as a component of card and processing expense in the Consolidated Statements of
Income.    As part of the initial sale, Worldpay Holding, LLC assumed loans totaling $1.25 billion owed to the
Bancorp, which were refinanced in 2010 into a larger syndicated loan structure that included the Bancorp. The outstanding carrying value of loans to Worldpay Holding, LLC was $187 million and $203 million at December 31, 2018 and
2017, respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp had derivative assets of an immaterial amount and $2 million, respectively, related to interest rate contracts entered into with Worldpay Holding, LLC which
are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 

  
Interest income relating to the loans was $7 million, $5 million and $4 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and is included in interest
and fees on loans and leases in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Worldpay Holding, LLC’s unused line of credit was $74 million and $4 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 SLK Global Solutions Private Limited  
 As of December 31, 2018, the Bancorp owns 100% of Fifth Third Mauritius Holdings Limited, which owns 49% of SLK Global Solutions Private
Limited, and accounts for this investment under the equity method of accounting. The Bancorp recognized $2 million and $3 million in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income as part of its equity method investment
in SLK Global Solutions Private Limited for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Bancorp did not receive cash distributions during both the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. The Bancorp’s investment in
SLK Global Solutions Private Limited was $23 million and $22 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Bancorp paid SLK Global Solutions Private Limited $21 million, $21 million and $20 million for their
process and software services during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are included other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 CDC Investments    The Bancorp’s
subsidiary, CDC, has equity investments in entities in which the Bancorp had $83 million of loans outstanding at both December 31, 2018 and 2017, and unfunded commitment balances of $80 million at both December 31, 2018 and 2017.
The Bancorp held $77 million and $26 million of deposits for these entities at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. For further information on CDC investments, refer to Note 10.
   

      164  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  19. INCOME TAXES  
     The Bancorp and its subsidiaries
file a consolidated federal income tax return. The following is a summary of applicable income taxes included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
  ($ in millions) 
    
           2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
     
   
 
   Current income tax expense (benefit): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal income taxes 
    
 $ 
 463  
   
    
   
 986  
   
    
   
 751  
   
 
   State and local income taxes 
    
   
 71  
   
    
   
 68  
   
    
   
 55  
   
 
   Foreign income taxes 
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 (3) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total current income tax expense 
    
   
 542  
   
    
   
 1,051  
   
    
   
 806  
   
 
     
   
 
   Deferred income tax expense (benefit): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal income taxes 
    
   
 24  
   
    
   
 (254) 
   
    
   
 (126) 
   
 
   State and local income taxes 
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 (14) 
   
 
   Foreign income taxes 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 (1) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) 
    
   
 30  
   
    
   
 (252) 
   
    
   
 (141) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
    
 $ 
             572  
   
    
   
 799  
   
    
   
 665  
   
 
     
   
   Current U.S. Federal income taxes above include proportional amortization for qualifying LIHTC investments of
$154 million, $223 million and $153 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    The
following is a reconciliation between the statutory U.S. Federal income tax rate and the Bancorp’s effective tax rate for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018       
   
 2017 
   
    
 2016    
 
     
   
 
   Statutory tax rate 
    
   
 21.0 
   %  
   
   
 35.0  
   
    
   
 35.0  
   
 
   Increase (decrease) resulting from: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
    
   
 2.1 
   
   
   
 1.5  
   
    
   
 1.2  
   
 
   Tax-exempt  income 
    
   
 (0.8 
 )  
   
   
 (1.1) 
   
    
   
 (2.5) 
   
 
   LIHTC investment and other tax benefits 
    
   
 (6.8 
 )  
   
   
 (6.9) 
   
    
   
 (9.4) 
   
 
   LIHTC investment proportional amortization 
    
   
 5.6 
   
   
   
 7.4  
   
    
   
 6.9  
   
 
   Other tax credits 
    
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 (0.4) 
   
    
   
 (0.8) 
   
 
   U.S. tax legislation impact on deferred taxes 
    
   
 -  
   
   
   
 (8.5) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (0.3 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2) 
   
    
   
 (0.3) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 20.7 
   %  
   
   
 26.8  
   
    
   
 30.1  
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Other tax credits in the rate reconciliation table include New Markets, Rehabilitation
Investment and Qualified Zone Academy Bond tax credits.  Tax-exempt  income in the rate reconciliation table includes interest on municipal bonds, interest on  tax-exempt 
lending, income on life insurance policies held by the Bancorp, and certain gains on sales of leases that are exempt from federal taxation.  
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation known as the TCJA. The TCJA made broad
and complex changes to the U.S. tax code including, but not
 

  
limited to, reducing the federal statutory corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent beginning after December 31, 2017. U.S. GAAP requires the Bancorp to recognize the tax
effects of changes in tax laws and rates on its deferred taxes in the period in which the law was enacted. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2017, the Bancorp remeasured its deferred tax assets and liabilities and recognized an
income tax benefit of approximately $253 million, as adjusted.    
      The following table
provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the Bancorp’s unrecognized tax benefits:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
  ($ in millions) 
    
           2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
     
   
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1 
    
 $ 
 34  
   
    
   
 24  
   
    
   
 13  
   
 
   Gross increases for tax positions taken during prior period 
    
   
 20  
   
    
   
 17  
   
    
   
 9  
   
 
   Gross decreases for tax positions taken during prior period 
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Gross increases for tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 3  
   
    
   
 2  
   
 
   Settlements with taxing authorities 
    
   
 (5) 
   
    
   
 (7) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Lapse of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
     
   
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits at December
31 (a) 
    
 $ 
             55  
   
    
   
 34  
   
    
   
 24  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   With the exception of  $5  in  2018 , all amounts represent
unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the annual effective tax rate.  
   
  The Bancorp’s unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
primarily relate to state income tax exposures from taking tax positions where the Bancorp believes it is likely that, upon examination, a state will take a position contrary to the position taken by the Bancorp.
 
  While it is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax
benefits with respect to certain of the Bancorp’s uncertain tax positions could increase or decrease during the next twelve months, the Bancorp believes it is unlikely that its unrecognized tax benefits will change by a material amount during
the next twelve months.    

      165  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  Deferred income taxes are comprised of the following items at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
    Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses 
    
 $ 
 232  
   
    
   
 251  
   
 
   Deferred compensation 
    
   
 79  
   
    
   
 77  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
   
 42  
   
    
   
 -  
   
 
   Reserve for unfunded commitments 
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 34  
   
 
   Reserves 
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 29  
   
 
   State net operating loss carryforwards 
    
   
 7  
   
    
   
 9  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 112  
   
    
   
 103  
   
 
    Total deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 528  
   
    
   
 503  
   
 
    Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Lease financing 
    
 $ 
 599  
   
    
   
 616  
   
 
   Investments in joint ventures and partnership interests 
    
   
 131  
   
    
   
 85  
   
 
   MSRs and related economic hedges 
    
   
 107  
   
    
   
 111  
   
 
   State deferred taxes 
    
   
 73  
   
    
   
 68  
   
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 60  
   
    
   
 42  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 21  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 102  
   
    
   
 137  
   
 
    Total deferred tax liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,072  
   
    
   
 1,080  
   
 
    Total net
deferred tax liability 
    
 $ 
            (544) 
   
    
   
      (577) 
   
 
   
  At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp recorded deferred tax assets of $7 million
and $9 million, respectively, related to state net operating loss carryforwards. The deferred tax assets relating to state net operating losses (primarily resulting from leasing operations) are presented net of specific valuation allowances of
$25 million and $27 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. If these carryforwards are not utilized, they will expire in varying amounts through 2037.  
 The Bancorp has determined that a valuation allowance is not needed against the remaining deferred tax assets as of
December 31, 2018 or 2017. The Bancorp considered all of the positive and negative evidence available to determine whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will ultimately be realized and, based upon that evidence, the
Bancorp believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets recorded at December 31, 2018 and 2017 will ultimately be realized. The Bancorp reached this conclusion as it is expected that the Bancorp’s remaining deferred tax
assets will be realized through the reversal of its existing taxable temporary differences and its projected future taxable income.  
 The IRS has concluded its examination of the Bancorp’s 2014 federal income tax return and is currently examining the
Bancorp’s 2015 and 2016 federal income tax returns. The statute of limitations for the Bancorp’s federal income tax returns remains open for tax
 

  
years 2015-2018. On occasion, as various state and local taxing jurisdictions examine the returns of the Bancorp and its subsidiaries, the Bancorp may agree to extend the statute of limitations
for a reasonable period of time. Otherwise, the statutes of limitations for state income tax returns remain open only for tax years in accordance with each state’s statutes.  
 Any interest and penalties incurred in connection with income taxes are recorded as a component of income tax expense in the
Consolidated Financial Statements. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Bancorp recognized $1 million, $2 million and $1 million, respectively, of interest expense in connection with income taxes. At both
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp had accrued interest liabilities, net of the related tax benefits, of $3 million. No material liabilities were recorded for penalties related to income taxes.  
 Retained earnings at December 31, 2018 and 2017 included $157 million in allocations of earnings for bad debt
deductions of former thrift subsidiaries for which no income tax has been provided. Under current tax law, if certain of the Bancorp’s subsidiaries use these bad debt reserves for purposes other than to absorb bad debt losses, they will be
subject to federal income tax at the current corporate tax rate.    

      166  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  20. RETIREMENT AND BENEFIT PLANS  
  
 
  The Bancorp’s qualified defined benefit plan’s benefits were frozen in 1998, except
for grandfathered employees. The Bancorp’s other retirement plans consist of  non-qualified  defined benefit plans which are frozen and funded on an  as-needed  basis.
A majority of these plans were obtained in acquisitions from prior years and are
 

  
included with the qualified defined benefit plan in the following tables (“the Plan”). The Bancorp recognizes the overfunded and underfunded status of the Plan as an asset and
liability, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    
      The overfunded and
underfunded amounts recognized in other assets and accrued taxes, interest and expense, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Prepaid benefit cost 
    
 $ 
                                 1 
   
   
   
                         - 
   
 
   Accrued benefit liability 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
 
   Net underfunded
status 
    
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   The following tables summarize the defined benefit retirement plans as of and for the years ended December 31:
   Plans with an overfunded status (a)   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Fair value of plan assets at January 1 
    
 $ 
                                 185 
   
   
   
                         - 
   
 
   Actual return on assets 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Settlement 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Fair value of plan
assets at December 31 
    
 $ 
 164 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation at January 1 
    
 $ 
 188 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Settlement 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Actuarial gain 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Projected benefit
obligation at December 31 
    
 $ 
 163 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Overfunded projected benefit obligation at December 31 
    
 $ 
 1 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Accumulated benefit
obligation at December 31 (b) 
    
 $ 
 163 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The Bancorp’s qualified defined benefit plan had an overfunded status at December 31, 2018. The
Plan was underfunded at December 31, 2017 and is reflected in the underfunded status table.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Since the Plan’s benefits are frozen, the rate of compensation increase is no longer an assumption
used to calculate the accumulated benefit obligation. Therefore, the accumulated benefit obligation was the same as the projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2018.  
 Plans with an underfunded status  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Fair value of plan assets at January 1 
    
 $ 
                                 - 
   
   
   
                         172 
   
 
   Actual return on assets 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 28 
   
 
   Contributions 
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 6 
   
 
   Settlement 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Fair value of plan
assets at December 31 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
   
   
 185 
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation at January 1 
    
 $ 
 21 
   
   
   
 206 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 8 
   
 
   Settlement 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 16 
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Projected benefit
obligation at December 31 
    
 $ 
 18 
   
   
   
 209 
   
 
   Underfunded projected benefit obligation at December 31 
    
 $ 
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
 
   Accumulated benefit
obligation at December 31 (a) 
    
 $ 
 18 
   
   
   
 209 
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Since the Plan’s benefits are frozen, the rate of compensation increase is no longer an assumption
used to calculate the accumulated benefit obligation. Therefore, the accumulated benefit obligation was the same as the projected benefit obligation at both  December  31, 2018  and
2017.  
   
  The estimated net actuarial loss for the Plan that will be amortized from AOCI into net
periodic benefit cost during 2019 is $6 million. The estimated net prior service cost for the Plan that will be
 

  
amortized from AOCI into net periodic benefit cost during 2019 is immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
   

      167  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following table summarizes net periodic benefit cost and other changes in the
Plan’s assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Components of net periodic benefit cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest cost 
    
 $ 
             7 
   
   
   
             8 
   
   
   
             9 
   
 
   Expected return on assets 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 11 
   
 
   Settlement 
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 7 
   
 
   Net periodic benefit
cost 
    
 $ 
 5 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 16 
   
 
   Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other
comprehensive income: 
     
 
   Net actuarial (gain) loss 
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Settlement 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Total recognized in other
comprehensive income 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and
other comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   Fair Value Measurements of Plan Assets  
 The following tables summarize Plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Fair Value Measurements Using (a) 
   
 
 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Level 1 (d) 
   
    
 Level 2 (d)        
   
    
 Level 3     
   
    
 Total Fair Value   
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
                 25       
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 25        
   
 
   Mutual and exchange-traded funds 
    
   
 46       
   
    
   
 -         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 46        
   
 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
    
   
 43       
   
    
   
 3         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 46        
   
 
   Mortgage-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 1         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 1        
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt
securities (b) 
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 18         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 18        
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
 $ 
 43       
   
    
   
 22         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 65        
   
 
   Total Plan assets, excluding collective funds 
    
 $ 
 114       
   
    
   
 22         
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 136        
   
 
   Collective funds (NAV) 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 28  (c)       
   
 
   Total Plan
assets 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
         164        
   
 
 
 (a) 
   For further information on fair value hierarchy levels, refer to Note 1.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes corporate bonds.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical
expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of Plan assets presented elsewhere within this
footnote.  
 
 
 (d) 
   During the year ended December 31, 2018, no assets or liabilities were transferred between Level 1 and
Level 2.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
    
    
 Fair Value Measurements Using (a) 
   
 
 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 Level 1 (d)      
   
    
 Level 2 (d)              
   
    
 Level 3           
   
    
 Total Fair Value   
   
 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
                 7     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 7        
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 27     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 27        
   
 
   Mutual and exchange-traded funds 
    
   
 92     
   
    
   
 -       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 92        
   
 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
    
   
 9     
   
    
   
 3       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 12        
   
 
   Mortgage-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 1       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 1        
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt
securities (b) 
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 17       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 17        
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
 $ 
 9     
   
    
   
 21       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 30        
   
 
   Total Plan assets, excluding collective funds 
    
 $ 
 135     
   
    
   
 21       
   
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 156        
   
 
   Collective funds (NAV) 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 29  (c)         
   
 
   Total Plan assets 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 185        
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   For further information on fair value hierarchy levels, refer to Note 1.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes corporate bonds.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical
expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of Plan assets presented elsewhere within this
footnote.  
 
 
 (d) 
   During the year ended December 31, 2017, no assets or liabilities were transferred between
Level 1 and Level 2.  
   
  The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at
fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.
 
  Cash equivalents  
 Cash equivalents are comprised of money market mutual funds that invest in short-term money market instruments that are issued and payable in
U.S. dollars. The Plan measures its cash equivalent funds that are exchange-traded using the fund’s quoted price, which is in an active market. Therefore, these investments are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.
   

      168  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Equity securities  
 The Plan measures its common stock using the stock’s quoted price which is available in an active market. Therefore, these investments
are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.    Mutual and exchange-traded funds  
 The Plan measures its mutual and exchange-traded funds, which are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, using the
funds’ quoted prices which are available in an active market. Therefore, these investments are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. The mutual and exchange-traded funds held by the Plan are open-ended funds and are
required to publicly publish their NAV on a daily basis. The funds are also required to transact and use the daily NAV as a basis for transactions. Therefore, the NAV reflects the fair value of the Plan’s investment.  
 Debt securities    Where quoted prices are
available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities include U.S. Treasury securities. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using
pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or DCFs. Examples of such instruments, which are classified within Level 2 of the
 

  
valuation hierarchy, include  non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities and other debt securities.  
 Collective funds    Investments in
collective funds are valued based upon the investee’s NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient. NAV is determined by the fund’s management by dividing the fund’s net assets at fair value by the number of units outstanding at the
valuation date. Investments valued using NAV as a practical expedient are not classified within the fair value hierarchy.    Plan Assumptions
   The Plan’s assumptions are evaluated annually and are updated as necessary. The discount rate assumption reflects the yield
on a portfolio of high quality fixed-income instruments that have a similar duration to the Plan’s liabilities. The expected long-term rate of return assumption reflects the average return expected on the assets invested to provide for the
Plan’s liabilities. In determining the expected long-term rate of return, the Bancorp evaluated actuarial and economic inputs, including long-term inflation rate assumptions and broad equity and bond indices long-term return projections, as
well as actual long-term historical plan performance.    
      The following table
summarizes the weighted-average plan assumptions for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018     
   
   
            2017     
   
   
            2016          
   
 
     
   
 
   For measuring benefit obligations at year
end: (a) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.10 
  %  
   
   
 3.47 
   
   
   
 3.97       
   
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 6.00 
   
   
   
 6.00 
   
   
   
 7.00       
   
 
   For measuring net periodic benefit
cost: (a) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 3.47 
   
   
   
 3.97 
   
   
   
 4.16       
   
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 6.00 
   
   
   
 6.00 
   
   
   
 7.00       
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Since the Plan’s benefits were frozen, except for grandfathered employees, the rate of compensation
increase is no longer applicable beginning in 2014 since minimal grandfathered employees are still accruing benefits.  
   
  Lowering both the expected rate of return on the plan assets and the discount rate by 0.25%
would have increased the 2018 pension expense by approximately $1 million.    Based on the actuarial assumptions, the
Bancorp expects to contribute $2 million to the Plan in 2019. Estimated pension benefit payments are $17 million for 2019 and $16 million for each of the years 2020 through 2023. The total estimated payments for the years 2024 through
2028 is $70 million.  
  Investment Policies and Strategies  
 The Bancorp’s policy for the investment of Plan assets is to employ investment strategies that achieve a range of weighted-average target
asset allocations relating to equity securities, fixed-income securities (including U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and corporate bonds), alternative strategies (including
traditional mutual funds, precious metals and commodities) and cash.    
  The following table provides the Bancorp’s targeted and actual weighted-average asset allocations by asset
category for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 
    
   
 Targeted Range (b)    
   
      
   
 2018     
   
      
   
 2017            
   
 
     
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
 
 
 
      
   
 67  % 
   
      
   
 76         
   
 
   Bancorp common stock 
    
 
 
 
      
   
 -       
   
      
   
 1         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total equity securities (a) 
    
   
 0-55       
 %  
      
   
 67       
   
      
   
 77         
   
 
   Fixed-income securities 
    
   
 50-100       
   
      
   
 23       
   
      
   
 16         
   
 
   Alternative strategies 
    
   
 0-5       
   
      
   
 3       
   
      
   
 3         
   
 
   Cash 
    
   
 0-100       
   
      
   
 7       
   
      
   
 4         
   
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
      
   
 100  % 
   
      
   
 100         
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes mutual and exchange-traded funds.  
 
 
 (b) 
   These reflect the targeted ranges for the year ended
 December  31, 2018 .  
   
  The Bancorp’s investment policy was revised during the third quarter of 2018. The asset
allocations as of December 31, 2018 were in line with the revised investment policy. Plan Management’s objective is to maintain the fully-funded status of the qualified defined benefit plan while also minimizing the risk of excess assets.
As a result, the portfolio assets of the qualified defined benefit plan will continue to increase the weighting of long duration fixed
 

  
income, or liability matching assets, as the funded status increases. There were no significant concentrations of risk associated with the investments of the Plan at December 31, 2018 and
2017.    Permitted asset classes of the Plan include cash and cash equivalents, fixed-income (domestic and  non-U.S.  bonds), equities (U.S.,  non-U.S.,  emerging markets and real estate investment trusts), equipment leasing and mortgages. The Plan utilizes derivative instruments
including puts, calls, straddles or other option strategies, as approved by management.    

      169  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  Fifth Third Bank, as Trustee, is expected to manage Plan assets in a manner
consistent with the Plan agreement and other regulatory, federal and state laws. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, $164 million and $185 million, respectively, of Plan assets were managed by Fifth Third Bank. The Fifth Third Bank
Pension, 401(k) and Medical Plan Committee (the “Committee”) is the plan administrator. The Trustee is required to provide to the Committee monthly and quarterly reports covering a list of Plan assets, portfolio performance, transactions
and asset allocation. The Trustee is also required to keep the Committee apprised of any material changes in the Trustee’s outlook and recommended investment policy. There were no fees paid by the Plan for investment management, accounting or
administrative services provided by the Trustee. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, there was no Bancorp common stock in Plan assets. Plan assets are not expected to be returned to the Bancorp during 2019.
 
  Other Information on Retirement and Benefit Plans  
 The Bancorp has a qualified defined contribution savings plan that allows participants to make voluntary 401(k) contributions on a  pre-tax  or Roth basis, subject to statutory limitations. The Bancorp amended and restated the qualified defined contribution savings plan in its entirety, effective as of January 1, 2015. Beginning with the
2015 plan year, the Bancorp provides a higher company 401(k) match contribution. Expenses recognized for matching contributions to the Bancorp’s qualified defined contribution savings plan were $83 million, $79 million and
$75 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Bancorp did not make profit sharing contributions during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. In addition, the Bancorp has a  non-qualified  defined contribution plan that allows certain employees to make voluntary contributions into a deferred compensation plan. Expenses recognized by the Bancorp for its
 non-qualified  defined contribution plan were $4 million for both of the years ended December, 31 2018 and 2017 and $3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016.
   

      170  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  21. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
     The tables below present the activity of the
components of OCI and AOCI for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
 Total OCI 
   
   
   
   
    
 Total AOCI 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
 Pre-tax Activity 
   
   
 Tax Effect 
   
   
 Net Activity 
   
   
   
   
    
 Beginning Balance (a) 
   
   
 Net Activity 
   
   
 Ending Balance 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Unrealized holding losses on
 available-for-sale  debt securities arising during the year 
   
 $ 
   
   
 (483 
 )  
   
   
 112 
   
   
   
 (371 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification adjustment
for net losses on  available-for-sale  debt securities included in net income 
   
 
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 9 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized losses on
 available-for-sale  debt securities 
   
 
   
   
 (472 
 )  
   
   
 110 
   
   
   
 (362 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 135 
   
   
   
 (362 
 )  
   
   
 (227 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding gains on cash flow hedge derivatives arising during the year 
   
 
   
   
 214 
   
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
   
 169 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification adjustment
for net losses on cash flow hedge derivatives included in net income 
   
 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedge derivatives 
   
 
   
   
 216 
   
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
   
 171 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 171 
   
   
   
 160 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial gain arising during the year 
   
 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification of amounts
to net periodic benefit costs 
   
 
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Defined benefit pension plans, net 
   
 
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 8 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (53 
 )  
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
   
   
 (246 
 )  
   
   
 63 
   
   
   
 (183 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 71 
   
   
   
 (183 
 )  
   
   
 (112 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   (a)   The Bancorp’s AOCI balance was adjusted as of
January 1, 2018 to reflect the adoption of new accounting standards. Refer to Note 1 for additional information. 
        
 
 
 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
 Total OCI 
   
   
   
   
    
 Total AOCI 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 2017 ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
       Pre-tax       Activity 
   
   
 Tax Effect 
   
   
 Net Activity 
   
   
   
   
    
 Beginning Balance 
   
   
 Net Activity 
   
   
 Ending Balance 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Unrealized holding gains on
 available-for-sale  securities arising during the year 
   
 $ 
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 21 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification adjustment
for net losses on  available-for-sale  securities included in net income 
   
 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains on
 available-for-sale  securities 
   
 
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 25 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 101 
   
   
   
 25 
   
   
   
 126 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding losses on cash flow hedge derivatives arising during the year 
   
 
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reclassification adjustment for net gains on cash flow hedge derivatives included in net
income 
   
 
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized losses on cash flow hedge derivatives 
   
 
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial gain arising during the year 
   
 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification of amounts
to net periodic benefit costs 
   
 
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Defined benefit pension plans, net 
   
 
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 8 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (52 
 )  
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 59 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 73 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
 Total OCI 
   
   
   
   
    
 Total AOCI 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 2016 ($ in millions) 
   
   
   
 Pre-tax Activity 
   
   
 Tax Effect 
   
   
 Net Activity 
   
   
   
   
    
 Beginning Balance 
   
   
 Net Activity 
   
   
 Ending Balance 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Unrealized holding losses on
 available-for-sale  securities arising during the year 
   
 $ 
   
   
 (196 
 )  
   
   
 66 
   
   
   
 (130 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification adjustment
for net gains on  available-for-sale  securities included in net income 
   
 
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains on
 available-for-sale  securities 
   
 
   
   
 (207 
 )  
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
 (137 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 238 
   
   
   
 (137 
 )  
   
   
 101 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding gains on cash flow hedge derivatives arising during the year 
   
 
   
   
 30 
   
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 19 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification adjustment
for net gains on cash flow hedge derivatives included in net income 
   
 
   
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedge derivatives 
   
 
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 22 
   
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 10 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss arising during the year 
   
 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Reclassification of amounts
to net periodic benefit costs 
   
 
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 12 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Defined benefit pension plans, net 
   
 
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 11 
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (63 
 )  
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 (52 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
   
   
 (209 
 )  
   
   
 71 
   
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 197 
   
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
   
 59 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
      171  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The table below presents reclassifications out of AOCI for the years ended December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 Components of AOCI: ($ in millions) 
    
   Consolidated Statements of 
 Income Caption 
   
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
     
   
 
   Net unrealized (losses) gains on
 available-for-sale  debt securities: (b) 
    
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net (losses) gains included in net income 
    
 Securities (losses) gains, net 
   
 $ 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 Income before income taxes 
   
 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
    
 Applicable income tax expense 
   
 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (4) 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 Net income 
   
 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedge derivatives: (b) 
    
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts related to C&I loans 
    
 Interest and fees on loans and leases 
   
 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 Income before income taxes 
   
 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
    
 Applicable income tax expense 
   
 
    
   
 -  
   
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (17) 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 Net income 
   
 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 31 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net periodic benefit
costs: (b) 
    
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
 Employee benefits expense (a) 
   
 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (11) 
   
 
   Settlements 
    
 Employee benefits expense (a) 
   
 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (7) 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 Income before income taxes 
   
 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (18) 
   
 
 
    
 Applicable income tax expense 
   
 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 Net income 
   
 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (12) 
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
    
     
     
   
 
        
    
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total reclassifications for the period 
    
 Net income 
   
 $ 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
               1 
   
   
   
               26 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. Refer to Note 20 for
information on the computation of net periodic benefit cost.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Amounts in parentheses indicate reductions to net income.  
      172  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  22. COMMON, PREFERRED AND TREASURY STOCK  
     The table presents a summary of
the share activity within common, preferred and treasury stock for the years ended:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
    
         Preferred Stock         
   
    
         Treasury Stock         
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions, except share data) 
   
 Value 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 Shares 
   
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2015 
   
 $ 
 2,051   
   
    
   
 923,892,581   
   
    
 $ 
 1,331   
   
    
   
 54,000   
   
    
 $ 
 (2,764) 
   
    
   
 138,812,267  
   
 
   Shares acquired for treasury 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 (668) 
   
    
   
 34,633,221  
   
 
   Impact of stock transactions under stock compensation plans, net 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
    
   
 42,357  
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 3  
   
    
   
 (74,563) 
   
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2016 
   
 $ 
 2,051   
   
    
   
 923,892,581   
   
    
 $ 
 1,331   
   
    
   
 54,000   
   
    
 $ 
 (3,433) 
   
    
   
 173,413,282  
   
 
     
   
 
   Shares acquired for treasury 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 (1,588) 
   
    
   
 58,493,506  
   
 
   Impact of stock transactions under stock compensation plans, net 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 16  
   
    
   
 (1,693,503) 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 3  
   
    
   
 (125,597) 
   
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2017 
   
 $ 
 2,051   
   
    
   
 923,892,581   
   
    
 $ 
 1,331   
   
    
   
 54,000   
   
    
 $ 
 (5,002) 
   
    
   
 230,087,688  
   
 
     
   
 
   Shares acquired for treasury 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 (1,494) 
   
    
   
 49,967,134  
   
 
   Impact of stock transactions under stock compensation plans, net 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 (2,698,451) 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 -   
   
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 (94,647) 
   
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2018 
   
 $ 
         2,051   
   
    
   
 923,892,581   
   
    
 $ 
     1,331   
   
    
   
 54,000   
   
    
 $ 
     (6,471) 
   
    
   
 277,261,724   
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Preferred Stock—Series J  
 On June 5, 2014, the Bancorp issued, in a registered public offering, 300,000 depositary shares, representing 12,000 shares of 4.90%
fixed to floating-rate  non-cumulative  Series J perpetual preferred stock, for net proceeds of $297 million. Each preferred share has a $25,000 liquidation preference. The preferred stock accrues
dividends, on a  non-cumulative  semi-annual basis, at an annual rate of 4.90% through but excluding September 30, 2019, at which time it converts to a quarterly floating-rate dividend of three-month LIBOR
plus 3.129%. Subject to any required regulatory approval, the Bancorp may redeem the Series J preferred shares at its option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after September 30, 2019, or any time prior following a regulatory capital
event. The Series J preferred shares are not convertible into Bancorp common shares or any other securities.    Preferred Stock—Series I
   On December 9, 2013, the Bancorp issued, in a registered public offering, 18,000,000 depositary shares, representing 18,000
shares of 6.625% fixed to floating-rate  non-cumulative  Series I perpetual preferred stock, for net proceeds of $441 million. Each preferred share has a $25,000 liquidation preference. The preferred stock
accrues dividends, on a  non-cumulative  quarterly basis, at an annual rate of 6.625% through but excluding December 31, 2023, at which time it converts to a quarterly floating-rate dividend of three-month
LIBOR plus 3.71%. Subject to any required regulatory approval, the Bancorp may redeem the Series I preferred shares at its option in whole or in part, at any time on or after December 31, 2023 and may redeem in whole but not in part, following
a regulatory capital event at any time prior to December 31, 2023. The Series I preferred shares are not convertible into Bancorp common shares or any other securities.  
 Preferred Stock—Series H  
 On May 16, 2013, the Bancorp issued, in a registered public offering, 600,000 depositary shares, representing 24,000 shares of 5.10%
fixed to floating-rate  non-cumulative  Series H perpetual preferred stock, for net proceeds of $593 million. Each preferred share has a $25,000 liquidation preference. The preferred stock accrues
dividends, on a  non-cumulative  semi-annual basis, at an annual rate of 5.10% through but excluding June 30, 2023, at which time it converts to a quarterly floating-rate dividend of three-month LIBOR plus
3.033%. Subject to any required regulatory approval, the Bancorp may redeem the Series H preferred shares at its option in whole or in part, at any time on or after June 30, 2023 and may redeem in whole but not in part, following a regulatory
capital event
 

  
at any time prior to June 30, 2023. The Series H preferred shares are not convertible into Bancorp common shares or any other securities.  
 Treasury Stock    On
February 27, 2018, the Board of Directors authorized the Bancorp to repurchase up to 100 million common shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and to utilize any derivative or similar instrument to effect share
repurchase transactions. This share repurchase authorization replaced the Board’s previous authorization from March of 2016.  
 On June 29, 2016, the Bancorp announced the results of its capital plan submitted to the FRB as part of the 2016 CCAR.
The FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the potential repurchase of $660 million of common shares with the additional ability to repurchase common shares in an amount equal to any
 after-tax  gains realized by the Bancorp from the sale of Vantiv, Inc. common stock or from the termination and settlement of any portion of the TRA with Vantiv, Inc., if executed, for the period beginning
July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017.    On June 28, 2017, the Bancorp announced the results of its
capital plan submitted to the FRB as part of the 2017 CCAR. The FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the potential repurchase of $1.161 billion of common shares with the additional ability to repurchase common shares in an
amount equal to any  after-tax  gains realized by the Bancorp from the sale of Vantiv, Inc. common stock or from the termination and settlement of any portion of the TRA with Vantiv, Inc., if executed, for the
period beginning July 1, 2017 and ending June 30, 2018.    On June 28, 2018, the Bancorp announced the
results of its capital plan submitted to the FRB as part of the 2018 CCAR. The FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the potential repurchase of $1.651 billion of common shares with the additional ability to repurchase common
shares in an amount equal to any  after-tax  gains realized by the Bancorp from the sale of Worldpay, Inc. common stock or from the termination and settlement of any portion of the TRA with Worldpay, Inc., if
executed, for the period beginning July 1, 2018 and ending June 30, 2019.    On May 21, 2018, the Bancorp
announced the planned acquisition of MB Financial, Inc. As a result of this transaction, the FRB required the Bancorp to resubmit its CCAR plan recognizing the pro forma impact of the combined Fifth Third/MB Financial, Inc. post-merger entity. On
October 5, 2018, Fifth Third resubmitted its capital plan to the FRB. On December 27, 2018, the FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the resubmitted capital plan.
   

      173  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  The resubmitted capital plan called for no change to the originally submitted total capital
actions over the 2018 CCAR approval horizon (the third quarter of 2018 through the second quarter of 2019). However, the share repurchase authority increased from $1.651 billion to $1.81 billion as a result of after-tax gains related to the sale of
Worldpay, Inc. common stock.    The Bancorp entered into a number of accelerated share repurchase transactions during the
years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. As part of these transactions, the Bancorp entered into forward contracts in which the final number of shares delivered at
 

  
settlement was based generally on a discount to the average daily volume weighted-average price of the Bancorp’s common stock during the term of these repurchase agreements. The accelerated
share repurchases were treated as two separate transactions: (i) the repurchase of treasury shares on the repurchase date and (ii) a forward contract indexed to the Bancorp’s common stock.
   
      The following table
presents a summary of the Bancorp’s accelerated share repurchase transactions that were entered into or settled during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
    
 Shares Repurchased on 
   
    
 Shares Received from 
   
    
 Total Shares 
   
    
   
   
 
 Repurchase Date 
   
 Amount ($ in millions)     
   
    
 Repurchase Date 
   
    
 Forward Contract Settlement 
   
    
 Repurchased 
   
    
 Settlement Date   
   
 
     
   
 
   December 20, 2016 
   
   
 155 
   
    
   
 4,843,750 
   
    
   
 1,044,362 
   
    
   
 5,888,112 
   
    
   
 February 6, 2017 
   
 
   May 1, 2017 
   
   
 342 
   
    
   
 11,641,971 
   
    
   
 2,248,250 
   
    
   
 13,890,221 
   
    
   
 July 31, 2017 
   
 
   August 17, 2017 
   
   
 990 
   
    
   
 31,540,480 
   
    
   
 4,291,170 
   
    
   
      35,831,650 
   
    
   
 December 18, 2017 
   
 
   December 19, 2017 
   
   
 273 
   
    
   
 7,727,273 
   
    
   
 824,367 
   
    
   
 8,551,640 
   
    
   
 March 19, 2018 
   
 
   February 12, 2018 
   
   
 318 
   
    
   
 8,691,318 
   
    
   
 1,015,731 
   
    
   
 9,707,049 
   
    
   
 March 26, 2018 
   
 
   May 25, 2018 
   
   
 235 
   
    
   
 6,402,244 
   
    
   
 1,172,122 
   
    
   
 7,574,366 
   
    
   
 June 15, 2018 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Open Market Share Repurchase Transactions  
 Between July 20, 2018 and August 2, 2018, the Bancorp repurchased 16,945,020 shares, or approximately $500 million, of its
outstanding common stock through open market repurchase transactions, which settled between July 24, 2018 and August 6, 2018.
 
  Between October 24, 2018 and November 9, 2018, the Bancorp
repurchased 14,916,332 shares, or approximately $400 million, of its outstanding common stock through open market repurchase transactions, which settled between October 26, 2018 and November 14, 2018.
   
      23.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION      
 The Bancorp has historically emphasized employee stock ownership.  
 The following table provides detail of the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock-based awards and remaining shares
available for future issuance under all of the Bancorp’s equity compensation plans approved by shareholders as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
 
 Plan Category (shares in thousands) 
    
 Number of Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise 
   
   
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price Per Share 
   
    
 Shares Available for   Future Issuance     
 
     
 
   Equity compensation plans 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     13,290  (a) 
 
   SARs 
    
   
 (b 
 )   
   
   
 -     
   
    
                 (a) 
 
   RSAs 
    
   
 868 
   
   
   
 -     
   
    
                 (a) 
 
   RSUs 
    
   
 8,020 
   
   
   
 -     
   
    
                 (a) 
 
   PSAs 
    
   
 (c 
 )   
   
   
 -     
   
    
                 (a) 
 
   Employee stock purchase plan 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     5,181  (d) 
 
     
 
   Total shares 
    
   
 8,888 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 18,471     
 
     
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Under the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan, 17.5 million shares were authorized for issuance as SARs,
RSAs, RSUs, stock options, performance share or unit awards, dividend or dividend equivalent rights and stock awards.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The number of shares to be issued upon exercise will be determined at exercise based on the difference
between the grant price and the market price on the date of exercise and the calculation of taxes owed on the exercise.  
 
 
 (c) 
   The number of shares to be issued is dependent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance
targets and ranges from zero shares to approximately 2 million shares.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Represents remaining shares of Fifth Third common stock under the Bancorp’s 1993 Stock Purchase Plan,
as amended and restated, including an additional 1.5 million shares approved by shareholders on March 28, 2007 and an additional 12 million shares approved by shareholders on April 21, 2009.  
   
  Stock-based awards are eligible for issuance under the Bancorp’s Incentive Compensation
Plan to executives, directors and key employees of the Bancorp and its subsidiaries. The 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan was approved by shareholders on April 18, 2017 and authorized the issuance of up to 6 million shares, in addition to
the 11.5 million unused shares from the 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan, as equity compensation and provides for SARs, RSAs, RSUs, stock options, performance share or unit awards, dividend or dividend equivalent rights and stock awards. Based
on total stock-based awards outstanding (including SARs, RSAs, RSUs and PSAs) and shares remaining for future grants under the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan, the potential dilution to which the Bancorp’s shareholders of common stock are
exposed due to the potential that stock-based compensation will be awarded to executives, directors or key employees of the Bancorp and its subsidiaries is 8%. SARs, RSAs, RSUs and PSAs outstanding represent 6% of the Bancorp’s issued shares at
December 31, 2018.  
  All of the Bancorp’s stock-based awards are to be settled with stock.
The Bancorp has historically used treasury stock to settle stock-based awards, when available. SARs, issued at fair value based on the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the date of grant, have up to ten year terms and vest and
become exercisable ratably over a three or four year period of continued employment. The Bancorp does not grant discounted SARs or stock options,  re-price  previously granted SARs or stock options or grant
reload stock options. RSAs and RSUs are released after three or four years or ratably over three or four years of continued employment. RSAs include dividend and voting rights while RSUs receive dividend equivalents only. Stock options were
previously issued at fair value based on the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the date of grant, had up to ten year terms and vested and became fully exercisable ratably over a three or four year period of continued employment.
   

      174  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 
  
PSAs have three year cliff vesting terms with market conditions and/or performance conditions as defined by the plan. All of the Bancorp’s executive stock-based awards contain an annual
performance hurdle of 2% return on tangible common equity. If this threshold is not met in any one of the three years during the performance period,  one-third  of PSAs are forfeited. Additionally, if this
threshold is not met, all SARs, RSAs and RSUs that would vest in the next year may also be forfeited at the discretion of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Bancorp met this threshold as of December 31,
2018.  
  Stock-based compensation expense was $127 million, $118 million and
$111 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and is included in salaries, wages and incentives in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The total related income tax benefit recognized was
$27 million, $41 million and $39 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    Stock
Appreciation Rights    The Bancorp uses assumptions, which are evaluated and revised as necessary, in estimating the grant-date fair
value of each SAR grant.    
      The weighted-average
assumptions were as follows for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018         
   
   
 2017         
   
    
 2016             
   
 
     
   
 
   Expected life (in years) 
    
   
 7  
   
   
   
 6 
   
    
   
 6     
   
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 35  
 %  
   
   
 37 
   
    
   
 37     
   
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 1.9  
   
   
   
 2.1 
   
    
   
 3.1     
   
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.6  
   
   
   
 2.1 
   
    
   
 1.5     
   
 
     
   
 
   
  The expected life is generally derived from historical exercise patterns and represents the
amount of time that SARs granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and implied volatilities of the Bancorp’s common stock. The expected dividend yield is based on annual dividends
divided by the Bancorp’s stock price. Annual dividends are based on projected dividends, estimated using an expected long-term dividend payout ratio, over the estimated life of the awards. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the
contractual life of the SARs is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
 
  The grant-date fair value of SARs is measured using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model.   The weighted-average grant-date fair value of SARs granted was $11.33, $8.55 and $5.16 per share for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of SARs that
vested during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $26 million, $29 million and $32 million, respectively.  
 At December 31, 2018, there was $17 million of stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding SARs not
yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over an estimated remaining weighted-average period at December 31, 2018 of 1.7 years.
   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 SARs (in thousands, except per share data) 
    
   
   
   
 Number of SARs 
   
   
    Weighted-    Average Grant    Price Per Share 
   
   
 Number of SARs 
   
   
    Weighted-    Average Grant    Price Per Share 
   
   
 Number of SARs 
   
   
    Weighted-    Average Grant     Price Per Share  
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at January 1 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 31,929  
   
   
 $ 
 17.22       
   
   
   
 40,041  
   
   
 $ 
 18.30       
   
   
   
 44,129  
   
   
 $ 
 19.14       
   
 
   Granted 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 272  
   
   
   
 33.15       
   
   
   
 3,672  
   
   
   
 26.52       
   
   
   
 6,379  
   
   
   
 17.68       
   
 
   Exercised 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (5,058) 
   
   
   
 16.96       
   
   
   
 (6,953) 
   
   
   
 16.00       
   
   
   
 (6,291) 
   
   
   
 14.47       
   
 
   Forfeited or expired 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (947) 
   
   
   
 20.93       
   
   
   
 (4,831) 
   
   
   
 35.08       
   
   
   
 (4,176) 
   
   
   
 32.02       
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 26,196  
   
   
 $ 
 17.30       
   
   
   
 31,929  
   
   
 $ 
 17.22       
   
   
   
 40,041  
   
   
 $ 
 18.30       
   
 
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 31 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 20,132  
   
   
 $ 
 15.90       
   
   
   
 21,403  
   
   
 $ 
 15.30       
   
   
   
 26,898  
   
   
 $ 
 18.28       
   
 
     
   
   The following table summarizes outstanding and exercisable SARs by grant price per share at December 31,
2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 Outstanding SARs 
   
   
   
   
   
 Exercisable SARs 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 SARs (in thousands, except per share data) 
   
 Number of SARs 
   
   
    Weighted-    Average Grant    Price Per Share 
   
   
   Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 (in years) 
   
   
   
   
   
 Number of SARs 
   
   
    Weighted-    Average Grant    Price Per Share 
   
   
   Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 (in years) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Under $10.00 
   
   
 1,426  
   
   
 $ 
 3.96       
   
   
   
 0.3        
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,441  
   
   
 $ 
 3.96       
   
   
   
 0.3        
   
 
   $10.01-$20.00 
   
   
 19,145  
   
   
   
 16.10       
   
   
   
 4.7        
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 15,631  
   
   
   
 15.67       
   
   
   
 4.1        
   
 
   $20.01-$30.00 
   
   
 5,353  
   
   
   
 24.33       
   
   
   
 6.8        
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,060  
   
   
   
 22.69       
   
   
   
 5.9        
   
 
   $30.01-$40.00 
   
   
 272  
   
   
   
 33.15       
   
   
   
 9.1        
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -        
   
 
     
   
 
   All SARs 
   
   
 26,196  
   
   
 $ 
 17.30       
   
   
   
 4.9        
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 20,132  
   
   
 $ 
 15.90       
   
   
   
 4.1        
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Restricted Stock Awards  
 The total grant-date fair value of RSAs that were released during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $27 million,
$39 million and $55 million, respectively. At December 31, 2018, there was $4 million of stock-based compensation expense related
 

  
to outstanding RSAs not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over an estimated remaining weighted-average period at December 31, 2018 of 0.5 years.
   

      175  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
                     2018            
         
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 RSAs (in thousands, except per share data) 
    
 Shares  
   
   
 
   Weighted-Average   Grant-Date 
   Fair Value 
   Per Share 
   
   
 Shares  
   
   
 
   Weighted-Average   Grant-Date 
   Fair Value 
   Per Share 
   
   
 Shares  
   
   
 
   Weighted-Average     Grant-Date   
   Fair Value   
   Per Share   
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at January 1 
    
   
 2,321 
   
   
 $ 
 19.72           
   
   
   
 4,638 
   
   
 $ 
 19.44       
   
   
   
 8,281 
   
   
 $ 
 18.88       
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -             
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 21.14       
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 20.65       
   
 
   Released 
    
   
 (1,347 
 )  
   
   
 20.09           
   
   
   
 (2,063 
 )  
   
   
 19.10       
   
   
   
 (3,090 
 )  
   
   
 17.92       
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (106 
 )  
   
   
 19.40           
   
   
   
 (261 
 )  
   
   
 19.75       
   
   
   
 (556 
 )  
   
   
 19.20       
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31 
    
   
 868 
   
   
 $ 
 19.18           
   
   
   
 2,321 
   
   
 $ 
 19.72       
   
   
   
 4,638 
   
   
 $ 
 19.44       
   
 
     
   
   The following table summarizes outstanding RSAs by grant-date fair value at December 31, 2018:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
             Outstanding RSAs             
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 RSAs (in thousands) 
    
      Shares      
   
    
   Weighted-Average       Remaining     Contractual Life     (in
years)   
   
 
     
   
 
   $15.01-$20.00 
    
   
 775 
   
    
   
 0.5           
   
 
   Over $20.00 
    
   
 93 
   
    
   
 0.5           
   
 
     
   
 
   All RSAs 
    
   
 868 
   
    
   
 0.5           
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Restricted Stock Units  
 The total grant-date fair value of RSUs that were released during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $42 million,
$21 million and $2 million, respectively. At December 31, 2018,
 

  
there was $115 million of stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over an estimated remaining
weighted-average period at December 31, 2018 of 2.4 years.    
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
                     2018            
         
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 RSUs (in thousands, except per unit data) 
    
 Units  
   
   
 
   Weighted-Average   Grant-Date 
   Fair Value 
   Per Unit 
   
   
 Units  
   
   
   Weighted-Average   Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit 
   
   
 Units  
   
   
 
   Weighted-Average     Grant-Date 
   Fair Value 
   Per Unit 
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at January 1 
    
   
 6,986 
   
   
 $ 
 22.25           
   
   
   
 5,086 
   
   
 $ 
 17.84       
   
   
   
 371 
   
   
 $ 
 19.56       
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 3,674 
   
   
   
 32.84           
   
   
   
 3,652 
   
   
   
 26.71       
   
   
   
 5,029 
   
   
   
 17.75       
   
 
   Released 
    
   
 (1,977 
 )  
   
   
 21.15           
   
   
   
 (1,194 
 )  
   
   
 17.64       
   
   
   
 (79 
 )  
   
   
 19.76       
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (663 
 )  
   
   
 26.45           
   
   
   
 (558 
 )  
   
   
 21.02       
   
   
   
 (235 
 )  
   
   
 17.89       
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31 
    
   
 8,020 
   
   
 $ 
 27.04           
   
   
   
 6,986 
   
   
 $ 
 22.25       
   
   
   
 5,086 
   
   
 $ 
 17.84       
   
 
     
   
   The following table summarizes outstanding RSUs by grant-date fair value at December 31, 2018:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
         Outstanding RSUs         
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 RSUs (in thousands) 
    
      Units      
   
    
   Weighted-Average       Remaining     Contractual Life     (in
years)   
   
 
     
   
 
   $10.01-$15.00 
    
   
 201 
   
    
   
 0.1         
   
 
   $15.01-$20.00 
    
   
 1,799 
   
    
   
 0.7         
   
 
   $20.01-$25.00 
    
   
 191 
   
    
   
 0.5         
   
 
   $25.01-$30.00 
    
   
 2,489 
   
    
   
 1.2         
   
 
   $30.01-$35.00 
    
   
 3,340 
   
    
   
 1.6         
   
 
     
   
 
   All RSUs 
    
   
 8,020 
   
    
   
 1.2         
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Stock Options  
 The grant-date fair value of stock options is measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.   There were no stock options
granted during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.    The total intrinsic value of stock options
exercised was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Cash received from stock options exercised was immaterial for both the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 and $1 million for the
 

  
year ended December 31, 2016. The tax benefit realized from exercised stock options was immaterial to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements during the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. All stock options were vested as of December 31, 2008, therefore, no stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 or 2016. As of December 31, 2018, the aggregate intrinsic
value of both outstanding stock options and exercisable stock options was zero.    

      176  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Stock Options (in thousands, except per share data) 
   
   Number of Options 
   
   
   Weighted-Average Exercise Price 
 Per Share 
   
   
 Number of Options 
   
   
   Weighted-Average Exercise Price 
 Per Share 
   
   
 Number of Options 
   
   
   Weighted-Average  Exercise Price  
 Per Share 
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at January 1 
   
   
 2     
   
   
 $ 
                 16.50           
   
   
   
 25     
   
   
 $ 
                 19.17           
   
   
   
 119    
   
   
 $ 
                 14.97           
   
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (1)    
   
   
   
 8.59           
   
   
   
 (18)    
   
   
   
 14.05           
   
   
   
 (94)    
   
   
   
 13.86           
   
 
   Forfeited or expired 
   
   
 (1)    
   
   
   
 24.41           
   
   
   
 (5)    
   
   
   
 40.98           
   
   
   
 -     
   
   
   
 -            
   
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31 
   
   
 -     
   
   
 $ 
 -            
   
   
   
 2     
   
   
 $ 
 16.50           
   
   
   
 25    
   
   
 $ 
 19.17           
   
 
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 31 
   
   
 -     
   
   
 $ 
 -            
   
   
   
 2     
   
   
 $ 
 16.50           
   
   
   
 25    
   
   
 $ 
 19.17           
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Other Stock-Based Compensation  
 PSAs are payable contingent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets over the three-year measurement period. Awards
granted during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 will be entirely settled in stock. The performance targets are based on the Bancorp’s performance relative to a defined peer group. PSAs use a performance-based metric based
on return on tangible common equity in relation to peers. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, 279,568, 407,069 and 583,608 PSAs, respectively, were granted by the Bancorp. These awards were granted at a weighted-average
grant-date fair value of
 

  
$33.15, $26.52 and $14.87 per unit during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 The Bancorp sponsors an employee stock purchase plan that allows qualifying employees to purchase shares of the
Bancorp’s common stock with a 15% match. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, there were 471,818, 475,466 and 684,885 shares, respectively, purchased by participants and the Bancorp recognized stock-based compensation
expense of $2 million, $1 million and $1 million in each of the respective years.    

      177  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  24. OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE  
     The following table presents the
major components of other noninterest income and other noninterest expense for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018      
   
    
 2017     
   
    
 2016        
   
 
     
   
 
   Other noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gain related to Vantiv, Inc.‘s acquisition of Worldpay Group plc. 
    
 $ 
 414  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Gain on sale of Worldpay, Inc. shares 
    
   
 205  
   
    
   
 1,037  
   
    
   
 -      
   
 
   Operating lease income 
    
   
 84  
   
    
   
 96  
   
    
   
 102      
   
 
   Private equity investment income 
    
   
 63  
   
    
   
 36  
   
    
   
 11      
   
 
   BOLI income 
    
   
 56  
   
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 53      
   
 
   Cardholder fees 
    
   
 56  
   
    
   
 54  
   
    
   
 46      
   
 
   Consumer loan and lease fees 
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 23      
   
 
   Banking center income 
    
   
 21  
   
    
   
 20  
   
    
   
 20      
   
 
   Income from the TRA associated with Worldpay, Inc. 
    
   
 20  
   
    
   
 44  
   
    
   
 313      
   
 
   Insurance income 
    
   
 20  
   
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 11      
   
 
   Net gains (losses) on loan sales 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 10      
   
 
   Equity method income from interest in Worldpay Holding, LLC 
    
   
 1  
   
    
   
 47  
   
    
   
 66      
   
 
   Loss on swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
    
   
 (59) 
   
    
   
 (80) 
   
    
   
 (56)     
   
 
   Net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 (43) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 (13)     
   
 
   Valuation adjustments on the warrant associated with Worldpay Holding, LLC 
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 64      
   
 
   Gain on sales of certain retail branches 
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 19      
   
 
   Gain on sale and exercise of the warrant associated with Worldpay Holding, LLC 
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 9      
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 24  
   
    
   
 22  
   
    
   
 10      
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other noninterest income 
    
 $ 
 887  
   
    
   
 1,357  
   
    
   
 688      
   
 
     
   
 
   Other noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Marketing 
    
 $ 
 147  
   
    
   
 114  
   
    
   
 104      
   
 
   FDIC insurance and other taxes 
    
   
 119  
   
    
   
 127  
   
    
   
 126      
   
 
   Loan and lease 
    
   
 112  
   
    
   
 102  
   
    
   
 110      
   
 
   Operating lease 
    
   
 76  
   
    
   
 87  
   
    
   
 86      
   
 
   Professional service fees 
    
   
 67  
   
    
   
 83  
   
    
   
 61      
   
 
   Losses and adjustments 
    
   
 61  
   
    
   
 59  
   
    
   
 73      
   
 
   Data processing 
    
   
 57  
   
    
   
 58  
   
    
   
 51      
   
 
   Travel 
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 46  
   
    
   
 45      
   
 
   Postal and courier 
    
   
 35  
   
    
   
 42  
   
    
   
 46      
   
 
   Recruitment and education 
    
   
 32  
   
    
   
 35  
   
    
   
 37      
   
 
   Donations 
    
   
 21  
   
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 23      
   
 
   Supplies 
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 14  
   
    
   
 14      
   
 
   Insurance 
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 12  
   
    
   
 15      
   
 
   (Gain) loss on partnership investments 
    
   
 (4) 
   
    
   
 14  
   
    
   
 25      
   
 
   (Benefit from) provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments 
    
   
 (30) 
   
    
   
 -  
   
    
   
 23      
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 219  
   
    
   
 186  
   
    
   
 187      
   
 
     
   
 
   Total other noninterest expense 
    
 $ 
         990  
   
    
   
       1,007  
   
    
   
       1,026      
   
 
     
   
 
      178  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  25. EARNINGS PER SHARE  
     The following table provides the
calculation of earnings per share and the reconciliation of earnings per share and earnings per diluted share for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 ($ in millions, except per share data) 
   
   
   
 Income 
   
   
   Average   Shares 
   
   
 Per Share Amount 
   
   
 Income 
   
   
   Average   Shares 
   
   
 Per Share Amount 
   
   
 Income 
   
   
   Average   Shares 
   
   
 Per Share   Amount   
   
 
     
   
 
   Earnings Per Share: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income available to common shareholders 
   
 
   
   
 2,118 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,105 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,472 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Less: Income allocated to participating securities 
   
 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net income allocated to common shareholders 
   
 $ 
   
   
 2,095 
   
   
   
 673 
   
   
   
 3.11 
   
   
   
 2,082 
   
   
   
 728 
   
   
   
 2.86 
   
   
   
 1,457 
   
   
   
 757 
   
   
   
 1.92 
   
 
     
   
 
   Earnings Per Diluted Share: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income available to common shareholders 
   
 $ 
   
   
 2,118 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,105 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,472 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Stock-based awards 
   
 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net income available to common shareholders plus assumed conversions 
   
 
   
   
 2,118 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,105 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,472 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Less: Income allocated to participating securities 
   
 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Net income allocated to common shareholders plus assumed conversions 
   
 $ 
   
   
         2,095 
   
   
   
 685 
   
   
   
 3.06 
   
   
   
 2,082 
   
   
   
 741 
   
   
   
 2.81 
   
   
   
 1,457 
   
   
   
 764 
   
   
   
 1.91 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Shares are excluded from the computation of earnings per diluted share when their inclusion has
an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share. The diluted earnings per share computation for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 excludes 3 million, 4 million and 19 million, respectively, of SARs. The diluted
earnings per share computation for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 excludes an immaterial amount of stock options because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.  
 The diluted earnings per share computation for the year ended December 31, 2017 excludes the impact of the forward
contract related to the December 19, 2017 accelerated share repurchase transaction. Based upon the average daily volume weighted-average price of the Bancorp’s common stock during the fourth quarter of 2017, the counterparty to the
transaction would have been required to deliver additional shares for the settlement of the forward
 

  
contract as of December 31, 2017, and thus the impact of the forward contract related to the accelerated share repurchase transaction would have been anti-dilutive to earnings per share.
   The diluted earnings per share computation for the year ended December 31, 2016 excludes the impact of the forward
contract related to the December 20, 2016 accelerated share repurchase transaction. Based upon the average daily volume weighted-average price of the Bancorp’s common stock during the fourth quarter of 2016, the counterparty to the
transaction would have been required to deliver additional shares for the settlement of the forward contract as of December 31, 2016, and thus the impact of the forward contract related to the accelerated share repurchase transaction would have
been anti-dilutive to earnings per share.    

      179  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  
  
 
  The Bancorp measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with
U.S. GAAP, which defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP also establishes a fair value
hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
 

  
to measure fair value into three broad levels. For more information regarding the fair value hierarchy and how the Bancorp measures fair value, refer to Note 1.
   
      Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis    The following tables summarize assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis
as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
      Level 1 (c)       
   
   
      Level 2 (c)       
   
   
     Level 3       
   
   
   Total Fair Value     
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
   
 $ 
 97 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 97   
   
 
   Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 2   
   
 
   Mortgage-backed securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Agency residential mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 16,247 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 16,247   
   
 
   Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 10,650 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 10,650   
   
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 3,267 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 3,267   
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,015 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 2,015   
   
 
     
   
 
 
   Available-for-sale  debt
and other securities (a) 
   
   
 97 
   
   
   
 32,181 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 32,278   
   
 
   Trading debt securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
    U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 16   
   
 
    Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 35   
   
 
    Agency residential mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 68 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 68   
   
 
    Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 168 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 168   
   
 
     
   
 
     Trading debt securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 287 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 287   
   
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 452 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 452   
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans held for sale 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 537 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 537   
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (b) 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 179   
   
   
   
 179   
   
 
   Commercial loans held for sale 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 7   
   
 
   MSRs 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 938   
   
   
   
 938   
   
 
   Derivative assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
    
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 648 
   
   
   
 7   
   
   
   
 655   
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 152 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 152   
   
 
   Commodity contracts 
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
 214 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 307   
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivative assets (d) 
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
 1,014 
   
   
   
 7   
   
   
   
 1,114   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 642 
   
   
   
 34,026 
   
   
   
 1,124   
   
   
   
 35,792   
   
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
   
 $ 
 8 
   
   
   
 313 
   
   
   
 8   
   
   
   
 329   
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 142 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 142   
   
 
   Equity contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 125   
   
   
   
 125   
   
 
   Commodity contracts 
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 259 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 278   
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivative liabilities (e) 
   
   
 27 
   
   
   
 714 
   
   
   
 133   
   
   
   
 874   
   
 
   Short positions (e) 
   
   
 110 
   
   
   
 28 
   
   
   
 -   
   
   
   
 138   
   
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 $ 
 137 
   
   
   
 742 
   
   
   
 133   
   
   
   
 1,012   
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes FHLB, FRB and DTCC restricted stock holdings totaling  $184 ,  $366
 and  $ 2 , respectively, at  December  31, 2018 .  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale and subsequently transferred to held for
investment.  
 
 
 (c) 
   During the year ended  December  31,
2018 , no assets or liabilities were transferred between Level 1 and Level 2.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
      180  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
   
             Level 1 (c)         
  
   
   
     Level 2 (c)           
   
   
     Level 3     
   
   
 Total Fair Value     
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
   
 $ 
 98 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 98  
   
 
   Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 44 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 44  
   
 
   Mortgage-backed securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Agency residential mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 15,319 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 15,319  
   
 
   Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 10,167 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 10,167  
   
 
   Non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities 

   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 3,293 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 3,293  
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,218 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,218  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 Available-for-sale  debt and other
securities (a) 
   
   
 98 
   
   
   
 31,041 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 31,139  
   
 
   Trading debt securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 12  
   
 
   Obligations of states and political subdivisions securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 22 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 22  
   
 
   Residential mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 395 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 395  
   
 
   Asset-backed securities and other debt securities 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 63 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 63  
   
 
     
   
 
   Trading debt securities 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 491 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 492  
   
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 438 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 439  
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans held for sale 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 399 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 399  
   
 
   Residential mortgage
loans (b) 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 137 
   
   
   
 137  
   
 
   MSRs 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 858 
   
   
   
 858  
   
 
   Derivative assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 505 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 514  
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 124 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 124  
   
 
   Equity contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 20  
   
 
   Commodity contracts 
   
   
 39 
   
   
   
 126 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 165  
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivative assets (d) 
   
   
 40 
   
   
   
 775 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 823  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 577 
   
   
   
 32,707 
   
   
   
 1,003 
   
   
   
 34,287  
   
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
   
 172 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 178  
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 120 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 120  
   
 
   Equity contracts 
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 137 
   
   
   
 137  
   
 
   Commodity contracts 
   
   
 38 
   
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 167  
   
 
     
   
 
   Derivative liabilities (e) 
   
   
 39 
   
   
   
 421 
   
   
   
 142 
   
   
   
 602  
   
 
   Short positions (e) 
   
   
 25 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 31  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 $ 
 64 
   
   
   
 427 
   
   
   
 142 
   
   
   
 633  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Excludes FHLB, FRB and DTCC restricted stock holdings totaling $248, $362 and $2, respectively, at
December 31, 2017.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale and subsequently transferred to held for
investment.  
 
 
 (c) 
   During the year ended December 31, 2017, no assets or liabilities were transferred between
Level 1 and Level 2.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
   
  The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for significant instruments
measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.  
 Available-for-sale  debt and other securities, trading debt securities and
equity securities    Where quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the
valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities include U.S. Treasury securities and equity securities. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar
characteristics or DCFs. Level 2 securities may include federal agencies securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions securities, residential mortgage-backed securities, agency and
 non-agency  commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and other debt securities and equity securities. These securities are generally valued using a market approach based on observable
prices of securities with similar characteristics.  
  Residential mortgage loans held for sale  
 For residential mortgage loans held for sale for which the fair value election has been made, fair value is estimated based upon
mortgage-backed securities prices and spreads to those prices or, for certain ARM loans, DCF models that may incorporate the anticipated portfolio composition, credit spreads of asset-backed securities with similar collateral and market conditions.
The anticipated portfolio composition includes the effect of interest rate spreads and discount rates due to loan characteristics such as the state in which the loan was originated, the loan amount and the ARM margin. Residential mortgage loans held
for sale that are valued based on mortgage-backed securities prices are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy as the valuation is based on external pricing for similar instruments. ARM loans classified as held for sale are also
classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy due to the use of observable inputs in the DCF model. These observable inputs include interest rate spreads from agency mortgage-backed securities market rates and observable discount rates.
   

      181  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  
  Residential mortgage loans  
 Residential mortgage loans held for sale that are reclassified to held for investment are transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. It is the Bancorp’s policy to value any transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy based on end of period fair values. For residential mortgage loans for which the fair value election has been made, and that are
reclassified from held for sale to held for investment, the fair value estimation is based on mortgage-backed securities prices, interest rate risk and an internally developed credit component. Therefore, these loans are classified within
Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. An adverse change in the loss rate or severity assumption would result in a decrease in fair value of the related loan. The Secondary Marketing department, which reports to the Bancorp’s Head of the
Consumer Bank, in conjunction with the Consumer Credit Risk department, which reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Risk Officer, are responsible for determining the valuation methodology for residential mortgage loans held for investment. The
Secondary Marketing department reviews loss severity assumptions quarterly to determine if adjustments are necessary based on decreases in observable housing market data. This group also reviews trades in comparable benchmark securities and adjusts
the values of loans as necessary. Consumer Credit Risk is responsible for the credit component of the fair value which is based on internally developed loss rate models that take into account historical loss rates and loss severities based on
underlying collateral values.    Commercial loans held for sale  
 For commercial loans held for sale for which the fair value election has been made, fair value is estimated based upon quoted prices of
identical or similar assets in an active market, which are reviewed and approved by the Market Risk department, which reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Risk Officer. These loans are generally valued using a market approach based on observable
prices and are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.    MSRs  
 MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. While sales of MSRs do occur, the precise terms and conditions
typically are not readily available. Accordingly, the Bancorp estimates the fair value of MSRs using internal OAS models with certain unobservable inputs, primarily prepayment speed assumptions, OAS and weighted-average lives, resulting in a
classification within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Refer to Note 11 for further information on the assumptions used in the valuation of the Bancorp’s MSRs. The Secondary Marketing department and Treasury department are responsible
for determining the valuation methodology for MSRs. Representatives from Secondary Marketing, Treasury, Accounting and Risk Management are responsible for reviewing key assumptions used in the internal OAS model. Two external valuations of the MSR
portfolio are obtained from third parties quarterly that use valuation models in order to assess the reasonableness of the internal OAS model. Additionally, the Bancorp participates in peer surveys that provide additional confirmation of the
reasonableness of key assumptions utilized in the MSR valuation process and the resulting MSR prices.    Derivatives  
 Exchange-traded derivatives valued using quoted prices and certain
 ovr-the-counter  derivatives valued using active bids are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Most of the Bancorp’s derivative contracts are
valued using DCF or other models that incorporate current market interest rates, credit spreads assigned to the derivative counterparties and other market parameters and,
 

  
therefore, are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Such derivatives include basic and structured interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity swaps and options.
Derivatives that are valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, derivatives classified as
Level 3, which are valued using models containing unobservable inputs, consisted primarily of a total return swap associated with the Bancorp’s sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares. Level 3 derivatives also include IRLCs, which
utilize internally generated loan closing rate assumptions as a significant unobservable input in the valuation process.  
 Under the terms of the total return swap, the Bancorp will make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the
conversion rate of the Visa, Inc. Class B Shares into Class A Shares. Additionally, the Bancorp will make a quarterly payment based on Visa’s stock price and the conversion rate of the Visa, Inc. Class B Shares into Class A
Shares until the date on which the Covered Litigation is settled. The fair value of the total return swap was calculated using a DCF model based on unobservable inputs consisting of management’s estimate of the probability of certain litigation
scenarios, the timing of the resolution of the Covered Litigation and Visa litigation loss estimates in excess, or shortfall, of the Bancorp’s proportional share of escrow funds.  
 An increase in the loss estimate or a delay in the resolution of the Covered Litigation would result in an increase in the
fair value of the derivative liability; conversely, a decrease in the loss estimate or an acceleration of the resolution of the Covered Litigation would result in a decrease in the fair value of the derivative liability. The Accounting and Treasury
departments, both of which report to the Bancorp’s Chief Financial Officer, determined the valuation methodology for the total return swap. Accounting and Treasury review the changes in fair value on a quarterly basis for reasonableness based
on Visa stock price changes, litigation contingencies, and escrow funding.    The net asset fair value of the IRLCs at
December 31, 2018 was $7 million. Immediate decreases in current interest rates of 25 bps and 50 bps would result in increases in the fair value of the IRLCs of approximately $3 million and $6 million, respectively. Immediate
increases of current interest rates of 25 bps and 50 bps would result in decreases in the fair value of the IRLCs of approximately $4 million and $9 million, respectively. The decrease in fair value of IRLCs due to both immediate 10% and
20% adverse changes in the assumed loan closing rates would be approximately $1 million and the increase in fair value due to both immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the assumed loan closing rates would be approximately $1 million.
These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution, as changes in fair value based on a variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value may
not be linear.    The Consumer Line of Business Finance department, which reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Financial
Officer, and the aforementioned Secondary Marketing department are responsible for determining the valuation methodology for IRLCs. Secondary Marketing, in conjunction with a third-party valuation provider, periodically review loan closing rate
assumptions and recent loan sales to determine if adjustments are needed for current market conditions not reflected in historical data.    Short
positions    Where quoted prices are available in an active market, short positions are classified within Level 1 of the valuation
hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or DCFs and therefore are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.
   

      182  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables are a reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
         Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 
3)      
   
 
   
   
     Residential     
   
   
   
   
   
 Interest Rate 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Mortgage 
   
   
   
   
   
 Derivatives, 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Total        
   
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
 Loans 
   
   
 MSRs 
   
   
 Net (a) 
   
   
 Derivatives 
   
   
 Fair Value   
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
   
 $ 
 137            
   
   
   
     858        
   
   
   
 3         
   
   
   
 (137)      
   
   
   
 861  
   
 
   Total (losses) gains (realized/unrealized): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
   
   
 (3)           
   
   
   
 (83)       
   
   
   
 72         
   
   
   
 (59)      
   
   
   
 (73) 
   
 
   Purchases/originations 
   
   
 -            
   
   
   
 163        
   
   
   
 (5)        
   
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 158  
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (19)           
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 (71)        
   
   
   
 71       
   
   
   
 (19) 
   
 
   Transfers into Level 3 (b) 
   
   
 64            
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 64  
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
   
 $ 
 179            
   
   
   
 938        
   
   
   
 (1)        
   
   
   
 (125)      
   
   
   
 991  
   
 
     
   
 
   The amount of total (losses) gains for the period included in earnings attributable to the
change in unrealized gains or losses relating to instruments still held at December 31, 2018 (c) 
   
 $ 
 (3)            
   
   
   
 (4)       
   
   
   
 9         
   
   
   
 (59)      
   
   
   
 (57)  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Net interest rate derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of
 $ 7   and  $ 8 , respectively, as of  December  31, 2018 .  

 
 
 (b) 
   Includes certain residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale that were transferred to held for
investment.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes interest income and expense.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
         Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 
3)      
   
 
   
   
     Residential     
   
   
   
   
   
 Interest Rate 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Mortgage 
   
   
   
   
   
 Derivatives, 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Total        
   
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
   
 Loans 
   
   
 MSRs (d) 
   
   
 Net (a) 
   
   
 Derivatives 
   
   
 Fair Value    
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
   
 $ 
 143        
   
   
   
 744        
   
   
   
 8        
   
   
   
 (91)       
   
   
   
 804  
   
 
   Total (losses) gains (realized/unrealized): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
   
   
 1        
   
   
   
 (122)       
   
   
   
 94         
   
   
   
 (80)       
   
   
   
 (107) 
   
 
   Purchases/originations 
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 236        
   
   
   
 (2)       
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 234  
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (23)       
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 (97)       
   
   
   
 34        
   
   
   
 (86) 
   
 
   Transfers into Level 3 (b) 
   
   
 16        
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 16  
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
   
 $ 
 137        
   
   
   
 858        
   
   
   
 3        
   
   
   
 (137)       
   
   
   
 861  
   
 
     
   
 
   The amount of total (losses) gains for the period included in earnings attributable to the
change in unrealized gains or losses relating to instruments still held at December 31, 2017 (c) 
   
 $ 
 1        
   
   
   
 (122)        
   
   
   
 10        
   
   
   
 (80)       
   
   
   
 (191) 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Net interest rate derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $8 and $5, respectively, as of
December 31, 2017.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes certain residential mortgage loans held for sale that were transferred to held for investment.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes interest income and expense.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Effective January 1, 2017, the Bancorp has elected the fair value measurement method for all existing
classes of its residential mortgage servicing rights. The servicing rights were measured at fair value at December 31, 2017 and were measured under the amortization method at December 31, 2016.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
         Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 
3)      
   
 
   
   
 Residential 
   
   
 Interest Rate 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Mortgage 
   
   
 Derivatives, 
   
   
 Derivatives, 
   
   
 Total        
   
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2016 ($ in millions) 
   
 Loans 
   
   
 Net (a) 
   
   
 Net (a) 
   
   
 Fair Value    
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, beginning of period 
   
 $ 
 167        
   
   
   
 12        
   
   
   
 201        
   
   
   
 380  
   
 
   Total gains (losses) (realized/unrealized): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
   
   
 (2)       
   
   
   
 115        
   
   
   
 17        
   
   
   
 130  
   
 
   Purchases/originations 
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 (3)       
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 (3) 
   
 
   Sales and exercise of warrant 
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 (334)       
   
   
   
 (334) 
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (40)       
   
   
   
 (116)       
   
   
   
 25        
   
   
   
 (131) 
   
 
   Transfers into Level 3 (b) 
   
   
 18        
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 -        
   
   
   
 18  
   
 
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
   
 $ 
 143        
   
   
   
 8        
   
   
   
 (91)       
   
   
   
 60  
   
 
     
   
 
   The amount of total (losses) gains for the period included in earnings attributable to the
change in unrealized gains or losses relating to instruments still held at December 31, 2016 (c) 
   
 $ 
 (2)       
   
   
   
 13        
   
   
   
 (56)       
   
   
   
 (45) 
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Net interest rate derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $13 and $5, respectively, as of
December 31, 2016. Net equity derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $0 and $91, respectively, as of December 31, 2016.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes certain residential mortgage loans held for sale that were transferred to held for investment.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes interest income and expense.  
      183  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The total gains and losses included in earnings for assets and liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017  
   
   
 2016        
   
 
     
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 112       
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1       
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 (59 
 )  
   
   
 (80 
 )  
   
   
 17       
   
 
     
   
 
   Total (losses) gains 
    
 $ 
             (73 
 )  
   
   
           (107 
 )  
   
   
             130       
   
 
     
   
   The total gains and losses included in earnings attributable to changes in unrealized gains and losses
related to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 2018   
   
   
         2017  
   
   
  2016        
   
 
     
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
   
   
 (113 
 )  
   
   
 10       
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1       
   
 
   Other noninterest income 
    
   
 (59 
 )  
   
   
 (80 
 )  
   
   
 (56)      
   
 
     
   
 
   Total losses 
    
 $ 
           (57 
 )  
   
   
               (191 
 )  
   
   
           (45)      
   
 
     
   
   The following tables present information as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 about significant unobservable
inputs related to the Bancorp’s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
 
     
   
 
           Financial Instrument 
   
     Fair Value 
   
      Valuation Technique     
   
   Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs 
    
   Ranges of 
 Inputs 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
   
 $          179     
   
 Loss rate model 
   
     Interest rate risk factor 
    
   
 (13.2) - 9.4% 
   
   
   
 0.5% 
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     Credit risk factor 
    
   
 0 - 39.9% 
   
   
   
 0.7% 
   
 
     
   
 
   MSRs 
   
             938     
   
 DCF 
   
     Prepayment speed 
    
   
 0.5 - 100.0% 
   
   
     
 (Fixed) 10.2%   (Adjustable) 23.0% 
       
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     OAS spread (bps) 
    
   
 441 - 1,513 
   
   
     
 (Fixed) 534   (Adjustable) 863 
       
 
     
   
 
   IRLCs, net 
   
             7     
   
 DCF 
   
     Loan closing rates 
    
   
 9.5 - 96.7% 
   
   
   
 86.0% 
   
 
     
   
 
   Swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
   
             (125)     
   
 DCF 
   
       Timing of the resolution of the Covered Litigation 
    
   
 1/31/2021 - 11/30/2023 
     
   
   
 11/11/2021 
   
 
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
   
 
     
   
 
           Financial Instrument 
   
     Fair Value 
   
      Valuation Technique     
   
   Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs 
    
   Ranges of 
 Inputs 
   
   
   Weighted- 
 Average 
   
 
     
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
   
 $          137       
   
 Loss rate model 
   
     Interest rate risk factor 
    
   
 (10.6) - 14.5% 
   
   
   
 3.1% 
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     Credit risk factor 
    
   
 0 - 52.1% 
   
   
   
 1.4% 
   
 
     
   
 
   MSRs 
   
           858     
   
 DCF 
   
     Prepayment speed 
    
   
 0 - 98.1% 
   
   
     
 (Fixed) 11.4%   (Adjustable) 24.6% 
       
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     OAS spread (bps) 
    
   
 450 - 1,515 
   
   
     
 (Fixed) 549   (Adjustable) 785 
       
 
     
   
 
   IRLCs, net 
   
             8       
   
 DCF 
   
     Loan closing rates 
    
   
 12.5 - 97.7% 
   
   
   
 71.8% 
   
 
     
   
 
   Swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares 
   
           (137)     
   
 DCF 
   
       Timing of the resolution of the Covered Litigation 
    
   
 12/31/2020 - 12/31/2023 
     
   
   
 8/15/2021 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets and liabilities are not measured at
 
  fair value on an ongoing basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain
circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment.    

      184  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables provide the fair value hierarchy and carrying amount of all assets that
were held as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related gains and losses from fair value adjustments on assets sold
during the period as well as assets still held as of the end of the period.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
    
   
   
   
 Total (Losses) Gains 
   
   
   
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
     Level 1   
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
     Level 3     
   
    
 Total  
   
   
 For the year ended December 31, 2018 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans held for sale 
   
 $ 
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 16     
   
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 93     
   
    
   
 93 
   
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2     
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial leases 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 14     
   
    
   
 14 
   
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   OREO 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 20     
   
    
   
 20 
   
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
    
   
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 32     
   
    
   
 32 
   
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating lease equipment 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -     
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Private equity investments 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 67 
   
   
   
 3     
   
    
   
 70 
   
   
   
 43 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 -         
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2     
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
             -         
   
   
   
 67 
   
   
   
 182     
   
    
   
 249 
   
   
   
 (67 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
    
   
   
   
 Total Losses 
   
   
   
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
   
 For the year ended December 31, 2017    
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans held for sale 
   
 $ 
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 1     
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (33 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 327     
   
    
   
 327 
   
   
   
 (99 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 19     
   
    
   
 19 
   
   
   
 (12 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial leases 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 4     
   
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 (6 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   OREO 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 27     
   
    
   
 27 
   
   
   
 (10 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 24     
   
    
   
 24 
   
   
   
 (6 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating lease equipment 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 60     
   
    
   
 60 
   
   
   
 (42 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Private equity investments 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 8     
   
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
   Affordable housing investments 
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 -           
   
   
   
 1,078     
   
    
   
 1,078 
   
   
   
 (57 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
             -       
   
   
   
         -           
   
   
   
 1,548     
   
    
   
 1,548 
   
   
   
 (266 
 )    
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
   The following tables present information as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 about significant unobservable
inputs related to the Bancorp’s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
   
 
     
   
 
                 Financial Instrument 
    
     Fair Value 
   
    
 Valuation Technique 
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
    
 Ranges of Inputs 
   
    
 Weighted-Average     
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
       16      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value   Costs to sell 
    
     
 NM   NM 
       
    
   
 NM 10.0% 
     
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 93      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Collateral value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 2      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Collateral value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 14      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Collateral value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   OREO 
    
   
 20      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 32      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Operating lease equipment 
    
   
 -      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Private equity investments 
    
   
 -      
   
    
 Liquidity discount applied   to fund’s NAV 
    
 Liquidity discount 
    
   
 0 -  43.0% 
   
    
   
 12.9% 
   
 
 
    
   
 3      
   
    
 Comparable company analysis 
    
 Market comparable transactions 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 2      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
      185  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
     
   
 
         Financial Instrument 
    
       Fair Value 
   
    
     Valuation Technique 
    
       Significant Unobservable Inputs 
    
 Ranges of   Inputs   
   
    
 Weighted-Average       
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
           1        
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value Costs to sell 
    
     
 NM   NM 
       
    
   
 NM 10.0% 
     
 
     
   
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 327      
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Collateral value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 19       
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Collateral value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 4        
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Collateral value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   OREO 
    
   
 27       
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Bank premises and equipment 
    
   
 24       
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Operating lease equipment 
    
   
 60       
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   Private equity investments 
    
   
 8        
   
    
 Liquidity discount applied to fund’s NAV 
    
 Liquidity discount 
    
   
 2.5 - 15.0% 
   
    
   
 5.8% 
   
 
     
   
 
   Affordable housing investments 
    
   
 1,078     
   
    
 Appraised value 
    
 Appraised value 
    
   
 NM 
   
    
   
 NM 
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Commercial loans held for sale  
 During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp transferred $1 million and $85 million, respectively, of
commercial loans from the portfolio to loans held for sale that upon transfer were measured at the lower of cost or fair value. These loans had fair value adjustments during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 totaling an immaterial
amount and $31 million, respectively, and were generally based on appraisals of the underlying collateral and were, therefore, classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Additionally, during the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2017 there were fair value adjustments on existing loans held for sale of $3 million and an immaterial amount, respectively. The fair value adjustments were also based on appraisals of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp recognized
an immaterial amount of gains and $2 million in losses on the sale of certain commercial loans held for sale during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 The Accounting department determines the procedures for the valuation of commercial loans held for sale using appraised
values which may include a comparison to recently executed transactions of similar type loans. A monthly review of the portfolio is performed for reasonableness. Quarterly, appraisals approaching a year old are updated and the Real Estate Valuation
group, which reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Risk Officer, in conjunction with the Commercial Line of Business, reviews the third-party appraisals for reasonableness. Additionally, the Commercial Line of Business Finance department, which
reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Financial Officer, in conjunction with the Accounting department reviews all loan appraisal values, carry values and vintages.  
 Commercial loans and leases held for investment  
 During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring impairment adjustments to certain commercial and
industrial loans, commercial mortgage loans and commercial leases held for investment. Larger commercial loans included within aggregate borrower relationship balances exceeding $1 million that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses are
subject to individual review for impairment. The Bancorp considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of any guarantees, the guarantor’s liquidity and willingness to cooperate, the loan structure and other factors when evaluating
whether an individual loan is impaired. When the loan is collateral dependent, the fair value of the loan is generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan and therefore these loans were classified within
Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. The fair values and recognized impairment losses are reflected in the previous tables. Commercial Credit Risk, which
reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates for commercial loans held for investment.
 
  OREO  
 During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring adjustments to certain commercial and residential
real estate properties classified as OREO and measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value. These nonrecurring losses were primarily due to declines in real estate values of the properties recorded in OREO. For both the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, these losses include $4 million recorded as charge-offs, on new OREO properties transferred from loans during the respective periods and $3 million and $6 million, respectively, recorded as negative
fair value adjustments on OREO in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income subsequent to their transfer from loans. As discussed in the following paragraphs, the fair value amounts are generally based on appraisals of the
property values, resulting in a classification within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. In cases where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. The previous tables reflect the fair
value measurements of the properties before deducting the estimated costs to sell.    The Real Estate Valuation department
is solely responsible for managing the appraisal process and evaluating the appraisals for commercial properties transferred to OREO. All appraisals on commercial OREO properties are updated on at least an annual basis.  
 The Real Estate Valuation department reviews the BPO data and internal market information to determine the initial  charge-off  on residential real estate loans transferred to OREO. Once the foreclosure process is completed, the Bancorp performs an interior inspection to update the initial fair value of the property. These
properties are reviewed at least every 30 days after the initial interior inspections are completed. The Asset Manager receives a monthly status report for each property which includes the number of showings, recently sold properties, current
comparable listings and overall market conditions.    Bank premises and equipment  
 The Bancorp performs assessments of the recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
carrying values may not be recoverable. These properties were written down to their lower of cost or market values. At least annually thereafter, the Bancorp will review these properties for market fluctuations. The fair value amounts were generally
based on appraisals of the property values, resulting in a classification within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Enterprise Workplace Services, which reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Administrative Officer, in conjunction with
Accounting, are responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates for bank premises and equipment. For further information on bank premises and equipment refer to Note 7.
   

      186  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  
  Operating lease equipment and other assets  
 During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring impairment adjustments to certain operating lease
equipment, including returned equipment. When evaluating whether an individual asset is impaired, the Bancorp considers the current fair value of the asset, the changes in overall market demand for the asset and the rate of change in advancements
associated with technological improvements that impact the demand for the specific asset under review. As part of this ongoing assessment, the Bancorp determined that the carrying values of certain operating lease equipment were not recoverable and
as a result, the Bancorp recorded an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeded the fair value. The fair value amounts were generally based on appraised values of the assets, resulting in a classification
within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. The Commercial Leasing department, which reports to the Bancorp’s Chief Operating Officer, is responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates for operating lease equipment.  
 Private equity investments    As a result
of adopting ASU  2016-01,  effective January 1, 2018, the Bancorp accounts for its private equity investments using the measurement alternative to fair value, except for those accounted for under the equity
method of accounting. Under the measurement alternative, the Bancorp carries each investment at its cost basis minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar
investments of the same issuer. The Bancorp recognized gains of $64 million resulting from observable price changes during the year ended December 31, 2018. The carrying value of the Bancorp’s private equity investments still held as
of December 31, 2018 includes a cumulative $48 million of positive adjustments as a result of observable price changes. Because these adjustments are based on observable transactions in inactive markets, they are classified in Level 2
of the fair value hierarchy.    For private equity investments which are accounted for using the measurement alternative
to fair value, the Bancorp qualitatively evaluates each investment quarterly to determine if impairment may exist. If necessary, the Bancorp then measures impairment by
 

  
estimating the value of its investment and comparing that to the investment’s carrying value, whether or not the Bancorp considers the impairment to be temporary. These valuations are
typically developed using a discounted cash flow method, but other methods may be used if more appropriate for the circumstances. These valuations are based on unobservable inputs and therefore are classified in Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. The Bancorp recognized impairments of $12 million during the year ended December 31, 2018. The carrying value of the Bancorp’s private equity investments still held as of December 31, 2018 includes a cumulative
$12 million of impairment charges recognized since adoption of the measurement alternative to fair value on January 1, 2018.  
 The Bancorp recognized $10 million and $1 million of OTTI primarily associated with certain nonconforming
investments affected by the Volcker Rule during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Bancorp performed nonrecurring fair value measurements on a fund by fund basis to determine whether OTTI existed. The Bancorp
estimated the fair value of the funds by applying an estimated market discount to the reported NAV of the fund or through a discounted cash flow analysis. Because the length of time until the investment will become redeemable is generally not
certain, these funds were classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. An adverse change in the reported NAVs or estimated market discounts, where applicable, would result in a decrease in the fair value estimate. In cases where the
carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. The Bancorp’s Private Equity department, which reports to the Head of Payments, Strategy and Digital Solutions, in conjunction with Accounting, is responsible for
preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates.    Affordable housing investments  
 During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Bancorp recognized $57 million, as adjusted, of impairment on certain affordable housing
investments primarily due to the change in the federal statutory corporate tax rate pursuant to the TCJA. This impairment charge was recorded in applicable income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income and reflects the impact of the
change in accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments. Refer to Note 1 for further information.    

      187  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  
  Fair Value Option  
 The Bancorp elected to measure certain residential mortgage and commercial loans held for sale under the fair value option as allowed under
U.S. GAAP. Electing to measure residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value reduces certain timing differences and better matches changes in the value of these assets with changes in the value of derivatives used as economic hedges for
these assets. Electing to measure certain commercial loans held for sale at fair value reduces certain timing differences and better reflects changes in fair value of these assets that are expected to be sold in the short term. Management’s
intent to sell residential mortgage or commercial loans classified as held for sale may change over time due to such factors as changes in the overall liquidity in markets or changes in characteristics specific to certain loans held for sale.
Consequently, these loans may be reclassified to loans held for investment and maintained in the Bancorp’s loan portfolio. In such cases, the loans will continue to be measured at fair value.  
 Fair value changes recognized in earnings for residential mortgage loans held at December 31, 2018 and 2017 for which
the
 

  
fair value option was elected, as well as the changes in fair value of the underlying IRLCs, included gains of $20 million and $14 million, respectively. These gains are reported in
mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Fair value changes recognized in earnings for commercial loans held at December 31, 2018 for which the fair value option was elected included gains of an immaterial amount.
The Bancorp did not hold any commercial loans held for sale at December 31, 2017.    Valuation adjustments related to
instrument-specific credit risk for residential mortgage loans measured at fair value negatively impacted the fair value of those loans by $1 million and $2 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Valuation adjustments
related to instrument-specific credit risk for commercial loans measured at fair value had an immaterial impact on the fair value of those loans at December 31, 2018. Interest on loans measured at fair value is accrued as it is earned using the
effective interest method and is reported as interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    
      The following table
summarizes the difference between the fair value and the unpaid principal balance for residential mortgage loans measured at fair value as of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
       Aggregate 
     Fair Value 
   
   
 Aggregate Unpaid     Principal Balance     
   
    
 Difference         
 
     
 
   December 31, 2018 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans measured at fair value 
    
 $ 
                                 716 
   
   
   
 696 
   
    
 20  
 
   Past due loans of 90 days or more 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
 -  
 
   Nonaccrual loans 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
 -  
 
   Commercial loans measured at fair value 
    
   
 7 
   
   
   
 7 
   
    
 -  
 
     
 
   December 31, 2017 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Residential mortgage loans measured at fair value 
    
 $ 
 536 
   
   
   
 522 
   
    
 14 
 
   Past due loans of 90 days or more 
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 5 
   
    
 -  
 
   Nonaccrual loans 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
 -  
 
     
 
      188  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  Fair Value of Certain Financial Instruments  
 The following tables summarize the carrying amounts and estimated fair values for certain financial instruments, excluding financial
instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 Net Carrying   
   
   
         Fair Value Measurements Using         
   
   
 Total       
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 As of December 31, 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Amount   
   
   
     Level 1     
   
   
     Level 2     
   
   
     Level 3       
   
   
   Fair Value       
   
 
     
   
 
   Financial assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and due from banks 
    
 $ 
 2,681 
   
   
   
 2,681 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,681  
   
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
   
 1,825 
   
   
   
 1,825 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1,825  
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 552 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 552 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 552  
   
 
   Held-to-maturity 
securities 
    
   
 18 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 18  
   
 
   Loans and leases held for sale 
    
   
 63 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 63 
   
   
   
 63  
   
 
   Portfolio loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 43,825 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 44,668 
   
   
   
 44,668  
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 6,894 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 6,851 
   
   
   
 6,851  
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,625 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 4,688 
   
   
   
 4,688  
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 3,582 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 3,180 
   
   
   
 3,180  
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 15,244 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 15,688 
   
   
   
 15,688  
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 6,366 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 6,719 
   
   
   
 6,719  
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 8,934 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 8,717 
   
   
   
 8,717  
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 2,314 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,759 
   
   
   
 2,759  
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 2,309 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,428 
   
   
   
 2,428  
   
 
   Unallocated ALLL 
    
   
 (110 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases, net 
    
 $ 
 93,983 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 95,698 
   
   
   
 95,698  
   
 
     
   
 
   Financial liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
    
 $ 
 108,835 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 108,782 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 108,782  
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
   
 1,925 
   
   
   
 1,925 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1,925  
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 573 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 573 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 573  
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 14,426 
   
   
   
 14,287 
   
   
   
 445 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 14,732  
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 
   
    
 Net Carrying 
   
   
         Fair Value Measurements Using         
   
   
 Total       
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 As of December 31, 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
 Fair Value       
   
 
     
   
 
   Financial assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and due from banks 
    
 $ 
 2,514 
   
   
   
 2,514 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,514  
   
 
   Other short-term investments 
    
   
 2,753 
   
   
   
 2,753 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,753  
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 612 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 612 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 612  
   
 
   Held-to-maturity 
securities 
    
   
 24 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 24 
   
   
   
 24  
   
 
   Loans and leases held for sale 
    
   
 93 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
 93  
   
 
   Portfolio loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans 
    
   
 40,519 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 41,718 
   
   
   
 41,718  
   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans 
    
   
 6,539 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 6,490 
   
   
   
 6,490  
   
 
   Commercial construction loans 
    
   
 4,530 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 4,560 
   
   
   
 4,560  
   
 
   Commercial leases 
    
   
 4,054 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 3,705 
   
   
   
 3,705  
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
                       15,365 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 15,996 
   
   
   
 15,996  
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 6,968 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 7,410 
   
   
   
 7,410  
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 9,074 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 8,832 
   
   
   
 8,832  
   
 
   Credit card 
    
   
 2,182 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,616 
   
   
   
 2,616  
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 1,526 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1,621 
   
   
   
 1,621  
   
 
   Unallocated ALLL 
    
   
 (120 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total portfolio loans and leases, net 
    
 $ 
 90,637 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 92,948 
   
   
   
 92,948  
   
 
     
   
 
   Financial liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
    
 $ 
 103,162 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 103,123 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 103,123  
   
 
   Federal funds purchased 
    
   
 174 
   
   
   
 174 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 174  
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 4,012 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 4,012 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 4,012  
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 14,904 
   
   
   
 15,045 
   
   
   
 529 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 15,574  
   
 
     
   
 
      189  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  27. REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AND CAPITAL RATIOS  
  
 
  The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued capital adequacy guidelines
pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising a BHC and in analyzing applications to it under the BHCA of 1956, as amended. These guidelines include quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets and
 off-balance  sheet items, as well as define and set minimum regulatory capital requirements. The regulatory capital requirements were revised by the Basel III Final Rule which was effective for the Bancorp on
January 1, 2015, subject to  phase- 
 
  in periods for certain of its components and other provisions. It established quantitative
measures defining minimum regulatory capital requirements as well as the measure of “well-capitalized” status. Additionally, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued similar guidelines for minimum regulatory capital
requirements and “well-capitalized” measurements for banking subsidiaries.    
  PRESCRIBED CAPITAL RATIOS      
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 Minimum             
   
   
 Well-Capitalized                 
   
 
     
   
 
   CET1 capital 
    
   
                       4.50    
 %  
   
   
 6.50       
   
 
   Tier I risk-based capital 
    
   
 6.00    
   
   
   
 8.00       
   
 
   Total risk-based capital 
    
   
 8.00    
   
   
   
 10.00       
   
 
   Tier I leverage 
    
   
 4.00    
   
   
   
 5.00       
   
 
     
   
 
   
  Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements or falling below the
“well-capitalized” measure can initiate certain actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bancorp. Additionally, when fully
 phased-in  in 2019, the Basel III Final Rule will include a capital conservation buffer requirement of 2.5% in addition to the minimum capital requirements of the CET1, Tier I capital and Total risk-based
capital ratios in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers.
 
  The Bancorp and its banking subsidiary, Fifth Third Bank, had CET1 capital,
Tier I risk-based capital, Total risk-based capital and Tier I leverage ratios above the well-capitalized levels at both December 31, 2018 and 2017. To continue to qualify for financial holding company status pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act of 1999, the Bancorp’s banking subsidiary must, among other things, maintain “well-capitalized” capital ratios. In addition, the Bancorp exceeded the “capital conservation buffer” ratio for all periods presented.
   
      The following table
presents capital and risk-based capital and leverage ratios for the Bancorp and its banking subsidiary at December 31:          
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 (a) 
   
 
 ($ in millions) 
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Ratio         
   
    
       Amount 
   
    
 Ratio       
   
 
     
   
 
 CET1 capital: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fifth Third Bancorp 
    
 $ 
         12,534 
   
    
   
 10.24 % 
   
    
 $ 
         12,517 
   
    
   
 10.61 % 
   
 
   Fifth Third Bank 
    
   
 14,435 
   
    
   
 11.93      
   
    
   
 14,008 
   
    
   
 12.06      
   
 
   Tier I risk-based capital: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fifth Third Bancorp 
    
   
 13,864 
   
    
   
 11.32      
   
    
   
 13,848 
   
    
   
 11.74      
   
 
   Fifth Third Bank 
    
   
 14,435 
   
    
   
 11.93      
   
    
   
 14,008 
   
    
   
 12.06      
   
 
   Total risk-based capital: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fifth Third Bancorp 
    
   
 17,723 
   
    
   
 14.48      
   
    
   
 17,887 
   
    
   
 15.16      
   
 
   Fifth Third Bank 
    
   
 16,427 
   
    
   
 13.57      
   
    
   
 16,126 
   
    
   
 13.88      
   
 
   Tier I leverage: (b) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fifth Third Bancorp 
    
   
 13,864 
   
    
   
 9.72      
   
    
   
 13,848 
   
    
   
 10.01      
   
 
   Fifth Third Bank 
    
   
 14,435 
   
    
   
 10.27      
   
    
   
 14,008 
   
    
   
 10.32      
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   The regulatory capital data and ratios have not been restated as a result of the Bancorp’s change in
accounting for qualifying LIHTC investments. For additional information refer to Note 1.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Quarterly average assets are a component of the Tier I leverage ratio and for this purpose do not include
goodwill and any other intangible assets and other investments that the FRB determines should be deducted from Tier I capital.  
      190  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  28. PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Condensed Statements of Income (Parent Company Only) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
   
 2018     
   
    
   
             2017     
   
   
   
             2016             
   
 
     
   
 
   Income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dividends from subsidiaries: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     Consolidated nonbank
subsidiaries (a) 
    
 $ 
             1,890 
   
    
   
 2,343 
   
   
   
 1,886          
   
 
   Interest on loans to subsidiaries 
    
   
 24 
   
    
   
 21 
   
   
   
 18          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total income 
    
   
 1,914 
   
    
   
 2,364 
   
   
   
 1,904          
   
 
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
   
 211 
   
    
   
 176 
   
   
   
 171          
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 34 
   
    
   
 42 
   
   
   
 18          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 245 
   
    
   
 218 
   
   
   
 189          
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Before Income Taxes and Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries 
    
   
 1,669 
   
    
   
 2,146 
   
   
   
 1,715          
   
 
   Applicable income tax benefit 
    
   
 50 
   
    
   
 68 
   
   
   
 63          
   
 
     
   
 
   Income Before Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries 
    
   
 1,719 
   
    
   
 2,214 
   
   
   
 1,778          
   
 
   Equity in undistributed earnings 
    
   
 474 
   
    
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (231)         
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to Bancorp 
    
 $ 
 2,193 
   
    
   
 2,180 
   
   
   
 1,547          
   
 
     
   
 
   Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -          
   
 
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Bancorp 
    
 $ 
 2,193 
   
    
   
 2,180 
   
   
   
 1,547          
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
   (a) 
   The Bancorp’s indirect banking subsidiary paid dividends to the Bancorp’s direct nonbank
subsidiary holding company of  $1.9  billion , $2.3 billion and $1.9 billion for the years ended
 December  31,   2018 , 2017 and 2016, respectively.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Condensed Balance Sheets (Parent Company Only) 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   As of December 31 ($ in millions) 
   
 
 
 
    
   
             2018       
   
    
   
               2017            
   
 
     
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
   
   
                              
   
    
 $ 
 120     
   
    
   
 80          
   
 
   Short-term investments 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 3,642     
   
    
   
 3,493          
   
 
   Loans to subsidiaries: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Nonbank subsidiaries 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 571     
   
    
   
 843          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total loans to subsidiaries 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 571     
   
    
   
 843          
   
 
     
   
 
   Investment in subsidiaries: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Nonbank subsidiaries 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 17,921     
   
    
   
 17,530          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total investment in subsidiaries 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 17,921     
   
    
   
 17,530          
   
 
     
   
 
   Goodwill 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 80     
   
    
   
 80          
   
 
   Other assets 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 268     
   
    
   
 329          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 22,602     
   
    
   
 22,355          
   
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 253     
   
    
   
 315          
   
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 424     
   
    
   
 472          
   
 
   Long-term debt (external) 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 5,675     
   
    
   
 5,348          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,352     
   
    
   
 6,135          
   
 
     
   
 
   Equity 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stock 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,051     
   
    
   
 2,051          
   
 
   Preferred stock 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 1,331     
   
    
   
 1,331          
   
 
   Capital surplus 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 2,873     
   
    
   
 2,790          
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 16,578     
   
    
   
 14,957          
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (112)    
   
    
   
 73          
   
 
   Treasury stock 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (6,471)    
   
    
   
 (5,002)         
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 -     
   
    
   
 20          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 16,250     
   
    
   
 16,220          
   
 
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 22,602     
   
    
   
 22,355          
   
 
     
   
 
      191  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Parent Company Only) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions) 
    
         2018    
   
    
         2017           
   
    
         2016           
   
 
     
   
 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
                 2,193          
   
    
   
 2,180          
   
    
   
 1,547          
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Provision for deferred income taxes 
    
   
 3          
   
    
   
 2          
   
    
   
 -          
   
 
   Equity in undistributed earnings 
    
   
 (474)         
   
    
   
 34          
   
    
   
 231          
   
 
   Net change in: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 61          
   
    
   
 37          
   
    
   
 14          
   
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
   
 (116)         
   
    
   
 (15)         
   
    
   
 (35)         
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
   
 1,667          
   
    
   
 2,238          
   
    
   
 1,757          
   
 
     
   
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net change in: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 (149)         
   
    
   
 (419)         
   
    
   
 654          
   
 
   Loans to subsidiaries 
    
   
 272          
   
    
   
 126          
   
    
   
 13          
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
    
   
 123          
   
    
   
 (293)         
   
    
   
 667          
   
 
     
   
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net change in other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (62)         
   
    
   
 (29)         
   
    
   
 (60)         
   
 
   Dividends paid on common stock 
    
   
 (467)         
   
    
   
 (430)         
   
    
   
 (402)         
   
 
   Dividends paid on preferred stock 
    
   
 (98)         
   
    
   
 (75)         
   
    
   
 (52)         
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 895          
   
    
   
 697          
   
    
   
 -          
   
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
    
   
 (500)         
   
    
   
 (500)         
   
    
   
 (1,250)         
   
 
   Repurchase of treasury stock and related forward contract 
    
   
 (1,453)         
   
    
   
 (1,605)         
   
    
   
 (661)         
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (65)         
   
    
   
 (53)         
   
    
   
 3          
   
 
     
   
 
   Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
    
   
 (1,750)         
   
    
   
 (1,995)         
   
    
   
 (2,422)         
   
 
     
   
 
   Increase (Decrease) in Cash 
    
   
 40          
   
    
   
 (50)         
   
    
   
 2          
   
 
   Cash at Beginning of Period 
    
   
 80          
   
    
   
 130          
   
    
   
 128          
   
 
     
   
 
   Cash at End of Period 
    
 $ 
 120          
   
    
   
 80          
   
    
   
 130          
   
 
     
   
 
      192  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  29. BUSINESS SEGMENTS  
  
 
  The Bancorp reports on four business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer
Lending and Wealth and Asset Management. Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp;
therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management’s
accounting practices and businesses change.    The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level. By
employing an FTP methodology, the business segments are insulated from most benchmark interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through the origination of loans and acceptance of deposits. The FTP methodology assigns
charge and credit rates to classes of assets and liabilities, respectively, based on the estimated amount and timing of the cash flows for each transaction. Assigning the FTP rate based on matching the duration of cash flows allocates interest
income and interest expense to each business segment so its resulting net interest income is insulated from future changes in benchmark interest rates. The Bancorp’s FTP methodology also allocates the contribution to net interest income of the
asset-generating and deposit-providing businesses on a duration-adjusted basis to better attribute the driver of the performance. As the asset and liability durations are not perfectly matched, the residual impact of the FTP methodology is captured
in General Corporate and Other. The charge and credit rates are determined using the FTP rate curve, which is based on an estimate of Fifth Third’s marginal borrowing cost in the wholesale funding markets. The FTP curve is constructed using the
U.S. swap curve, brokered CD pricing and unsecured debt pricing.    The Bancorp adjusts the FTP charge and credit rates as
dictated by changes in interest rates for various interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and by the review of behavioral assumptions, such as prepayment rates on interest-earning assets and the estimated durations for
indeterminate-lived deposits. Key assumptions, including the credit rates provided for deposit accounts, are reviewed annually. Credit rates for deposit products and charge rates for loan products may be reset more frequently in response to changes
in market conditions. The credit rates for several deposit products were reset January 1, 2018 to reflect the current market rates and updated market assumptions. These rates were generally higher than those in place during 2017, thus net
interest income for deposit-providing business segments was positively impacted during 2018. FTP charge rates on assets were affected by the prevailing level of interest rates and by the duration and repricing characteristics of the portfolio. As
overall market rates increased, the FTP charge increased for asset-generating business segments during 2018.    The
Bancorp’s methodology for allocating provision for loan and lease losses expense to the business segments includes charges or benefits associated with changes in criticized commercial loan
 

  
levels in addition to actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans and leases owned by each business segment. Provision for loan and lease losses expense attributable to loan and lease growth
and changes in ALLL factors is captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and headquarters expenses. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking
advantage of cross-sell opportunities and funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit.    The
results of operations and financial position for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were adjusted to reflect changes in internal expense allocation methodologies as well as a change in accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments.
   The following is a description of each of the Bancorp’s business segments and the products and services they
provide to their respective client bases.    Commercial Banking  offers credit intermediation, cash management and
financial services to large and middle-market businesses and government and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and depository offerings, Commercial Banking products and services include global cash management, foreign
exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial leasing and syndicated finance.  
 Branch Banking  provides a full range of deposit and loan and lease products to individuals and small businesses
through 1,121 full-service banking centers. Branch Banking offers depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards and loans for automobiles and other personal financing needs,
as well as products designed to meet the specific needs of small businesses, including cash management services.  
 Consumer Lending  includes the Bancorp’s residential mortgage, home equity, automobile and other indirect lending
activities. Direct lending activities include the origination, retention and servicing of residential mortgage and home equity loans or lines of credit, sales and securitizations of those loans, pools of loans or lines of credit, and all associated
hedging activities. Indirect lending activities include extending loans to consumers through correspondent lenders and automobile dealers.  
 Wealth and Asset Management  provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and  not-for-profit  organizations. Wealth and Asset Management is made up of four main businesses: FTS, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp; Fifth Third Insurance
Agency; Fifth Third Private Bank; and Fifth Third Institutional Services. FTS offers full service retail brokerage services to individual clients and broker-dealer services to the institutional marketplace. Fifth Third Insurance Agency assists
clients with their financial and risk management needs. Fifth Third Private Bank offers holistic strategies to affluent clients in wealth planning, investing, insurance and wealth protection. Fifth Third Institutional Services provides advisory
services for institutional clients including states and municipalities.    

      193  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  The following tables present the results of operations and assets by business segment for
the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 2018 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial Banking    
   
   
 Branch   Banking   
   
    
 Consumer Lending 
   
   
   Wealth 
 and Asset Management 
   
    
 General Corporate and Other 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Total       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,713 
   
   
   
 2,034 
   
    
   
 237 
   
   
   
 182 
   
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 4,140  
   
 
   Provision for (benefit from) loan and lease losses 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 171 
   
    
   
 42 
   
   
   
 12 
   
    
   
 38 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 237  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 1,739 
   
   
   
 1,863 
   
    
   
 195 
   
   
   
 170 
   
    
   
 (64 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 3,903  
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
   
 273 
   
   
   
 275 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 549  
   
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 150 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 429 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (138) (a) 
   
   
   
 444  
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 432 
   
   
   
 5 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 438  
   
 
   Card and processing revenue 
    
   
 58 
   
   
   
 266 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 5 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 329  
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 5 
   
    
   
 206 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 212  
   
 
   Other noninterest
income (b) 
    
   
 151 
   
   
   
 53 
   
    
   
 14 
   
   
   
 18 
   
    
   
 651 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 887  
   
 
   Securities losses, net 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 (54) 
   
 
   Securities losses, net -  non-qualifying  hedges on
MSRs 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 (15) 
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 917 
   
   
   
 754 
   
    
   
 205 
   
   
   
 456 
   
    
   
 596 
   
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
   
 2,790  
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Salaries, wages and incentives 
    
   
 300 
   
   
   
 438 
   
    
   
 156 
   
   
   
 173 
   
    
   
 716 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 1,783  
   
 
   Employee benefits 
    
   
 44 
   
   
   
 98 
   
    
   
 36 
   
   
   
 29 
   
    
   
 125 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 332  
   
 
   Net occupancy expense 
    
   
 26 
   
   
   
 175 
   
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 12 
   
    
   
 69 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 292  
   
 
   Technology and communications 
    
   
 7 
   
   
   
 5 
   
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 267 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 285  
   
 
   Card and processing expense 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 121 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 123  
   
 
   Equipment expense 
    
   
 23 
   
   
   
 50 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 49 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 123  
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 859 
   
   
   
 841 
   
    
   
 195 
   
   
   
 288 
   
    
   
 (1,055 
 )  
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
   
 990  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,263 
   
   
   
 1,728 
   
    
   
 402 
   
   
   
 504 
   
    
   
 169 
   
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
   
 3,928  
   
 
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
    
   
 1,393 
   
   
   
 889 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 122 
   
    
   
 363 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,765  
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense (benefit) 
    
   
 254 
   
   
   
 187 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 25 
   
    
   
 107 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 572  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 1,139 
   
   
   
 702 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 97 
   
    
   
 256 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,193  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total goodwill 
    
 $ 
 630 
   
   
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 193 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,478  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
             61,630 
   
   
   
 61,040 
   
    
   
 22,044 
   
   
   
 10,337 
   
    
   
 (8,982) (c) 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 146,069  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes impairment charges of  $ 45  for branches and land. For
more information refer to Note 7 and Note 26.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes bank premises and equipment of  $ 42  classified as held
for sale. For more information refer to Note 7.  
      194  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 2017 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial Banking    
   
    
 Branch   Banking   
   
    
 Consumer Lending 
   
    
   Wealth 
 and Asset Management 
   
    
 General Corporate and Other 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Total       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,652 
   
    
   
 1,782 
   
    
   
 240 
   
    
   
 154 
   
    
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 3,798  
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 38 
   
    
   
 153 
   
    
   
 40 
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 24 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 261  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 1,614 
   
    
   
 1,629 
   
    
   
 200 
   
    
   
 148 
   
    
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 3,537  
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
   
 287 
   
    
   
 265 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 554  
   
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 141 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 407 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (132) (a) 
   
   
   
 419  
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 348  (c) 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 353  
   
 
   Card and processing revenue 
    
   
 57 
   
    
   
 251 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 313  
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 217 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 224  
   
 
   Other noninterest income (b) 
    
   
 143 
   
    
   
 88 
   
    
   
 18 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 1,104 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 1,357  
   
 
   Securities gains, net 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2  
   
 
   Securities gains, net -  non-qualifying  hedges on
MSRs 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 838 
   
    
   
 756 
   
    
   
 237 
   
    
   
 419 
   
    
   
 1,106 
   
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 3,224  
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Salaries, wages and incentives 
    
   
 252 
   
    
   
 425 
   
    
   
 152 
   
    
   
 154 
   
    
   
 650 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 1,633  
   
 
   Employee benefits 
    
   
 42 
   
    
   
 101 
   
    
   
 37 
   
    
   
 27 
   
    
   
 149 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 356  
   
 
   Net occupancy expense 
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 176 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 11 
   
    
   
 72 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 295  
   
 
   Technology and communications 
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 230 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 245  
   
 
   Card and processing expense 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 127 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 129  
   
 
   Equipment expense 
    
   
 18 
   
    
   
 52 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 47 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 117  
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 884 
   
    
   
 796 
   
    
   
 210 
   
    
   
 276 
   
    
   
 (1,027 
 )  
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 1,007  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,234 
   
    
   
 1,681 
   
    
   
 411 
   
    
   
 468 
   
    
   
 120 
   
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 3,782  
   
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 1,218 
   
    
   
 704 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 99 
   
    
   
 932 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2,979  
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense 
    
   
 391 
   
    
   
 249 
   
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 34 
   
    
   
 116 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 799  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 827 
   
    
   
 455 
   
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 65 
   
    
   
 816 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2,180  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total goodwill 
    
 $ 
 613 
   
    
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 177 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2,445  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
             58,456 
   
    
   
 57,931 
   
    
   
 22,218 
   
    
   
 9,494 
   
    
   
 (6,018) (d) 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 142,081  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes impairment charges of $7 for branches and land. For more information refer to Note 7 and Note 26.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes impairment charges of $52 for operating lease equipment. For more information refer to Note 26.
 
 
 
 (d) 
   Includes bank premises and equipment of $27 classified as held for sale. For more information refer to
Note 7.  
      195  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 2016 ($ in millions) 
    
 Commercial Banking    
   
    
 Branch   Banking   
   
    
 Consumer Lending 
   
    
   Wealth 
 and Asset Management 
   
    
 General Corporate and Other 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Total       
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,814 
   
    
   
 1,669 
   
    
   
 248 
   
    
   
 168 
   
    
   
 (284 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 3,615  
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 76 
   
    
   
 138 
   
    
   
 44 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 84 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 343  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 1,738 
   
    
   
 1,531 
   
    
   
 204 
   
    
   
 167 
   
    
   
 (368 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 3,272  
   
 
   Noninterest income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service charges on deposits 
    
   
 292 
   
    
   
 265 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 558  
   
 
   Wealth and asset management revenue 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 140 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 391 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (131) (a) 
   
   
   
 404  
   
 
   Corporate banking revenue 
    
   
 430  (c) 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 432  
   
 
   Card and processing revenue 
    
   
 62 
   
    
   
 253 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 319  
   
 
   Mortgage banking net revenue 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 277 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 285  
   
 
   Other noninterest income (b) 
    
   
 119 
   
    
   
 85 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 457 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 688  
   
 
   Securities gains, net 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 10  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 907 
   
    
   
 755 
   
    
   
 303 
   
    
   
 399 
   
    
   
 463 
   
   
   
 (131 
 )  
   
   
 2,696  
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Salaries, wages and incentives 
    
   
 254 
   
    
   
 419 
   
    
   
 158 
   
    
   
 142 
   
    
   
 639 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 1,612  
   
 
   Employee benefits 
    
   
 42 
   
    
   
 101 
   
    
   
 37 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 133 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 339  
   
 
   Net occupancy expense 
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 178 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 75 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 299  
   
 
   Technology and communications 
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 217 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 234  
   
 
   Card and processing expense 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 128 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 132  
   
 
   Equipment expense 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 56 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 46 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 118  
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 873 
   
    
   
 798 
   
    
   
 224 
   
    
   
 254 
   
    
   
 (992 
 )  
   
   
 (131 
 )  
   
   
 1,026  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,228 
   
    
   
 1,683 
   
    
   
 430 
   
    
   
 432 
   
    
   
 118 
   
   
   
 (131 
 )  
   
   
 3,760  
   
 
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
    
   
 1,417 
   
    
   
 603 
   
    
   
 77 
   
    
   
 134 
   
    
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2,208  
   
 
   Applicable income tax expense (benefit) 
    
   
 403 
   
    
   
 213 
   
    
   
 27 
   
    
   
 48 
   
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 665  
   
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 1,014 
   
    
   
 390 
   
    
   
 50 
   
    
   
 86 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 1,543  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total goodwill 
    
 $ 
 613 
   
    
   
 1,655 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 148 
   
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 2,416  
   
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
             57,995 
   
    
   
         55,979 
   
    
   
 22,041 
   
    
   
 9,494 
   
    
   
 (3,429) (d) 
   
   
   
 -  
   
   
   
 142,080  
   
 
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
   Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Includes impairment charges of $32 for branches and land. For more information refer to Note 7.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Includes impairment charges of $20 for operating lease equipment.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Includes bank premises and equipment of $39 classified as held for sale.  
      196  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  30. PENDING ACQUISITION  
  
 
  On May 21, 2018, Fifth Third Bancorp and MB Financial, Inc. jointly announced the signing
of a definitive merger agreement under which, on the terms and conditions set forth therein, MB Financial, Inc. (“MB Financial”) will merge with a subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp in a transaction valued at approximately $4.7 billion
based on the closing price of Fifth Third Bancorp’s common shares on May 18, 2018. MB Financial is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois with reported assets of approximately $20 billion as of September 30, 2018 and is the holding
company of MB Financial Bank, N.A. In conjunction with the closing of the transaction, two members of MB Financial’s Board of Directors are expected to join the Fifth Third Bancorp Board.  
 Under the terms of the agreement, common shareholders of MB Financial will receive 1.45 shares of Fifth Third Bancorp common
stock and $5.54 in cash for each share of MB Financial common stock, which had an implied value of $54.20 per share of MB Financial common stock, based on the closing price of Fifth Third Bancorp’s common shares on May 18, 2018. The
exchange ratio of Fifth Third Bancorp common shares for MB Financial
 

  
common shares is fixed and will not adjust based on changes in Fifth Third Bancorp’s share trading price.  
 On September 18, 2018, MB Financial held a special meeting of stockholders at which MB Financial stockholders voted on
proposals relating to the pending merger. MB Financial’s common stockholders approved the Common Stockholder Merger Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal but an insufficient number of votes were received from MB Financial’s preferred
stockholders to approve the Preferred Stockholder Merger Proposal. As a result, the merger will be completed through the Alternative Merger, the merger of a newly-formed subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial
surviving that merger, as a subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp. Detailed voting results are provided in a Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on September 20, 2018 by MB Financial.  
 The transaction remains subject to regulatory approval and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. The
transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2019.    
      31.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
  
 
  On January 25, 2019, the Bancorp issued and sold $1.5 billion of 3.65% senior
fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of five years, due on January 25, 2024. These notes will be redeemable by the Bancorp, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of
the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On February 1, 2019, the Bank issued and sold, under its bank notes program, $300 million of senior floating-rate
notes, with a
 

  
maturity of three years, due on February 1, 2022. Interest on the floating-rate notes is  3-month  LIBOR plus 64 bps. These notes will be redeemable by
the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the
redemption date.    

      197  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE    None.  
 ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 The Bancorp conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Bancorp’s management, including the
Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Bancorp’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on the foregoing, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Bancorp’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in all material respects, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Bancorp files and submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported as and when required and information is accumulated and communicated to management including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.    MANAGEMENT’S ASSESSMENT AS TO THE EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
   The management of Fifth Third Bancorp is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control, designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Bancorp’s
management assessed the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018. Management’s assessment is based on the criteria established in the  Internal Control — Integrated
Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and was designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018. Based on this assessment, management believes that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018. The Bancorp’s independent registered public accounting firm,
that audited the Bancorp’s consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018. This report appears on page 199 of the annual
report.    CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS  
 The Bancorp’s management also conducted an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes
occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, there has been no such change
during the year covered by this report.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
    
   /s/ Tayfun Tuzun 
 
   Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
    
   Tayfun Tuzun 
 
   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
   
 
    
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
   March 1, 2019 
   
 
    
   March 1, 2019 
 
      198  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp:  
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Bancorp maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by COSO.  
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) the
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, of the Bancorp and our report dated March 1, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and included an explanatory
paragraph regarding the Bancorp’s election to retrospectively change its accounting for qualifying  Low-Income  Housing Tax Credit investments from the equity method to the proportional amortization method.
   Basis for Opinion    The
Bancorp’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Bancorp in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting, may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP  
 Cincinnati, Ohio  
 March 1, 2019  
      199  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION  
 None.    
 PART III    ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
   The information required by this item relating to the Executive Officers of the Registrant is included in PART I under
“EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE BANCORP.”    The information required by this item concerning Directors and the
nomination process is incorporated herein by reference under the caption “ELECTION OF DIRECTORS” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  
 The information required by this item concerning the Audit Committee and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is incorporated
herein by reference under the captions “CORPORATE GOVERNANCE” and “BOARD OF DIRECTORS, ITS COMMITTEES, MEETINGS AND FUNCTIONS” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  
 The information required by this item concerning Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance is
incorporated herein by reference under the caption “SECTION 16 (a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  
 ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference under the captions “COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS,”
“COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,” “BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION,” “CEO PAY RATIO,” “HUMAN CAPITAL AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT” and “COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER
PARTICIPATION” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  
 ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    Security ownership information of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by
reference under the captions “CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS,” “ELECTION OF DIRECTORS,” “COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS,” “BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION,” and “COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.    The information
required by this item concerning Equity Compensation Plan information is included in Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE    The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference under the captions “CERTAIN
TRANSACTIONS”, “ELECTION OF DIRECTORS”, “CORPORATE GOVERNANCE” and “BOARD OF DIRECTORS, ITS COMMITTEES, MEETINGS AND FUNCTIONS” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
 
  ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES    The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference under the caption “PRINCIPAL INDEPENDENT
EXTERNAL AUDIT FIRM FEES” of the Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.    
 PART IV    ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 Pages 
   
 
     
   
 
   Public Accounting Firm 
    
    
 105, 199 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial
Statements 
    
   
 106-110 
   
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 111-197 
   
   The schedules for the Bancorp and its subsidiaries are omitted because of the absence of conditions under
which they are required, or because the information is set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto.    The
following lists the Exhibits to the Annual Report on Form  10-K:       
 
 
 2.1 
   Master Investment Agreement
 (excluding exhibits and schedules) dated as of March 27, 2009 and amended as of June 30, 2009, among Fifth Third Bank, Fifth Third Financial Corporation, Advent-Kong Blocker Corp., FTPS Holding, LLC and Fifth Third Processing Solutions,
LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on July 2, 2009.    
 
 
 2.2 
   Agreement and Plan
 of Merger by and among Fifth Third Bancorp, Fifth Third Financial Corporation and MB Financial, Inc. dated as of May 20, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form
 8-K  filed with the SEC on May 22, 2018.    
 
 
 3.1 
   Amended Articles of
 Incorporation of Fifth Third Bancorp, as Amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014.  
 
 
 
 3.2 
   Code of Regulations
 of Fifth Third Bancorp, as Amended as of September 15, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015.    
 
 
 4.1 
   Junior Subordinated Indenture,
 dated as of March 20, 1997 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on
March 26, 1997.    
 
 
 4.2 
   Indenture, dated as
 of May 23, 2003, between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on
May 22, 2003.    
 
 
 4.3 
   Global Security representing
Fifth Third Bancorp’s $500,000,000 4.50% Subordinated Notes due 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on May 22, 2003.
   
 
 
 4.4 
   First Supplemental Indenture,
 dated as of December 20, 2006, between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006.      

      200  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 

 
 
 4.5 
   First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March 30, 2007 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, to the Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of May 20, 1997 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Wilmington Trust Company. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on March 30, 2007.    
 
 
 4.6 
   Global Security dated as
 of March 4, 2008 representing Fifth Third Bancorp’s $500,000,000 8.25% Subordinated Notes due 2038. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q 
for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2008. (1).    
 
 
 4.7 
   Indenture for Senior Debt
 Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
filed with the SEC on May 6, 2008.    
 
 
 4.8 
   First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of January 25, 2011 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third and the Trustee. Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on January 25, 2011.    
 
 
 4.9 
   Second Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of March 7, 2012 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Wilmington Trust Company.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on March 7, 2012.    
 
 
 4.10 
   Global Security dated
as of March 7, 2012 representing Fifth Third Bancorp’s $500,000,000 3.500% Senior Notes due 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K/A  filed
with the SEC on March 7, 2012.    
 
 
 4.11 
   Deposit Agreement
 dated as of May 16, 2013, between Fifth Third Bancorp, as issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depositary and calculation agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as transfer agent and registrar, and the
holders from time to time of the depositary receipts issued thereunder. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on May 16,
2013.    
 
 
 4.12 
   Form of Certificate
 Representing the 5.10%  Fixed-to-Floating  Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series H, of Fifth Third Bancorp.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on May 16, 2013.    
 
 
 4.13 
   Form of Depositary
 Receipt for the 5.10%  Fixed-to-Floating  Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series H, of Fifth Third Bancorp.
Incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on May 16, 2013.    
 
 
 4.14 
   Global Security dated
as of November 20, 2013 representing Fifth Third Bancorp’s $500,000,000 4.30% Subordinated Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
filed with the SEC on November 20, 2013. (2)    
 
 
 4.15 
   Deposit Agreement
 dated December 9, 2013, between Fifth Third Bancorp, as issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depositary and calculation agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC as transfer agent and registrar, and the holders
from time to time of the depositary receipts issued thereunder. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on December 9, 2013.
   
 
 
 4.16 
   Form of Certificate
 Representing the 6.625%  Fixed-to-Floating  Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series I, of Fifth Third Bancorp.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on December 9, 2013.  
 

 
 
 4.17 
   Form of Depositary
 Receipt for the 6.625%  Fixed-to-Floating  Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series I, of Fifth Third Bancorp.
Incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on December 9, 2013.    
 
 
 4.18 
   Deposit Agreement
 dated June 5, 2014, among Fifth Third Bancorp, as issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depositary and calculation agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC as transfer agent and registrar, and the holders from
time to time of the depositary receipts issued thereunder. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on June 5, 2014.  
 
 
 
 4.19 
   Form of Certificate
 Representing the 4.90%  Fixed-to-Floating  Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series J, of Fifth Third Bancorp.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on June 5, 2014.    
 
 
 4.20 
   Form of Depositary
 Receipt for the 4.90%  Fixed-to-Floating  Rate  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series J, of Fifth Third Bancorp.
Incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on June 5, 2014.    
 
 
 4.21 
   Third Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of February 28, 2014 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014.    
 
 
 4.22 
   Global Security dated
as of February 28, 2014, representing Fifth Third Bancorp’s $500,000,000 in principal amount of its 2.30% Senior Notes due 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014.    
 
 
 4.23 
   Fourth Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of July 27, 2015 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on July 27, 2015.    
 
 
 4.24 
   Global Security dated
 as of July 27, 2015, representing Fifth Third Bancorp’s $1,100,000,000 in principal amount of its 2.875% Senior Notes due 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on July 27, 2015.    
 
 
 4.25 
   Fifth Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of June 15, 2017 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on June 15, 2017.    
 
 
 4.26 
   Form of 2.600% Senior
 Notes due 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on June 15, 2017.    
 
 
 4.27 
   Sixth Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of March 14, 2018 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on March 14, 2018.    
 
 
 4.28 
   Form of 3.950% Senior
 Notes due 2028. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on March 14, 2018.    
 
 
 4.29 
   Seventh Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of June 5, 2018 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on June 5, 2018.    
 
 
 4.30 
   Form of Floating Rate
 Senior Notes due 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on June 5, 2018.  
   

      201  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 

 
 
 4.31 
   Amendment dated as
of August 31, 2018 to Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 5, 2018 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth
Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018.  
 
 
 
 4.32 
   Eighth Supplemental
 Indenture dated as of January 25, 2019 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of April 30, 2008 between Fifth Third Bancorp and the Trustee. Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on January 25, 2019.    
 
 
 4.33 
   Form of 3.650% Senior
 Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on January 25, 2019.    
 
 
 4.34 
   Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its
subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation  S-K.  The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments.  
 
 
 10.1 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee  Directors, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.*    
 
 
 10.2 
   First Amendment to
 Fifth Third Bancorp Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee  Directors, as Amended and Restated effective June 1, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.3 
   Second Amendment
 to Fifth Third Bancorp Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee  Directors, as Amended and Restated effective June 1, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.4 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 Master Profit Sharing Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011.*  
 
 
 
 10.5 
   First Amendment to
 Fifth Third Bancorp Master Profit Sharing Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2011.*    
 
 
 10.6 
   Second Amendment
 to Fifth Third Bancorp Master Profit Sharing Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012.*    
 
 
 10.7 
   Third Amendment to
 Fifth Third Bancorp Master Profit Sharing Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2013.*    
 
 
 10.8 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.*  
 
 
 
 10.9 
   First Amendment to
Fifth Third Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.
   
 
 
 10.10 
   Second Amendment
 to Fifth Third Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the
fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.11 
   Third Amendment to
 Fifth Third Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.12 
   Fourth Amendment
 to Fifth Third Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.13 
   Fifth Amendment to
 Fifth Third Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal
quarter ended March 31, 2018.*    

 
 
 10.14 
   Sixth Amendment to Fifth Third Bancorp 401(k) Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated
 effective January 1, 2015.*    
 
 
 10.15 
   The Fifth Third Bancorp
 Master Retirement Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.**  
 
 
 
 10.16 
   First Amendment to
 The Fifth Third Bancorp Master Retirement Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015.*    
 
 
 10.17 
   Second Amendment
 to The Fifth Third Bancorp Master Retirement Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2016.*    
 
 
 10.18 
   Third Amendment
 to The Fifth Third Bancorp Master Retirement Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.19 
   Fourth Amendment to The Fifth Third Bancorp Master Retirement Plan, as Amended and
 Restated.*    
 
 
 10.20 
   Fifth Third Bancorp Incentive
 Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex 2 to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated February 19, 2004.*    
 
 
 10.21 
   Fifth Third Bancorp 2008
 Incentive Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex 2 to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated March 6, 2008.*    
 
 
 10.22 
   First Amendment to the Fifth Third Bancorp 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan.*
   
 
 
 10.23 
   Fifth Third Bancorp 2011
 Incentive Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex 1 to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated March 10, 2011.*    
 
 
 10.24 
   First Amendment to the Fifth Third Bancorp 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan.*
   
 
 
 10.25 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated March 6, 2014.*    
 
 
 10.26 
   First Amendment to the Fifth Third Bancorp 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan.*
   
 
 
 10.27 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated March 9, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.28 
   First Amendment to the Fifth Third Bancorp 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan.*
   
 
 
 10.29 
   Amended and Restated
 Fifth Third Bancorp 1993 Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011.*  
 
 
 
 10.30 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013.*    
 
 
 10.31 
   Amendment to the
 Fifth Third Bancorp  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form
 10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.*    
 
 
 10.32 
   Second Amendment
 to the Fifth Third Bancorp  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report
on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.33 
   Third Amendment to
 Fifth Third Bancorp  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.34 
   Fourth Amendment
 to Fifth Third Bancorp  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018.*    
 
 
 10.35 
   Fifth Amendment to Fifth Third Bancorp  Non-qualified
  Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2013.*      

      202  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 

 
 
 10.36 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 Stock Option Gain Deferral Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex 5 to the Registrant’s Proxy Statement dated February 9, 2001.*    
 
 
 10.37 
   Amendment No. 
1 to Fifth Third Bancorp Stock Option Gain Deferral Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on May 26, 2005. *  
 
 
 
 10.38 
   Amended and
 Restated First National Bankshares of Florida, Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to First National Bankshares of Florida, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2003. *    
 
 
 10.39 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, effective January 1, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on November 21,
2014.*    
 
 
 10.40 
   First Amendment to the Fifth Third Bancorp Executive Change in Control Severance
 Plan.*    
 
 
 10.41 
   Second Amended &
 Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (excluding certain exhibits) dated as of March 21, 2012 by and among Vantiv, Inc., Fifth Third Bank, FTPS Partners, LLC, Vantiv Holding, LLC and each person who becomes a member after March 21,
2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit C to the Registrant’s Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on April 2, 2012.    
 
 
 10.42 
   Amendment and Restatement
 Agreement and Reaffirmation (excluding certain schedules) dated as of June 30, 2009 among Fifth Third Processing Solutions, LLC, FTPS Holding, LLC, Card Management Company, LLC, Fifth Third Holdings, LLC and Fifth Third Bank. Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on July 2, 2009.    
 
 
 10.43 
   Registration Rights
 Agreement dated as of March 21, 2012 by and among Vantiv, Inc., Fifth Third Bank, FTPS Partners, LLC, JPDN Enterprises, LLC and certain stockholders of Vantiv, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit E to the Registrant’s Schedule 13D
filed with the SEC on April 2, 2012.    
 
 
 10.44 
   Exchange Agreement
 dated as of March 21, 2012 by and among Vantiv, Inc., Vantiv Holding, LLC, Fifth Third Bank, FTPS Partners, LLC and such other holders of Class B Units and Class C  Non-Voting  Units that are
from time to time parties of the Exchange Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Registrant’s Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on April 2, 2012.    
 
 
 10.45 
   Recapitalization
 Agreement dated as of March 21, 2012 by and among Vantiv, Inc., Vantiv Holding, LLC, Fifth Third Bank, FTPS Partners, LLC, JPDN Enterprises, LLC and certain stockholders of Vantiv, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit D to the
Registrant’s Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on April 2, 2012.    
 
 
 10.46 
   Stock Appreciation
 Right Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.*    
 
 
 10.47 
   Performance Share
 Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.*    
 
 
 10.48 
   Restricted Stock
 Award Agreement (for Directors). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.*    
 
 
 10.49 
   Restricted Stock
 Award Agreement (for Executive Officers). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.*  
 
 
 
 10.50 
   Stock Appreciation
 Right Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.*    
 
 
 10.51 
   Performance Share
 Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.*    
 
 
 10.52 
   Restricted Stock
 Unit Agreement (for Directors). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.*    
 
 
 10.53 
   Restricted Stock
 Award Agreement (for Executive Officers). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.*  
 

 
 
 10.54 
   Master Confirmation
 for accelerated share repurchase transaction between Fifth Third Bancorp and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. acting as agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013.**    
 
 
 10.55 
   Master Confirmation,
 as supplemented by a Supplemental Confirmation, for accelerated share repurchase transaction dated October 20, 2014 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.**    
 
 
 10.56 
   Master Confirmation,
 as supplemented by a Supplemental Confirmation, for accelerated share repurchase transaction dated July 29, 2015 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2015.**    
 
 
 10.57 
   Master Confirmation,
 as supplemented by a Supplemental Confirmation, for accelerated share repurchase transaction dated April 27, 2015 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Barclays Bank PLC, through its agent Barclays Capital Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2015.**    
 
 
 10.58 
   Offer letter from
 Fifth Third Bancorp to Lars C. Anderson. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on July 16, 2015**    
 
 
 10.59 
   Master Confirmation,
 dated January 22, 2015, and Supplemental Confirmation, for accelerated share repurchase transaction dated January 22, 2015 between Fifth Third Bancorp and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2015.**    
 
 
 10.60 
   Bancorp Director
 Pay Program. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016.*    
 
 
 10.61 
   2016 Restricted
 Stock Unit Grant Agreement (for Directors). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.*  
 
 
 
 10.62 
   2017 Stock Appreciation
 Right Award Agreement (for Executive Officers). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.*  
 
 
 
 10.63 
   2017 Performance
 Share Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.*    
 
 
 10.64 
   2017 Restricted
 Stock Unit Grant Agreement (for Executive Officers). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.*  
 
 
 
 10.65 
   Long-Term Incentive
 Award Overview February 2017 Grants. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.*  
 
 
 
 10.66 
   Restricted Stock
 Unit Grant Agreement (for Directors) for Fifth Third Bancorp 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal
quarter ended June 30, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.67 
   Supplemental Confirmation
 dated February 8, 2018, to Master Confirmation, dated July 29, 2015, for accelerated share repurchase transaction between Fifth Third Bancorp and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.**    
 
 
 10.68 
   Supplemental Confirmation
 dated May 23, 2018, to Master Confirmation, dated July 29, 2015, for accelerated share repurchase transaction between Fifth Third Bancorp and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2018.**  
   

      203  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 

 
 
 10.69 
   2018 Stock Appreciation
 Right Award Agreement (for Executive Officers). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.*  
 
 
 
 10.70 
   2018 Performance
 Share Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.71 
   2018 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement (for Executive Officers). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.*  
 
 
 
 10.72 
   Long-Term Incentive
 Award Overview 2018 Grants. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.*    
 
 
 10.73 
   2018 Restricted Stock
 Unit Grant Agreement (for Directors). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018.*    

 
 
 10.74 
   2018 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program Overview February 2019 Grants.*
   
 
 
 10.75 
   2019 Performance Share Award Agreement.*    
 
 
 10.76 
   2019 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for Executive Officers).*  
 
 
 
 10.77 
   2019 Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement (for Executive Officers).*  
 
 
 
 14 
   Fifth Third Bancorp
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended and restated. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on September 24, 2018.  
 
 
 
 18 
   Preferability Letter of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Deloitte &
 Touche LLP.    
 
 
 21 
   Fifth Third Bancorp Subsidiaries, as of February 15, 2019.  
 
 
 
 23 
   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Deloitte 
& Touche LLP.    
 
 
 31(i) 
   Certification Pursuant to Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer.    
 
 
 31(ii) 
   Certification Pursuant to Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer.    
 
 
 32(i) 
   Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 
1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer.    
 
 
 32(ii) 
   Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 
1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer.    
 
 
 99.1 
   Consent Order pursuant
 to the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, dated September 28, 2015, between Fifth Third Bank and the U.S. Department of Justice regarding indirect auto loans. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant’s Current
Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on September 29, 2015.    
 
 
 99.2 
   Consent Order pursuant
 to the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, dated September 28, 2015, between Fifth Third Bank and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, including the Stipulation and Consent to the Issuance of a Consent Order, dated
September 28, 2015, by Fifth Third Bank regarding indirect auto loans. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on
September 29, 2015.    
 
 
 99.3 
   Consent Order pursuant
 to the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, dated September 28, 2015, between Fifth Third Bank and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, including the Stipulation and Consent to the Issuance of a Consent Order, dated
September 28, 2015, by Fifth Third Bank regarding credit card  add-on  products. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
 8-K  filed with the SEC on September 29, 2015.    
 
 
 99.4 
   Settlement Agreement
 entered into on September 30, 2015, between the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and Fifth Third Bancorp and its subsidiaries. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on October 7, 2015.    
 
 
 99.5 
   Stipulation and Order
of Settlement and Dismissal entered into on September 30, 2015, by and among plaintiff the United States of America and on behalf of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Federal Housing Administration and Fifth
Third Bancorp and its subsidiaries (excluding exhibits). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed with the SEC on October 7, 2015.  
 

 
 
 101 
   Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T: 
(i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as blocks of text and in detail.      
 
 
 (1) 
   Fifth Third Bancorp also entered into an identical security on March 4, 2008 representing an
additional $500,000,000 of its 8.25% Subordinated Notes due 2038.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Fifth Third Bancorp also entered into an identical security on November 20, 2013 representing an
additional $250,000,000 in principal amount of its 4.30% Subordinated Notes due 2024.    *    Denotes management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    ** An application for confidential treatment for selected portions of this exhibit has been filed with
the SEC.    ITEM 16.  FORM 10–K SUMMARY  
 None.    

      204  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    FIFTH THIRD BANCORP  
 Registrant      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
 
   Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
 
   Chairman, President and CEO 
   
 
 
   Principal Executive Officer 
   
 
 
 March 1, 2019 
   
 
   Pursuant to requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed on March 1, 2019 by the
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.    OFFICERS :  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
 
   Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
 
   Chairman, President and CEO 
   
 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Tayfun Tuzun 
   
 
 
   Tayfun Tuzun 
   
 
 
 Executive Vice President and CFO 
   
 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Mark D. Hazel 
   
 
 
   Mark D. Hazel 
   
 
 
   Senior   Vice President and Controller 
   
 
 
   Principal Accounting Officer 
   
 
   
  DIRECTORS:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
 
   Greg D. Carmichael 
   
 
 
   Chairman 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
   Marsha C. Williams 
   
 
 
   Lead Independent Director 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Nicholas K. Akins 
   
 
 
   Nicholas K. Akins 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ B. Evan Bayh III 
   
 
 
   B. Evan Bayh III 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jorge L. Benitez 
   
 
 
   Jorge L. Benitez 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Katherine B. Blackburn 
   
 
 
   Katherine B. Blackburn 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Emerson L. Brumback 
   
 
 
   Emerson L. Brumback 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jerry W. Burris 
   
 
 
   Jerry W. Burris 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Gary R. Heminger 
   
 
 
   Gary R. Heminger 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jewell D. Hoover 
   
 
 
   Jewell D. Hoover 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Eileen A. Mallesch 
   
 
 
   Eileen A. Mallesch 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael B. McCallister 
   
 
 
   Michael B. McCallister 
   
 
     

      205  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  CONSOLIDATED TEN YEAR COMPARISON  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AVERAGE ASSETS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 ($ IN MILLIONS) 
   


 
     
     
   
 
   
   
   
 Interest-Earning Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Year 
   
   
   Loans and 
 Leases 
   
   
 Federal Funds Sold (a) 
   
   
 Interest-Bearing Deposits in Banks (a) 
   
   
 Investment Securities 
   
 Total 
   
   
 Cash and Due from Banks 
   
   
 Other Assets (c) 
   
   
 Total Average     Assets (c)      
   
 
     
     
   
 
   
       2018 
   
   
 $ 
             93,876             
   
   
   
 1       
   
   
   
 1,475        
   
   
 33,553  
   
   
 128,905 
   
   
   
 2,200         
   
   
   
 12,203       
   
   
   
 142,183           
   
 
   
       2017 
   
   
   
 92,731             
   
   
   
 1       
   
   
   
 1,389        
   
   
 32,172  
   
   
 126,293 
   
   
   
 2,224         
   
   
   
 13,236       
   
   
   
 140,527           
   
 
   
       2016 
   
   
   
 94,320             
   
   
   
 1       
   
   
   
 1,865        
   
   
 30,099  
   
   
 126,285 
   
   
   
 2,303         
   
   
   
 14,870       
   
   
   
 142,173           
   
 
   
       2015 
   
   
   
 93,339             
   
   
   
 1       
   
   
   
 3,257        
   
   
 26,987  
   
   
 123,584 
   
   
   
 2,608         
   
   
   
 15,100       
   
   
   
 139,999           
   
 
   
       2014 
   
   
   
 91,127             
   
   
   
 -       
   
   
   
 3,043        
   
   
 21,823  
   
   
 115,993 
   
   
   
 2,892         
   
   
   
 14,443       
   
   
   
 131,847           
   
 
   
       2013 
   
   
   
 89,093             
   
   
   
 1       
   
   
   
 2,416        
   
   
 16,444  
   
   
 107,954 
   
   
   
 2,482         
   
   
   
 15,025       
   
   
   
 123,704           
   
 
   
       2012 
   
   
   
 84,822             
   
   
   
 2       
   
   
   
 1,493        
   
   
 15,319  
   
   
 101,636 
   
   
   
 2,355         
   
   
   
 15,643       
   
   
   
 117,562           
   
 
   
       2011 
   
   
   
 80,214             
   
   
   
 1       
   
   
   
 2,030        
   
   
 15,437  
   
   
 97,682 
   
   
   
 2,352         
   
   
   
 15,259       
   
   
   
 112,590           
   
 
   
       2010 
   
   
   
 79,232             
   
   
   
 11       
   
   
   
 3,317        
   
   
 16,371  
   
   
 98,931 
   
   
   
 2,245         
   
   
   
 14,758       
   
   
   
 112,351           
   
 
   
       2009 
   
   
   
 83,391             
   
   
   
 12       
   
   
   
 1,023        
   
   
 17,100  
   
   
 101,526 
   
   
   
 2,329         
   
   
   
 14,179       
   
   
   
 114,769           
   
 
     
     
   
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AVERAGE DEPOSITS AND SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 ($ IN MILLIONS) 
   


 
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Deposits 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Year 
   
   
 Demand 
   
   
 Interest Checking 
   
   
 Savings 
   
   
 Money Market 
   
   
 Other Time 
   
   
 Certificates $100,000 and Over 
   
   
 Foreign Office and Other 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Short-Term Borrowings (b) 
   
   
 Total         
   
 
     
     
   
 
   
     2018   
   
   
 $ 
           32,634               
   
   
   
 29,818   
   
   
   
 13,330 
   
   
   
 21,769 
   
   
   
 4,106     
   
   
   
 2,426       
   
   
   
 839    
   
   
   
 104,922 
   
   
   
 3,120       
   
   
   
 108,042       
   
 
   
     2017   
   
   
   
 35,093               
   
   
   
 26,382   
   
   
   
 13,958 
   
   
   
 20,231 
   
   
   
 3,771     
   
   
   
 2,564       
   
   
   
 665    
   
   
   
 102,664 
   
   
   
 3,715       
   
   
   
 106,379       
   
 
   
     2016   
   
   
   
 35,862               
   
   
   
 25,143   
   
   
   
 14,346 
   
   
   
 19,523 
   
   
   
 4,010     
   
   
   
 2,735       
   
   
   
 830    
   
   
   
 102,449 
   
   
   
 3,351       
   
   
   
 105,800       
   
 
   
     2015   
   
   
   
 35,164               
   
   
   
 26,160   
   
   
   
 14,951 
   
   
   
 18,152 
   
   
   
 4,051     
   
   
   
 2,869       
   
   
   
 874    
   
   
   
 102,221 
   
   
   
 2,641       
   
   
   
 104,862       
   
 
   
     2014   
   
   
   
 31,755               
   
   
   
 25,382   
   
   
   
 16,080 
   
   
   
 14,670 
   
   
   
 3,762     
   
   
   
 3,929       
   
   
   
 1,828    
   
   
   
 97,406 
   
   
   
 2,331       
   
   
   
 99,737       
   
 
   
     2013   
   
   
   
 29,925               
   
   
   
 23,582   
   
   
   
 18,440 
   
   
   
 9,467 
   
   
   
 3,760     
   
   
   
 6,339       
   
   
   
 1,518    
   
   
   
 93,031 
   
   
   
 3,527       
   
   
   
 96,558       
   
 
   
     2012   
   
   
   
 27,196               
   
   
   
 23,096   
   
   
   
 21,393 
   
   
   
 4,903 
   
   
   
 4,306     
   
   
   
 3,102       
   
   
   
 1,555    
   
   
   
 85,551 
   
   
   
 4,806       
   
   
   
 90,357       
   
 
   
     2011   
   
   
   
 23,389               
   
   
   
 18,707   
   
   
   
 21,652 
   
   
   
 5,154 
   
   
   
 6,260     
   
   
   
 3,656       
   
   
   
 3,497    
   
   
   
 82,315 
   
   
   
 3,122       
   
   
   
 85,437       
   
 
   
     2010   
   
   
   
 19,669               
   
   
   
 18,218   
   
   
   
 19,612 
   
   
   
 4,808 
   
   
   
 10,526     
   
   
   
 6,083       
   
   
   
 3,361    
   
   
   
 82,277 
   
   
   
 1,926       
   
   
   
 84,203       
   
 
   
     2009   
   
   
   
 16,862               
   
   
   
 15,070   
   
   
   
 16,875 
   
   
   
 4,320 
   
   
   
 14,103     
   
   
   
 10,367       
   
   
   
 2,265    
   
   
   
 79,862 
   
   
   
 6,980       
   
   
   
 86,842       
   
 
     
     
   
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 ($ IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 
   


 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Per Share 
   
 
      Year 
   
     Interest Income 
   
   
 Interest     Expense     
   
   
 Noninterest   Income   
   
   
 Noninterest Expense (c) 
   
   
 Net Income Available to Common Shareholders  (c) 
   
   
     Earnings  (c)      
   
   
 Diluted Earnings  (c) 
   
   
 Dividends       Declared       
   
 
     
   
 
    2018 
   
   
 $                5,183    
   
   
   
 1,043  
   
   
   
 2,790    
   
   
   
 3,928 
   
   
   
 2,118          
   
   
   
 3.11     
   
   
   
 3.06 
   
   
   
 0.74      
   
 
    2017 
   
   
 4,489    
   
   
   
 691  
   
   
   
 3,224    
   
   
   
 3,782 
   
   
   
 2,105          
   
   
   
 2.86     
   
   
   
 2.81 
   
   
   
 0.60      
   
 
    2016 
   
   
 4,193    
   
   
   
 578  
   
   
   
 2,696    
   
   
   
 3,760 
   
   
   
 1,472          
   
   
   
 1.92     
   
   
   
 1.91 
   
   
   
 0.53      
   
 
    2015 
   
   
 4,028    
   
   
   
 495  
   
   
   
 3,003    
   
   
   
 3,647 
   
   
   
 1,610          
   
   
   
 2.00     
   
   
   
 1.97 
   
   
   
 0.52      
   
 
    2014 
   
   
 4,030    
   
   
   
 451  
   
   
   
 2,473    
   
   
   
 3,592 
   
   
   
 1,384          
   
   
   
 1.65     
   
   
   
 1.63 
   
   
   
 0.51      
   
 
    2013 
   
   
 3,973    
   
   
   
 412  
   
   
   
 3,227    
   
   
   
 3,961 
   
   
   
 1,799          
   
   
   
 2.05     
   
   
   
 2.02 
   
   
   
 0.47      
   
 
    2012 
   
   
 4,107    
   
   
   
 512  
   
   
   
 2,999    
   
   
   
 4,081 
   
   
   
 1,541          
   
   
   
 1.69     
   
   
   
 1.66 
   
   
   
 0.36      
   
 
    2011 
   
   
 4,218    
   
   
   
 661  
   
   
   
 2,455    
   
   
   
 3,758 
   
   
   
 1,094          
   
   
   
 1.20     
   
   
   
 1.18 
   
   
   
 0.28      
   
 
    2010 
   
   
 4,489    
   
   
   
 885  
   
   
   
 2,729    
   
   
   
 3,855 
   
   
   
 503          
   
   
   
 0.63     
   
   
   
 0.63 
   
   
   
 0.04      
   
 
    2009 
   
   
 4,668    
   
   
   
 1,314  
   
   
   
 4,782    
   
   
   
 3,826 
   
   
   
 511          
   
   
   
 0.73     
   
   
   
 0.67 
   
   
   
 0.04      
   
 
     
   
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS AT DECEMBER 31 ($ IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 
   


 
     
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Bancorp Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Year 
   
   
 Common Shares Outstanding 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Preferred Stock 
   
   
 Capital Surplus 
   
   
 Retained Earnings  (c) 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Total  (c) 
   
   
 Book Value Per Share  (c) 
   
   
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
   
 
     
     
   
 
   
    2018 
   
   
   
 646,630,857    
   
   
 $ 
         2,051    
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,873 
   
   
   
 16,578 
   
   
   
 (112)          
   
   
   
 (6,471 
 )    
   
   
       16,250 
   
   
   
 23.07   
   
   
   
 1,103     
   
 
   
    2017 
   
   
   
 693,804,893    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,790 
   
   
   
 14,957 
   
   
   
 73           
   
   
   
 (5,002 
 )    
   
   
 16,200 
   
   
   
 21.43   
   
   
   
 1,196     
   
 
   
    2016 
   
   
   
 750,479,299    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,756 
   
   
   
 13,290 
   
   
   
 59           
   
   
   
 (3,433 
 )    
   
   
 16,054 
   
   
   
 19.62   
   
   
   
 1,253     
   
 
   
    2015 
   
   
   
 785,080,314    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,666 
   
   
   
 12,224 
   
   
   
 197           
   
   
   
 (2,764 
 )    
   
   
 15,705 
   
   
   
 18.31   
   
   
   
 1,272     
   
 
   
    2014 
   
   
   
 824,046,952    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 1,331 
   
   
   
 2,646 
   
   
   
 11,034 
   
   
   
 429           
   
   
   
 (1,972 
 )    
   
   
 15,519 
   
   
   
 17.22   
   
   
   
 1,322     
   
 
   
    2013 
   
   
   
 855,305,745    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 1,034 
   
   
   
 2,561 
   
   
   
 10,156 
   
   
   
 82           
   
   
   
 (1,295 
 )    
   
   
 14,589 
   
   
   
 15.85   
   
   
   
 1,582     
   
 
   
    2012 
   
   
   
 882,152,057    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 398 
   
   
   
 2,758 
   
   
   
 8,768 
   
   
   
 375           
   
   
   
 (634 
 )    
   
   
 13,716 
   
   
   
 15.10   
   
   
   
 1,854     
   
 
   
    2011 
   
   
   
 919,804,436    
   
   
   
 2,051    
   
   
   
 398 
   
   
   
 2,792 
   
   
   
 7,554 
   
   
   
 470           
   
   
   
 (64 
 )    
   
   
 13,201 
   
   
   
 13.92   
   
   
   
 2,255     
   
 
   
    2010 
   
   
   
 796,272,522    
   
   
   
 1,779    
   
   
   
 3,654 
   
   
   
 1,715 
   
   
   
 6,719 
   
   
   
 314           
   
   
   
 (130 
 )    
   
   
 14,051 
   
   
   
 13.06   
   
   
   
 3,004     
   
 
   
    2009 
   
   
   
 795,068,164    
   
   
   
 1,779    
   
   
   
 3,609 
   
   
   
 1,743 
   
   
   
 6,326 
   
   
   
 241           
   
   
   
 (201 
 )    
   
   
 13,497 
   
   
   
 12.44   
   
   
   
 3,749     
   
 
     
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
     Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits in banks are combined in other short-term
investments in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
 
 (b) 
     Includes federal funds purchased and other short-term investments.  
 
 
 (c) 
     Effective in the fourth quarter of 2018, Fifth Third retrospectively applied a change in its
accounting policy for qualifying LIHTC investments in accordance with ASU  2014-01  for the years ended December 31, 2018 through 2014. Refer to Note 1 for additional information.  

      206  Fifth Third Bancorp
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS  
   
 
  FIFTH THIRD BANCORP DIRECTORS  
 Greg D. Carmichael    Chairman, President &  
 Chief Executive Officer    Fifth Third Bancorp  
 Marsha C. Williams, Lead Director    Retired Chief Financial
Officer    Orbitz Worldwide, Inc.    Nicholas K. Akins
   Chairman, President &    Chief Executive
Officer    American Electric Power Company    B. Evan
Bayh III    Partner    Cozen O’ Connor  
 Jorge L. Benitez    Retired Chief Executive Officer  
 North America of Accenture plc    Katherine B. Blackburn  
 Executive Vice President    Cincinnati Bengals, Inc.
   Emerson L. Brumback    Retired President &
Chief Operating Officer    M&T Bank    Jerry W.
Burris    President and Chief Executive Officer  
 Midwest Can Company    Gary R. Heminger  
 Chief Executive Officer & Chairman    Marathon
Petroleum Corporation    Jewell D. Hoover    Retired Senior
Official    Comptroller of the Currency    Eileen A.
Mallesch    Retired Chief Financial Officer    Nationwide
Property & Casualty Segment, Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company    Michael B. McCallister  
 Retired Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  
 Humana Inc.
 
  FIFTH THIRD BANCORP OFFICERS  
 Greg D. Carmichael    Chairman, President &  
 Chief Executive Officer    Lars C. Anderson  
 Executive Vice President &    Chief Operating Officer
   Frank R. Forrest    Executive Vice President &
   Chief Risk Officer    Mark D. Hazel  
 Senior Vice President &    Controller  
 James C. Leonard    Executive Vice President &  
 Treasurer    Philip R. McHugh  
 Executive Vice President &    Head of Regional Banking,
Wealth and Asset Management, and Business Banking    Jude A. Schramm    
 Executive Vice President &    Chief Information
Officer    Robert P. Shaffer    Executive Vice
President &    Chief Human Resources Officer  
 Timothy N. Spence    Executive Vice President &  
 Head of Consumer Bank, Payments,    and Strategies  
 Teresa J. Tanner    Executive Vice President &  
 Chief Administrative Officer    Tayfun Tuzun  
 Executive Vice President &    Chief Financial Officer
   Susan B. Zaunbrecher    Executive Vice President,
   Chief Legal Officer &    Corporate
Secretary  
  REGIONAL PRESIDENTS  
 Steven Alonso    (Group Regional President)  
 Michael Ash    Kevin Hipskind  
 David A. Call    Michael McKay  
 Timothy Elsbrock    David Girodat  
 Lee Fite    Joseph DiRocco  
 Randy Koporc    Robert W. LaClair  
 Francie Henry    Eric Smith  
 Thomas G. Welch, Jr.    FIFTH THIRD BANCORP BOARD COMMITTEES
   Audit Committee    Emerson L. Brumback, Chair  
 Jerry W. Burris    Jewell D. Hoover  
 Jorge L. Benitez    Eileen A. Mallesch  
 Finance Committee    Gary R. Heminger, Chair  
 Nicholas K. Akins    Emerson L. Brumback  
 Jewell D. Hoover    Michael B. McCallister  
 Marsha C. Williams    Human Capital and Compensation Committee
   Michael B. McCallister, Chair    Nicholas K. Akins  
 Gary R. Heminger    Eileen A. Mallesch  
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee    Nicholas K.
Akins, Chair    B. Evan Bayh III    Jorge L. Benitez  
 Katherine B. Blackburn    Gary R. Heminger  
 Marsha C. Williams    Risk and Compliance Committee  
 Jewell D. Hoover, Chair    B. Evan Bayh III  
 Jorge L. Benitez    Jerry W. Burris  
 Katherine B. Blackburn    

      207  Fifth
Third Bancorp  

 

 
 
 
