
 10-K
 1
 v400231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
      
 
 

   

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

   

 FORM 10-K 

   

 
 
     x 
     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
        THE 
         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 27,
2014 

   

 or 

 
 
     ¨ 
     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
        OF THE 
         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 
   

 For the transition
period from _______ to ______ 

   

 Commission file number
0-31983 

   

 GARMIN LTD. 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

   

   

   

 
 
     Switzerland 
         (State or
        other jurisdiction 
         of incorporation
        or organization) 
     98-0229227 
         (I.R.S. Employer
        Identification No.) 
 
     Mühlentalstrasse
        2 
         8200 Schaffhausen 
         Switzerland
         
         (Address
        of principal executive offices) 
       
         N/A 
         (Zip Code) 
           
 
   

 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code:  +41 52 630 1600 

   

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

   

 
 
     Registered
    Shares, CHF 10.00 Per Share Par Value 
       
     NASDAQ
    Global Select Market 
 
     (Title of each class) 
       
     (Name of each exchange
    on which registered) 
 
   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  None 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES  þ
 NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES  ¨
 NO  þ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES  þ
 NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  þ
 NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter)
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  þ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

 
 
     Large
    Accelerated Filer   þ 
       
     Accelerated
    Filer  ¨ 
 
     Non-accelerated
    Filer  ¨ 
       
     Smaller
    reporting company  ¨ 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES
 ¨    NO
 þ 

   

 Aggregate market value of the common shares
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2014 (based on the closing price of the registrant's common shares on
the Nasdaq Stock Market for that date) was $7,551,199,189. 

   

 Number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s
common shares as of February 13, 2015: 

 Registered Shares, CHF 10.00 par value
– 208,077,418 (including treasury shares) 

 Documents incorporated by reference: 

 Portions of the following document are incorporated herein
by reference into Part III of the Form 10-K as indicated: 

 
 
     Document 
       
     Part of Form 10-K into  
         which Incorporated 
 
     Company's Definitive Proxy Statement
    for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 27, 2014. 
       
     Part III 
 
   


 
       
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. 

   

 2014 Form 10-K Annual Report 

   

 Table of Contents 

   

 
 
       
     Cautionary Statement With Respect To Forward-Looking Comments 
     3 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     Part I 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
     3 
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     18 
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     30 
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties 
     30 
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     31 
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     36 
 
       
     Executive Officers of the Registrant 
     37 
 
       
     Part II 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     38 
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     39 
 
     Item 7. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     41 
 
     Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     58 
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     60 
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     92 
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     92 
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     95 
 
       
       
       
 
     
     Part III 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     96 
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     97 
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     97 
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     98 
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     98 
 
       
       
       
 
     
     Part IV 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     99 
 
       
     Signatures 
     105 
 
   


 
       
       
     

   

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
WITH RESPECT TO FORWARD-LOOKING COMMENTS 

   

 The discussions set
forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain statements concerning potential future events. Such forward-looking statements
are based upon assumptions by the Company's management, as of the date of this Annual Report, including assumptions about risks
and uncertainties faced by the Company. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements orally or in other writings,
including, but not limited to, in press releases, in the annual report to shareholders and in the Company’s other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs
as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. Forward-looking
statements include any discussion of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.” Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their date. If any of management's assumptions
prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, the Company's actual results could materially differ from those anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including,
but not limited to, those factors identified under Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Readers are strongly encouraged to consider
those factors when evaluating any forward-looking statements concerning the Company. The Company does not undertake to update
any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report to reflect future events or developments. 

   

 Part I 

   

 
 Item 1. Business 
 

   

 This discussion of
the business of Garmin Ltd. ("Garmin" or the "Company") should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified
by reference to, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under Item
7 herein and the information set forth in response to Item 101 of Regulation S-K in such Item 7 is incorporated herein by reference
in partial response to this Item 1. Garmin has identified five reportable segments for external reporting purposes: Auto/Mobile,
Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness. There are three operating segments (Auto PND, Auto OEM and Mobile) that are not reported
separately but are aggregated within the Auto/Mobile reportable segment. Each operating segment is individually reviewed and evaluated
by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who allocates resources and assesses performance of each segment individually. The
segment and geographic information included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” under Note 8
is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 1. 

   

 Garmin was incorporated
in Switzerland on February 9, 2010 as successor to Garmin Ltd., a Cayman Islands company (“Garmin Cayman”). Garmin
Cayman was incorporated on July 24, 2000 as a holding company for Garmin Corporation, a Taiwan corporation, in order to facilitate
a public offering of Garmin Cayman shares in the United States. On June 27, 2010, Garmin became the ultimate parent holding company
of the Garmin group of companies pursuant to a share exchange transaction effected for the purpose of changing the place of incorporation
of the ultimate parent holding company of the Garmin group from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland (the “Redomestication”).
Pursuant to the Redomestication, all issued and outstanding Garmin Cayman common shares were transferred to Garmin and each common
share, par value U.S. $0.005 per share, of Garmin Cayman was exchanged for one registered share, par value 10 Swiss francs (CHF)
per share, of Garmin. Garmin owns, directly or indirectly, all of the operating companies in the Garmin group. 

   

 Garmin’s annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statement and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by
Garmin’s directors and executive officers and all amendments to those reports will be made available free of charge through
the Investor Relations section of Garmin’s website (http://www.garmin.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after such
material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC
maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

   


 
     3 
       
     

   

 The reference to Garmin’s
website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on this website, and such information
should not be considered part of this report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Company Overview  

   

 For 25 years, Garmin
Ltd. and subsidiaries (together, the “Company”) has pioneered new Global Positioning System (GPS) navigation and wireless
devices and applications that are designed for people who live an active lifestyle. Garmin serves five primary business units,
including auto/mobile, aviation, fitness, marine, and outdoor recreation. Garmin designs, develops, manufactures, markets and
distributes a diverse family of hand-held, wearable, portable and fixed-mount GPS-enabled products and other navigation, communications,
sensor-based and information products. 

   

 Overview of the Global Positioning System  

   

 The Global Positioning
System is a worldwide navigation system which enables the precise determination of geographic location using established satellite
technology. The system consists of numerous constellations of orbiting satellites. Access to the systems is provided free of charge. 

   

 Garmin utilizes a variety
of global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) including, but not limited to: 

 
 · The
                                         satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations maintained and operated by
                                         the United States Department of Defense, which maintains an ongoing satellite replenishment
                                         program to ensure continuous global system coverage.  

 
 · Japan’s
                                         MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS) which achieved initial operating capability
                                         for en route, terminal and approach navigation for aviation on September 27, 2007. 

 
 · The
                                         European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) aviation Safety of Life (SoL)
                                         service which achieved initial operating capability for en route, terminal, and approach
                                         navigation on March 2, 2011. 

 
 · The
                                         Global Navigation Satellite System (GLONASS), a space-based satellite navigation system
                                         operated by the Russian Federation, consisting of 24 satellites and providing world-wide
                                         coverage. In certain urban canyon or restricted sky visibility situations, the use of
                                         both GPS and GLONASS satellites to produce a navigation fix may result in improved accuracy. 

   

 The accuracy and utility
of GPS can be enhanced through augmentation techniques which compute any remaining errors in the signal and broadcast these corrections
to a GPS device. The Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) has developed a Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS)
comprising ground reference stations and additional satellites that improve the accuracy of GPS positioning available in the United
States and most of Canada and Mexico to approximately 3 meters. WAAS supports the use of GPS as the primary means of enroute,
terminal and approach navigation for aviation in the United States. The increased accuracy offered by WAAS also enhances the utility
of WAAS-enabled GPS receivers for consumer applications. 

   

 Recent Developments in the Company’s
Business 

   

 Since the inception
of its business, Garmin has delivered over 141 million products, which includes the delivery of more than 15 million products
during 2014. 

   

 Automotive/Mobile
Product Introductions 

   

 In January 2014 Garmin
announced the 2014 line of nüvi ®  personal navigation devices. The nüvi2798 LMT combines a 7” display with
a wireless backup camera allowing drivers to easily spot vehicles, pedestrians, and other obstructions as they back up their vehicle.
In addition, the 2014 line of Essential nüvis features a 5-6” display as well as lifetime traffic avoidance. 

   


 
     4 
       
     

   

 In April 2014 Garmin
announced the zūmo ®  590LM, which features a 5” touch screen display that is glove-friendly, fuel-resistant, and
sunlight-readable. The zūmo 590LM includes a MP3 player, advanced navigation features, and infotainment options to keep riders
connected on the road. 

   

 In August 2014 Garmin
announced the fleet™ 660 and 670, the first Android™-based fleet navigators allowing for unique customizations. The
new devices connect to and control a wide range of external devices over Wi-Fi ® , Bluetooth ® , or serial cable. The fleet
660 and 670 are optimized for in-cab use with dust-proof design, high-sensitivity GPS, extra loud speaker, and a sunlight readable,
6” capacitive touch screen while providing the latest navigation technology from Garmin. 

   

 Outdoor Product
Introductions 

   

 In January 2014 Garmin
announced GPSMAP ®  64, which brings a dual GPS and GLONASS receiver with a quad helix antenna for superior reception, preloaded
geocaches and smartphone connectivity for LiveTrack and Smart Notification to a product line already popular with customers. 

   

 Garmin expanded its
line of products for golfers in 2014 with the introduction of the Approach ®  G7 and G8 handhelds and the Approach S6 watch.
The Approach G7 and G8 handhelds include new measurement features such as PlaysLike Distance, which shows adjusted range for uphill
and downhill shots, Club Advice, which remembers how far users hit each club and makes recommendations based on shot distances,
Big Numbers mode which allows for easy viewing, and offers Smart Notification technology allowing users to receive emails, texts,
and call alerts. The Approach S6 watch comes with first-of-its-kind swing metrics and training tools right on a golfer’s
wrist. SwingTempo, TempoTrainer and SwingStrength™ can be used to improve golfers’ swing consistency and synchronization,
and the S6 is the first golf watch to offer full CourseView maps with GreenView, Touch Targeting, and PinPointer™ on a high-res
color touchscreen. The S6 is the slimmest, lightest golf watch while still delivering 20 weeks of battery life in watch mode or
10 hours in GPS mode and is equipped with Smart Notification technology. 

   

 In February 2014,
Garmin announced fēnix™ 2, the first Garmin wearable device to include advanced multi-sport features within the rugged
form factor of an altimeter, barometer, compass (ABC) watch. Whether used for running, climbing, riding, hiking, paddling, skiing,
or swimming the fēnix 2 allows the user to easily switch between feature sets and provides real-time feedback on their progress.
The fēnix 2 provides advanced running dynamics, dedicated training modes, and an altimeter, barometer, and a 3-axis compass,
providing navigation functionalities and guidance off the beaten path. 

   

 In June 2014 Garmin
announced two new GPS-enabled collars, the TT 15 and T 5, for its industry-leading Astro ®  and Alpha ®  dog tracking and
training systems. The new TT 15 dog device allows you to track and train sporting dogs up to nine miles away and is utilizing
both GPS and GLONASS satellite technology. The TT 15 also adds a training option, to match individual dogs’ temperament
and has a battery life of 24 to 48 hours. The T 5 is a tracking-only version with the same GPS and GLONASS compatibility without
the stimulation capability. 

   

 Fitness
Product Introductions 

   

 In 2014 Garmin announced
the vívo family of products with the introduction of the Garmin vívofit™ and vívoki™ expanding
to the vívosmart™. The vívofit fitness band sets a personalized daily goal that automatically adjusts, shows
steps, calories, goal countdown, distance, and time of day. Vívofit has over one year battery life, is water-resistant
(50m), has interchangeable colored bands, and is compatible with ANT+™ heart rate monitors. Vívokí seamlessly
integrates into corporate wellness and provides accountability for participants. The vívoki records steps, distance, calories
and intensity of exercise. Five LED lights indicate the user’s progress toward a personalized daily goal. The vívosmart
adds connectivity to health and wellness goals. Vívosmart features a touchscreen curved band that remains discreet on users’
wrists with a hidden OLED display that comes to life to show incoming notifications. It has a 5 ATM water rating and battery life
of up to seven days. Vívosmart automatically syncs with the Garmin Connect™ Mobile app and provides notifications
of incoming text, email, call, calendar reminders, and has an added vibration alert. 

   


 
     5 
       
     

   

 Garmin expanded its
line of Forerunner ®  running watches in 2014 with the introduction of the Forerunner 920XT and Forerunner 15. The Forerunner
920XT provides a multisport watch with advanced running dynamics including VO2 max estimate, live tracking, and smart notifications
while the Forerunner 15 is an affordable GPS running watch with daily activity tracking and heart rate compatibility. 

   

 Garmin also expanded
its line of Edge ®  cycling computers during 2014 with the introduction Edge 1000 ® , a top of the line cycling computer for
competing, connecting, and navigating. The Edge 1000 includes a large high-resolution color touch screen display, advanced smartphone
connectivity, and automatic sync functionality. In August 2014 Garmin announced the availability of Vector™S, an affordable
option for cyclists to receive the benefits of tracking power in a single-sensing power meter. 

   

 Marine Product
Introductions 

   

 In April 2014 Garmin announced
the GNX™ marine instruments GNX 20 and GNX 21. The GNX 20 and GNX 21 both have 4”, glass-bonded, monochrome displays
that show over 50 marine and vessel parameters including depth, speed, wind, and navigational data. The GNX 20 and GNX 21 allow
the screen layout to be configured to the user’s preferred settings and have optimized power consumption using only 350nW
during the day and 400mW at night. 

   

 In June 2014 Garmin completed
the acquisition of Fusion ®  Electronics bringing with it, the 700 Series, which allows boaters to connect and control their
audio through select marine multifunction displays (MFDs), and select multi-zone audio configuration specific to their vessels. 

   

 In
October 2014 Garmin announced the next generation of open-array digital radars with the GMR™ 424, 624/626 and 1224/1226
xHD2. The xHD2 series is significantly quieter and includes a dedicated Bird Mode allowing boaters to locate flocks of birds and
a corresponding congregation of fish. In addition dual radar support is introduced creating more flexibility to view different
ranges on independent multifunction displays (MFD), chartplotters and combination units. Also in October 2014 Garmin announced
a new line of echoMAP™ combination chartplotters that integrates scanning sonar capabilities without the need of an additional
sounder black box. The new echoMAP is equipped with a built-in, high sensitivity 5Hz GPS antenna, providing updated location and
headings five times per second and has built-in SideVü technology, granting the ability to see what’s located on both
sides of the boat. 

   

 

 Aviation Product
Introductions and Program Certifications 

   

 In January 2014 Garmin introduced  the
GDL 39 3D, a portable ADS-B and GPS receiver which adds simultaneous display of aircraft attitude information (pitch and roll),
alongside rich, interactive mapping, traffic, and weather within the Garmin Pilot™ application.  

   

 In March 2014 Garmin introduced
a comprehensive radar altimeter solution that expands upon Garmin’s high-performance, all-digital GRA 5500 radar altimeter
to include the GRA 55, a best-in-class and cost-effective radar altimeter designed specifically for helicopters and general aviation
aircraft. 

   

 Garmin announced the
VIRB Elite Aviation Bundle and Aviator Action Pack in March 2014, bringing new pilot specific features and a  propeller
filter which reduces propeller distortion created while filming video in-flight. 

   

 In July 2014 Garmin
introduced the Flight Stream 110/210 small wireless gateway that is easily installed in your aircraft, enabling Bluetooth connectivity
between tablets/phones, and Garmin avionics products. The Flight Stream 110 offers GPS, attitude, weather and traffic streaming
from the GDL 88/84 ADS-B datalink and GDL 69 SiriusXM™ datalink, while the Flight Stream 210 adds the capability
for flight plan syncing with the GTN 750/650 series and GNS 430W/530W series navigators as well as the ability
to display attitude information using an on-board AHRS. 

   


 
     6 
       
     

   

 In 2014 Garmin
introduced a  G3X™ Touch,  a touchscreen, flight display system for installation in experimental
amateur-built and light sport aircraft (LSA). The non-certified G3X Touch system offers pilots easy-to-read, easy-to-use, high-resolution
10.6-inch flight displays with split-screen functionality 

   

 Garmin introduced the Angle
of Attack (AOA) system comprised of the GI 260 AOA indicator, GAP 26 angle of attack probe and GSU 25 air data computer, which
combine to display safety-enhancing AOA and audible alerts throughout critical phases of flight.  

   

 Garmin announced a stand-alone ADS-B solution
for the business jet market that significantly reduces the cost and complexity of complying with future FAA mandates.  This
solution is soon to be approved for the Citation V, the Beechjet 400A and the Learjet60.  

   

 Other notable 2014 program certifications:  

   

 
 · Citation
                                         X+ (G5000™) and Cessna CJ3+ (G3000™)  

 
 · EASA
                                         validation for Cessna M2 (G3000), Cessna Sovereign (G5000) and Bombardier Learjet 70/75
                                         (G5000) opening up sales in Europe 

 
 · Gulfstream
                                         G150 certification for transponder equipment with dual link ADS-B solutions 

 
 · Beech
                                         1900 for the G950 Integrated Flight Deck aftermarket upgrade  

 
 · Enstrom
                                         480B (G1000H ® ) 

   

 Products  

   

 Garmin offers a broad range of solutions
across its reportable segments as outlined below. In general,   Garmin believes that its products are known for their value,
high performance, ease of use, innovation, and ergonomics.  

   

 Automotive/Mobile 

   

 Garmin offers a broad range of automotive
navigation products, as well as a variety of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market.  Garmin currently
offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Personal
Navigation Devices (PND) –  

   

 
 PNDs combine a full-featured GPS navigator
                                         (with built-in maps) with Garmin’s uniquely simple user interface.  PNDs are
                                         sold under the nüvi, zūmo, dēzl™, and fleet brand names.  The
                                         zūmo series offers motorcycle-specific features, the dēzl series offers over-the-road
                                         trucking features while the fleet series delivers an integrated tracking and dispatch
                                         fleet system.  Across the expansive product portfolio, Garmin offers features such
                                         as large screens, integrated traffic receivers for traffic avoidance (including
                                         some models with lifetime traffic updates), bundled lifetime map updates, spoken street
                                         names, voice activated navigation, speed limit indication, lane assist with PhotoReal
                                         junction views - thousands of high quality photos of actual upcoming junctions,
                                         3-D building view,  Bluetooth hands-free capability, DashCams, and backup cameras. 
                                         In fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the nüvi class of products represented approximately
                                         27%, 34% and 43% of Garmin’s total consolidated revenues, respectively. 

   

 Infotainment
Solutions –  

   

 In addition to PNDs, Garmin has
many relationships with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) providing infotainment solutions ranging from portable solutions
utilizing an integrated mount within the vehicle to software navigation solutions to fully embedded systems offering a broad range
of functionality. 

   


 
     7 
       
     

   

 Mobile
Applications –  

   

 
 Garmin offers mobile applications under
                                         the following brand names:  Viago™, StreetPilot ®  and NAVIGON ® . 
                                         The applications are offered across a broad range of smartphones and tablets including
                                         iOS, Android and Windows enabled devices.  These applications provide users turn-by-turn,
                                         voice-prompted directions and other advanced Garmin navigation features including Reality
                                         View Pro junction information and traffic information.  Some are offered as onboard
                                         solutions in which mapping is downloaded to the user’s device and always available
                                         while some are offboard solutions in which mapping is available via a server utilizing
                                         the mobile connectivity of the device.   

   

 Outdoor 

   

 Garmin
offers a broad range of products designed for use in outdoor activities .  Garmin currently
offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Outdoor
Handhelds –  

   

 
 Outdoor handhelds range from basic waypoints
                                         navigation capabilities to advanced color touchscreen devices offering barometric altimeter,
                                         3-axis compass, camera, microSD™ card slot for optional customized maps and other
                                         features. Outdoor handhelds are sold under the Dakota ® , Oregon ® , Rino ® , Montana™,
                                         Monterra, eTrex ® , and GPSMAP ®  brand names. Each series of products is designed
                                         to serve various price points and niche activity categories. The Rino series of handhelds
                                         additionally offers two-way Family Radio Service (FRS) and General Mobile Radio Service
                                         (GMRS) that integrate two-way voice communications. The Monterra is Garmin’s first
                                         Wi-Fi enabled, Android-based outdoor handheld GPS. 

   

 Wearable
Devices-  

   

 
 Garmin offers GPS wrist watches for outdoor
                                         activity. The fēnix 2 provides advanced multisport features, comprehensive navigation
                                         and tracking functionalities, as well as trip information, such as heading, elevation
                                         and weather changes. The tactix adds additional features inspired by the requirements
                                         of law enforcement and police special operations. 

   

 Golf
Devices -  

   

 
 The Approach ®  series of golf-focused
                                         devices includes both handhelds and wrist-worn products with up to 30,000 preloaded worldwide
                                         golf courses. The offerings range from basic display of yardages to the front, back and
                                         middle of greens to advanced, touchscreen devices providing measurement of individual
                                         shot distances and display of the exact yardage to fairways, hazards and greens. A statistic-tracking
                                         feature allows users to track and analyze their golf statistics. Some devices include
                                         swing metrics, which gives audible tones to fine-tune swing tempo, manual pin positioning,
                                         which allows users to tap and drag the flag on the green for precise yardage to the flag,
                                         and the ability to display emails, text messages and alerts. 

   

 Dog
Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices -  

   

 
 Garmin offers a series of dog-focused products
                                         providing a range of functionality including GPS-enabled dog tracking, electronic dog
                                         training, and electronic bark correction. The products are offered under the Astro ® ,
                                         Alpha™, Bark Limiter™ and Delta™ brand names. The Astro series can
                                         pinpoint up to ten dogs’ positions at one time through all-weather collars and
                                         a handheld system, which features many of our outdoor capabilities including: barometric
                                         altimeter, electronic compass, microSD slot, area calculator and a waterproof exterior.
                                         Alpha combines the tracking capabilities of Astro with electronic dog training.  
                                         The Bark Limiter is an intuitive electronic bark correction device. The Delta series
                                         of training collars offers a remote training device without tracking capability.  

   


 
     8 
       
     

   

 Action
Cameras -  

   

 
 Garmin offers VIRB™ and VIRB Elite, HD 1080p action cameras. VIRB has a 1.4 inch
                                                                            Chroma display, digital image stabilization and lens distortion correction, and it can take high quality still photographs
                                                                            while the video camera is recording. VIRB Elite incorporates all of these features and adds built-in Wi-Fi, data sensors and
                                                                            a high-sensitivity GPS receiver. 
 

   

 Fitness 

   

 Garmin
offers a broad range of products designed for use in fitness and activity tracking .  Garmin
currently offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Running/Multi-Sport Watches –
 

   

 
 The Forerunner series offers compact, lightweight
                                         training assistants for athletes with integrated GPS sensor that provide time, speed,
                                         distance, pace and other data. Some models also offer a heart rate monitoring function
                                         and heart-rate based calorie computation. All models allow runners to upload their data
                                         to Garmin Connect, where they can store, analyze and share their workout data. Additional
                                         advanced features include: Virtual Racer™, which allows runners to race against
                                         their previous best times, recovery advisor, race predictor and VO2 max estimate. The
                                         Forerunner 310XT, 910XT and 920XT are designed specifically for triathletes. These all-in-one
                                         GPS-enabled devices provide detailed swim metrics and track distance, speed/pace, elevation
                                         and heart rate for running and cycling. 

   

 Cycling
Computers - 	 

   

 
 The Edge series measures speed, distance,
                                         time, calories burned, climb and descent, and altitude offering an integrated personal
                                         training system designed for cyclists. In addition, Garmin offers devices geared toward
                                         performance-driven cyclists offering real-time connectivity through a smartphone, providing
                                         live tracking, social media sharing and real-time weather updates. 

   

 Cycling
Power Meter - 

   

 
 Garmin offers Vector, which is a high-precision
                                         pedal-based power meter designed specifically for cyclists. It provides power data and
                                         measures and presents right and left leg power balance to ANT+™ compatible devices. 

   

 Activity
Tracking Devices -  

   

 
 Garmin has introduced vívofit, vívoki,
                                         and vívosmart to address the growing activity tracking market. The vívofit
                                          fitness band provides a personalized daily goal, tracks
                                         progress and reminds users when it’s time to move. The device features a curved
                                         display that shows steps, goal countdown, calories, distance, time of day and heart rate
                                         when paired with a monitor. Vívoki provides similar tracking capabilities in a
                                         small form factor that lacks a display. This offering is designed to be a lower cost
                                         solution for corporate wellness programs. The  vívosmart band provides the
                                         same functions as the vívofit but also provides smart notifications and a vibration
                                         alert. 

   


 
     9 
       
     

   

 Swimming
Watch -  

   

 
 Garmin Swim™ is a watch designed for
                                         swimming pool use and allows users to track stroke type, stroke count, distance, pace
                                         and lengths. Users can also upload their swim data to Garmin Connect, where they can
                                         store, analyze and share the data. 

   

 Garmin
Connect – 

   

 
 Garmin Connect is a web-based analytic tool where users can store, analyze
                                         and share fitness and wellness data. The companion mobile application also provides real-time
                                         weather data and allows users to wirelessly download courses to some devices. 

   

 Marine
 

   

 Garmin offers a broad
range of products designed for use in the recreational marine industry. Garmin currently offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Chartplotters
and Multi-Function Displays (MFDs) - 

   

 
 Garmin offers
                                         numerous chartplotters/MFDs under the GPSMAP ®  brand name. The offerings range from
                                         4-inch helm-mounted products to 19-inch fully-integrated Glass Helm offerings. Cartography
                                         options range from US coastal and lake mapping to worldwide basemaps to highly detailed
                                         BlueChart ®  g2 Vision™ charts offering high-resolution satellite imagery, 3-D
                                         map perspective and aerial reference photos to  LakeVü
                                         HD and LakeVü HD Ultra, Garmin’s most detailed lake cartography ever created.
                                         Additional advanced features and connectivity available include: 
                                         Garmin’s G Motion technology, which delivers ultra-smooth map panning and zooming,
                                          optional wireless remote and a wireless mouse and expanded “plug-and-play”
                                         access to onboard sensors, with NMEA 2000 and Garmin Marine Network connectivity (the
                                         Garmin Marine Network is a system that combines GPS, radar, XM WX Satellite Weather,
                                         sonar, and other data).  

   

 Fishfinders
–  

   

 
 Garmin offers
                                         two series of fishfinders. The echo™ series are standalone fishfinders ranging
                                         from  grayscale displays to the highest-end echo 550C, which features a video-quality
                                         640x480 pixel 5-inch VGA screen, a powerful 500-watt sonar transmitter, and offers fish
                                         arch display and bottom tracking as deep as 1,900 feet. The echoMap series provides charplotter
                                         and fishfinder capabilities in a single device. 

   

 Sounders
–  

   

 
 Garmin offers “black-box” sounders
                                         which interface with Garmin MFDs to enhance their utility by providing the depth sounder
                                         and fish finder functions in a remote mounted package. 

   

 Autopilot Systems - 

   

 
 

 
 Garmin offers full-featured marine autopilot
                                         systems designed for sailboats and powerboats. The systems incorporate such features
                                         as: Garmin’s patented Shadow Drive™ technology, which automatically disengages
                                         the autopilot if the helm is turned, remote steering and speed control, and integration
                                         with the Volvo Penta IPS steering and propulsion system. Garmin has also introduced steer-by-wire
                                         autopilot capabilities for various steering systems. 

   


 
     10 
       
     

   

 Radar
- 

   

 
 Garmin offers
                                         both radomes and open array radar products with compatibility to any network-compatible
                                         Garmin chartplotter so that the chartplotter can double as the radar screen. The Garmin
                                         radar solutions have a nautical mile range of 36-72 nm. 
                                          

   

 Instruments
-  

   

 
 Garmin offers NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compliant
                                         instrument displays that show data from multiple remote sensors on one screen. Mariners
                                         can display instrument data such as depth, speed through the water, water temperature,
                                         fuel flow rate, engine data, fuel level, wind direction and more, depending upon what
                                         sensors are connected. 

   

 VHF
Communication Tranceivers - 

   

 
 Garmin provides marine radios with differing
                                         feature sets for the radio needs of all types of mariners. The  entry-level
                                         radio is NMEA 0183 compatible, while the premium radio is designed for 35+ foot boats,
                                         is NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compatible, offers multi-station support, and monitors all
                                         AIS channels at the same time.  

   

 Handhelds
and Wrist-worn Devices –  

   

 
 Garmin offers a m arine-friendly
                                         GPS handheld featuring a 3-axis tilt-compensated electronic compass, wireless data transfer
                                         between compatible units and preloaded cartography for the coastal United States. Also
                                         offered for mariners is the quatix™, Garmin’s first GPS watch designed for
                                         mariners, combining marine features and navigation and sailing capabilities while integrating
                                         Garmin’s GPS technology and interface.  

   

 Sailing
 – 

   

 
 In September 2012, Garmin
                                         acquired Nexus Marine AB, a leading supplier of instrumentation for the sailing and yachting
                                         market. 	Nexus designs and manufactures sailing instrumentation systems, and it also
                                         supplies binoculars, accessories and Silva branded marine compasses. 
 

   

 Entertainment
–  

   

 In
June 2014, Garmin acquired Fusion Electronics, a leading supplier of integrated marine audio equipment. Fusion designs integrated
audio products and accessories designed for the challenging marine environment allowing boaters to connect and control their audio
through select MFDs. 

   

 
 Aviation 

   

 Garmin’s aviation
product line includes GPS-enabled navigation, VHF communications transmitters/receivers, multi-function displays, electronic flight
instrumentation systems (EFIS), automatic flight control systems, traffic advisory systems and traffic collision avoidance systems,
terrain awareness and warning systems, instrument landing system (ILS) receivers, surveillance products, audio panels, cockpit
datalink systems and more. The list below includes a sampling of some of the aviation capabilities currently offered by Garmin: 

   


 
     11 
       
     

   

 Integrated
Avionics Systems/Flight Decks -  

   

 
 Garmin offers a range of integrated glass
                                         avionics from the G3X for the experimental and light-sport aircraft market to the G5000
                                         for the business jet market. Basic capabilities integrated include: navigation, communication,
                                         attitude, weather, terrain, traffic, surveillance and engine information on large high-resolution
                                         color displays. More advanced features include: Garmin’s 3-D synthetic vision technology
                                         (SVT™), weather, Garmin’s electronic stability and protection system (ESP),
                                         electronic flight charts and touchscreen controls, which utilize patent pending infrared
                                         touchscreen technology, audio and visual feedback, and animation to help pilots know
                                         exactly how the system is responding to their input. 

   

 
 Garmin offers similar integrated glass avionics
                                         for the helicopter market through the G500H, G1000H and G5000H ® . Basic and advanced
                                         capabilities are similar to those offered to the aircraft market. The helicopter offerings
                                         have been optimized for rotorcraft and offer features like helicopter synthetic vision
                                         technology (HSVT™), helicopter-specific databases with over 7,000 heliports and
                                         nearly 30,000 additional low-altitude obstacles, XM WX Satellite Weather with NEXRAD,
                                         and the ability to display video from a forward looking infrared (FLIR) camera or other
                                         video sources. 

   

 
 Garmin also offers all-glass integrated
                                         avionics to the retrofit market through the G500 and G600. These solutions provide electronic
                                         flight displays that work with separate Garmin avionics to provide essential information
                                         such as attitude, air data, weather, terrain and traffic. In addition, upgraded systems
                                         also allow for the display and control of such data as altitude preselects and vertical
                                         speed, DME distance, analog radar altitude, and analog navigation data. 

   

 Panel-mount
aviation products - 

   

 GPS/Navigation/Communication Solutions
–  

   

 
 Garmin provides certified GPS navigation
                                         receivers, traditional VHF navigation receivers, instrument landing systems receivers
                                         and VHF communication transmitters/receivers. Features available in different GNC, GTR,
                                         GNS and GTN series models include 4-color map graphics, GPS, communication and navigation
                                         capabilities, touchscreen operation, graphical flight planning with vector airways and
                                         high-altitude jet routes, remote transponder, remote audio control, SafeTaxi ®  and
                                         electronic chart capabilities. Helicopter Terrain Awareness and Warning System (HTAWS)
                                         is an option providing graphical and audible alerts of potential terrain and obstacle
                                         conflicts along the flight path. 

   

 
 Traffic Solutions - 

 
 

   

 
 Garmin offers traffic avoidance products
                                         combining active and passive surveillance data to pinpoint specific  traffic
                                         threats. These capabilities are part of our GTS™ series of systems. The systems
                                         use Garmin’s patent-pending CLEAR CAS™ technology and correlate automatic
                                         dependent surveillance broadcast (ADS-B) with radar targets. 
                                          The offerings include solutions for both the recreational and transport category
                                         of aircraft.  

   

 
 Audio Solutions -  

   

 
 The GMA series are audio panels ranging
                                         from offerings with basic capabilities for the recreational pilot to advanced capabilities
                                         including  voice recognition, 3D spatial audio processing,
                                         advanced auto squelch, ambient noise based volume adjustment  and independent pilot/co-pilot
                                         communications capabilities. 

   


 
     12 
       
     

   

 
 Transponder Solutions -  

   

 
 Garmin provides a range of transponder solutions
                                         in the GTX™ series. The FAA-certified transponders transmit altitude or flight
                                         identification to air traffic control radar systems or other aircraft’s air traffic
                                         avoidance devices. Newer transponders offer data link capability, including local air
                                         traffic information at FAA radar sites equipped with Traffic Information Service (TIS)
                                         and a pathway to ADS-B compliance for the Next Generation airspace system, via transmission
                                         of traffic surveillance data such as aircraft flight ID, position, altitude, velocity,
                                         climb/descent, and heading information. Garmin offers solutions to both recreational
                                         and transport aircraft. 

   

 
 ADS-B Solutions -  

   

 
 Garmin offers an FAA certified ADS-B product
                                         within the GDL ®  series. Capabilities include GPS satellite navigation with datalink
                                         communications to deliver interactive traffic and hazard surveillance. 

   

 
 Weather Solutions -  

   

 
 Weather capabilities are delivered within
                                         our GDL, GSR and GWX™ series. The solutions range from offering XM WX satellite
                                         real-time weather information to the aircraft via panel-mounted devices from Garmin to
                                         on-demand global weather information, text/voice communications and near real-time position
                                         tracking through the Iridium satellite network (subscription required). Also available
                                         in the GWX series are all-in-one antenna/receiver/transmitters that bring real-time weather
                                         to Garmin’s multi-function displays and Integrated Avionics Systems, as well as
                                         advanced Doppler-enabled features. 

   

 Portable
and Wearable Solutions -  

   

 
 Garmin offers the aera ®  series and GPSMAP
                                         695/696 as portable avionics solutions. The aera series combines an aviation portable
                                         with a full-featured automotive GPS. These touchscreen products come with automotive
                                         maps, a terrain/obstacles aviation database, and a patented instrument display. Advanced
                                         features include: a digital document viewer, a scratch pad, pre-loaded geo-referenced
                                         charts, and XM radio and weather. The GPSMAP series offers detailed electronic charts,
                                         airways and IFR map mode. Other features available include: XM radio and XM WX Satellite
                                         Weather. Garmin announced D2™ in October 2013, which is a premium watch designed
                                         specifically for aviators. 

   

 Mobile
Application -  

   

 
 Garmin Pilot™ is a premium flight
                                         planning, flight plan filing, and pre-flight weather application for display on iOS and
                                         Android-based mobile devices. It provides instant access to comprehensive U.S. and Canada
                                         weather data, winds and temperature aloft, and lightning data. 

   

 Sales and Marketing  

   

 Garmin’s non-aviation
products are sold in approximately 100 countries through a worldwide network of approximately 4,000 independent dealers and distributors,
who meet our sales and customer service qualifications. No single customer’s purchases represented 10% or more of Garmin’s
consolidated revenues in the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014. Marketing support is provided geographically from Garmin’s
offices around the world. Garmin’s distribution strategy is intended to increase Garmin’s global penetration and presence
while maintaining high quality standards to ensure end-user satisfaction. 

   


 
     13 
       
     

   

 Garmin’s U.S.
consumer product sales are handled through its network of dealers and distributors who are serviced by a staff of regional sales
managers and in-house sales associates. Garmin’s Europe, Middle East, Australia/New Zealand and Africa consumer product
sales are handled through our in-country subsidiaries or local distributors who resell to dealers. Working closely with Garmin’s
in-house sales and marketing staff in the U.K. and U.S., these in-country subsidiaries or independent distributors are responsible
for inventory levels and staff training requirements at each retail location. Garmin’s Taiwan-based marketing team handles
the Company’s Asia sales and marketing effort. Some of Garmin’s larger consumer products dealers and distributors
include: 

   

 
 · Amazon.com —internet
                                         retailer; 

 
 · Best
                                         Buy —one of the largest U.S. and Canadian electronics retailers; 

 
 · Costco— an
                                         international chain of membership warehouses that carry quality, brand name merchandise; 

 
 · Halford’s— a
                                         large European retailer specializing in car parts and accessories; and 

 
 · Wal-Mart— the
                                         world’s largest mass retailer 

   

 Garmin’s retrofit avionics and aviation
portable products are sold through select aviation dealers around the world and, in the case of aviation portable products, also
through catalogs and pilot shops. Garmin’s largest aviation dealers include Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co., Elliott
Aviation, Gulf Coast Avionics Corp., Sarasota Avionics, and Sportsman’s Market. Avionics dealers have the training, equipment
and certified staff required for at-airport installation of Garmin’s avionics equipment. 

   

 In addition to the
traditional distribution channels mentioned, Garmin has many relationships with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). In the
automotive/mobile segment, Garmin’s products are sold globally to automotive and motorcycle OEMs, either directly or through
tier 2 sourcing. Some of Garmin’s larger OEM relationships include Chrysler, Suzuki, Volkswagen, Harley-Davidson, BMW Motorrad,
Mercedes Benz, Bombardier, and Polaris. In the marine segment, Garmin’s products are standard equipment on various models
of boats. Some of the larger OEM relationships include Ranger Tugs, Cutwater Boats (a Division of Fluid Motion, LLC), Bayliner
Boats (a division of Brunswick Corporation), Bavaria Yacht, Chaparral Boats, Inc., Andros Boats, Inc., Edgewater Boats, LLC, Bennington
Marine, LLC, Cigarette Racing Team, LLC, Cobalt Boats, LLC, G3 Boats (a division of Yamaha Motor Corp.), Gulf Craft, Inc., Fairline
Boats, Ltd., Inha Works Ltd. and Regal Marine Industries, Inc. In the aviation market, Garmin’s avionics are either standard
equipment or options on various models of aircraft. Some of the larger OEM relationships include AgustaWestland, Bombardier, Bell
Helicopter-A Textron Company, Cessna Aircraft Company, Cirrus Aircraft, Embraer SA, Eurocopter, an EADS Company, Beechcraft Corporation,
Pilatus Aircraft Ltd,   Piper Aircraft, Inc., Quest Aircraft Company, and Robinson Helicopter
Company.   

   

 Competition  

   

 In general, we operate
in highly competitive markets though competitive conditions do vary among our diverse products and geographies.  Garmin believes
the principal competitive factors impacting the market for its products are design, functionality, quality and reliability, customer
service, brand, price, time-to-market and availability.  Garmin believes that it generally competes favorably in each of
these areas and as such, is generally a significant competitor in each of our major markets. 

   

 Garmin believes that
its principal competitors for portable automotive products are TomTom N.V. and MiTAC Digital Corporation (MiTAC) (which distributes
products under the brand names of Magellan, Mio, and Navman). Garmin believes that its principal competitors for infotainment
solutions are Harman International Industries, Panasonic Corporation, and the Mitsubishi Group. Garmin believes that its principal
competitors for outdoor product lines are Bushnell, Delorme, Lowrance Electronics, Inc., a subsidiary of Navico (“Lowrance”)
Magellan, a subsidiary of MiTAC , SportDOG Brand and Suunto Oy. For mobile products Garmin believes that its principal competitors
are Google Inc., Apple Inc. and Telenav Inc. Garmin believes that its principal competitors for fitness products are Bryton Corp.,
Fitbit Inc., AliphCom dba Jawbone, Polar Electro Oy, Sigma Sports, Suunto Oy and Timex Corp. For marine products, Garmin believes
that its principal competitors are Furuno Electronic Company, the Humminbird division of Johnson Outdoors, Inc., Navico and Flir
Systems, Inc. For Garmin’s aviation product lines, Garmin considers its principal competitors to be Aspen Avionics, Avidyne
Corporation, Chelton Flight Systems, CMC Electronics, Free Flight Systems, Honeywell, Inc., L-3 Avionics Systems, Rockwell Collins,
Inc., Sagem Avionics, Inc. and Universal Avionics Systems Corporation. 

   


 
     14 
       
     

   

 Research and Development 

   

 Garmin’s product
innovations are driven by its strong emphasis on research and development and the close partnership between Garmin’s engineering
and manufacturing teams. Garmin’s products are created by its engineering and development staff, which numbered 3,386 people
worldwide as of December 27, 2014. Garmin’s manufacturing staff includes manufacturing process engineers who work closely
with Garmin’s design engineers to ensure manufacturability and manufacturing cost control for its products. Garmin’s
development staff includes industrial designers, as well as software engineers, electrical engineers, mechanical engineers and
cartographic engineers. Garmin believes the industrial design of its products has played an important role in Garmin’s success.
Once a development project is initiated and approved, a multi-disciplinary team is created to design the product and transition
it into manufacturing. 

   

 Below is a table of Garmin’s expenditures
on research and development over the last three fiscal years.   

   

 

 
 
     ($'s in thousands)   
     December 27,  2014     
     December 28,  2013     
     December 29,  2012   
 
     Research and development   
     $ 395,121     
     $ 364,923     
     $ 325,773   
 
     Percent of net sales   
       13.8 %   
       13.9 %   
       12.0 % 
 



   

 Manufacturing and Operations  

   

 Garmin believes one
of its core competencies and strengths is its vertically integrated manufacturing capabilities at its Taiwan facilities in Xizhi,
Jhongli and LinKou, and at its U.S. facilities in Olathe, Kansas and Salem, Oregon. Garmin believes that its ownership and operation
of its own manufacturing facilities and distribution networks provides significant capability and flexibility to address the breadth
and depth of resources necessary to serve its diverse products and markets. 

   

 Specifically, Garmin
believes that its vertical integration of it manufacturing capabilities provides advantages to product cost, quality and time
to market. 

   

 Cost:  Garmin’s
manufacturing resources rapidly and iteratively prototype designs, concepts, products and processes, achieving higher efficiency,
resulting in lower cost. Garmin’s vertical integration approach enables leveraging our manufacturing resources across high,
mid and low volume products. Sharing of these resources across our product lines favorably affects Garmin’s costs to produce
its range of products, with lower volume products realizing the economies of scale of the high volume products. The ownership
and integration of our resources allows Garmin to optimize the design for manufacturing of our products, yielding improved cost. 

   

 Quality:  Garmin’s
automation and sophisticated production processes provide in-service robustness and consistent reliability standards that enables
Garmin to maintain strict process and quality control of the products manufactured, thereby improving the overall quality of our
products. Additionally, the immediate feedback throughout the manufacturing processes is provided to the development teams providing
integrated continuous improvement throughout design and supply chain. 

   

 Time to Market:
 Garmin uses multi-disciplinary teams of design engineers, process engineers, and supply chain specialists to develop products,
allowing them to quickly move from concept to manufacturing. This integrated ownership provides inherent flexibility to enable
faster time to market. 

   

 Garmin’s design,
manufacturing, distribution, and servicing processes in its US, Taiwan, and UK facilities are certified to ISO 9001, an international
quality standard developed by the International Organization for Standardization. Garmin’s automotive operations in Taiwan
and Olathe have achieved TS 16949 certification, a quality standard for automotive suppliers. Garmin’s Olathe and Salem
aviation operations have achieved certification to AS9100, the quality standard for the aviation industry. 

   


 
     15 
       
     

   

 Garmin International,
Inc., Garmin (Europe) Ltd and Garmin Corporation have also achieved certification of their environmental management systems to
the ISO 14001 standard, recognizing Garmin’s systems and processes which minimize or prevent harmful effects on the environment
and to strive continually to improve its environmental performance. 

   

 Materials 

   

 Although most components
essential to Garmin’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain key components are currently obtained
by the Company from single or limited sources, which subjects Garmin to supply and pricing risks. Many of these and other key
components that are available from multiple sources, including, but not limited to, NAND flash memory, dynamic random access memory
(DRAM), GPS chipsets and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and commodity pricing fluctuations. 

   

 Garmin and other participants
in the personal computer, tablet, mobile communication, aviation electronics and consumer electronics industries also compete
for various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. In addition, Garmin uses
some custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal computer, tablet, mobile communication and consumer electronics
industries, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source until Garmin
has evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers. When a component or product uses
new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity
has increased. Garmin makes efforts to manage risks in these areas through the use of supply agreements for strategically important
components. Nevertheless, if Garmin’s supply of a key single-sourced component for a new or existing product was delayed
or constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed
shipments of completed products to Garmin, Garmin’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. Garmin’s business and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required to
obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source.
Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decided to concentrate
on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet Garmin’s requirements. 

   

 Seasonality 

   

 Our sales are subject
to seasonal fluctuation. Sales of our consumer products are generally higher in the fourth quarter, due to increased demand during
the holiday buying season, and, to a lesser extent, the second quarter, due to increased demand during the spring and summer season
and the Mother’s Day/Father’s Day/graduation buying season. Sales of consumer products are also influenced by the
timing of the release of new products. Our aviation products do not experience much seasonal variation, but are more influenced
by the timing of the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest. 

   

 Backlog 

   

 Our sales are generally
of a consumer nature and there is a relatively short cycle between order and shipment. Therefore, we believe that backlog information
is not material to the understanding of our business. We typically ship most orders within 72 hours of receipt. 

   

 Intellectual Property  

   

 Our success and ability
to compete is dependent in part on our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade
secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. In addition, Garmin often
relies on licenses of intellectual property for use in its business.  For example, Garmin obtains licenses for digital cartography
technology for use in our products from various sources. 

   


 
     16 
       
     

   

 As of January 19, 2015,
Garmin’s worldwide IP portfolio includes over 880 patent and 610 trademark registrations issued worldwide.  For the
past seven years Garmin has been selected as a constituent of the Ocean Tomo ®  300 Patent Index which recognizes companies
with high intellectual property value. We believe that our continued success depends on the intellectual skills of our employees
and their ability to continue to innovate.  Garmin will continue to file and prosecute patent applications when appropriate
to attempt to protect Garmin’s rights in its proprietary technologies.  

   

 There is no assurance
that our current patents, or patents which we may later acquire, may successfully withstand any challenge, in whole or in part.
It is also possible that any patent issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or that the patents of others
will preclude us from manufacturing and marketing certain products. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Litigation
may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. 

   

 Regulations  

   

 The telecommunications
industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory environment in which Garmin operates is subject to change. In accordance with
the United States’ Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules and regulations, wireless transceiver products are required
to be certified by the FCC and comparable authorities in foreign countries where they are sold. Garmin’s products sold in
Europe are required to comply with relevant directives of the European Commission. A delay in receiving required certifications
for new products, or enhancements to Garmin’s products, or losing certification for Garmin’s existing products could
adversely affect our business. In addition, aviation products that are intended for installation in “type certificated aircraft”
are required to be certified by the FAA, its European counterpart, the European Aviation Safety Agency, and other comparable organizations
before they can be used in an aircraft. 

   

 Because Garmin Corporation,
one of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, is located in Taiwan, foreign exchange control laws and regulations of Taiwan
with respect to remittances into and out of Taiwan may have an impact on Garmin’s operations. The Taiwan Foreign Exchange
Control Statute, and regulations thereunder, provides that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated
to handle such business by the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan and by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), also referred
to as the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions. Consequently, foreign currency earned from
exports of merchandise and services may now be retained and used freely by exporters, while all foreign currency needed for the
import of merchandise and services may be purchased freely from the designated foreign exchange banks. Aside from trade-related
foreign exchange transactions, Taiwan companies and residents may, without foreign exchange approval, remit outside and into Taiwan
foreign currencies of up to $50 million and $5 million respectively, or their equivalent, each calendar year. Currency conversions
within the limits are processed by the designated banks and do not have to be reviewed and approved by the CBC. The above limits
apply to remittances involving a conversion between New Taiwan Dollars and U.S. Dollars or other foreign currencies. The CBC typically
approves foreign exchange in excess of the limits if a party applies with the CBC for review and presents legitimate business
reasons justifying the currency conversion. A requirement is also imposed on all enterprises to register all medium and long-term
foreign debt with the CBC. 

   

 Environmental Matters  

   

 Garmin’s operations
are subject to various environmental laws, including laws addressing air and water pollution and management of hazardous substances
and wastes.  Substantial noncompliance with applicable environmental laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Capital expenditures for environmental controls are included in our normal capital budget. 

   


 
     17 
       
     

   

 Environmental regulation
of Garmin’s products is increasing.  Many of Garmin's products are subject to laws relating to the chemical and
material composition of our products and their energy efficiency.  Garmin is also subject to laws requiring manufacturers
to be financially responsible for collection, recovery and recycling of wastes from certain electronic products. Compliance
with current environmental laws does not have a material impact on our business, but the impact of future enactment of environmental
laws cannot yet be fully determined and could be substantial. 

   

 Garmin has implemented
multiple Environmental Management System (EMS) policies in accordance with the International Organization for Standardization
(ISO) 14001 standard for Environmental Health and Safety Management.  Garmin’s EMS policies set forth practices, standards,
and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations at Garmin’s Kansas headquarters facility,
Garmin’s European headquarters facility, and Garmin’s Taiwan manufacturing facility. 

   

 Regulatory and “Green
Procurement” demands from our customers are also increasing; particularly in the areas of restricted substance use and environmentally-friendly
design and manufacture initiatives.  The overall impacts of these customer requirements cannot yet be established. 
Garmin is committed to improving our products and processes to meet our customer needs. 

   

 Employees  

   

 As of December 27,
2014, Garmin had 11,185 full and part-time employees worldwide, of whom 4,177 were in the United States, 80 were in Canada, 5,276
were in Taiwan, 1,168 were in Europe, and 484 were in other global locations. Except for some of Garmin’s employees in Brazil
and Sweden, none of Garmin’s employees are represented by a labor union and none of Garmin's North American or Taiwan
employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Garmin considers its employee relations to be good. 

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors  

   

 The risks described below are not the
only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be
immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or
operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

   

 Risks Related to the Company 

   

 If we are not successful in the continued
development, introduction or timely manufacture of new products, demand for our products could decrease.  

   

 We expect that a significant
portion of our future revenue will continue to be derived from sales of newly introduced products. The market for our products
is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changes in customer needs. If we fail to introduce
new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards or customer
needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make significant investments in research
and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such
products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed,
will achieve significant customer acceptance. 

   


 
     18 
       
     

   

 If we are unable to
successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our future results of operations
would be adversely affected. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license
new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or
may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products
to new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict,
and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability
of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related
to new products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory
approval, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 If we are unable to compete effectively
with existing or new competitors, our resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer
orders, reduced margins and loss of market share.  

   

 The markets for many
of our products are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new
or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development,
promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Increased competition could result in
price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against
current or future competitors could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 The demand for personal navigation
devices (PNDs) has been and continues to be reduced by replacement technologies becoming available on mobile devices and factory-installed
systems in new autos, as well as by market saturation.  

   

 GPS/navigation technologies
have been incorporated into competing devices such as mobile handsets, tablets, and new automobiles through factory-installed
systems. Many companies are now offering navigation software for these mobile devices. The acceptance of this technology by consumers
has reduced sales in this segment and has reduced margins in some periods. Navigation systems are also becoming more prevalent
as standard and/or optional equipment on new automobiles. Increased navigation penetration on mobile handsets and in new automobiles
is expected to cause further declines in sales of our portable navigation devices and could further reduce margins. 

   

 Our financial results are dependent
on the automotive/mobile segment, which represents approximately 43% of our revenues, and is expected to decline in 2015.  

   

 We experienced substantial
growth through 2008 in the automotive/mobile segment of our business as the products became mass-market consumer electronics in
both Europe and North America. This market is declining as competing technologies emerged and market saturation occurred. This
has resulted in, and could continue to result in, periods of lower revenues for this segment and lower earnings per share. 

   

 Economic conditions and uncertainty
could adversely affect our revenue and margins. 

   

 Our revenue and margins
depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness
or constrained consumer and business spending has resulted in periods of decreased revenue and in the future, could result in
decreased revenue and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial
difficulties experienced by our retailers and OEM customers have resulted, and could result in the future, in significant bad
debt write-offs and additions to reserves in our receivables and could have an adverse affect on our results of operations. 

   


 
     19 
       
     

   



 
   

 If we do not correctly anticipate demand
for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have
costly excess production or inventories.  

   

 We have generally been
able to increase or decrease production to meet fluctuations in demand. However, the demand for our products depends on many factors
and may be difficult to forecast. We expect that it will become more difficult to forecast demand as we introduce and support a
diverse product portfolio, as competition in the market for our products intensifies and as the markets for some of our products
mature. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand could cause the following problems in our operations: 

   

 
 · If demand increases beyond what we forecast,
we would have to rapidly increase production. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those
suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet unexpected demand.  

   

 
 · Rapid increases in production levels to
meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components and other expenses. These higher
costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may
also lower our margins and reduce customer satisfaction. 

   

 
 · If forecasted demand does not develop,
we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some
or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing
efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower margins. 

   

 We depend on our suppliers, some of
which are the sole source for specific components, and our production would be seriously harmed if these suppliers are not able
to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise.  

   

 We are dependent on
third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party
suppliers include semiconductors and electroluminescent panels, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors.
The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components
we use are from sole source suppliers. Certain application-specific integrated circuits incorporating our proprietary designs are
manufactured for us by sole source suppliers. Alternative sources may not be currently available for these sole source components. 

   

 In the past we have
experienced shortages of certain components. In addition, if there are shortages in supply of components, the costs of such components
may rise. If suppliers are unable to meet our demand for components on a timely basis and if we are unable to obtain an alternative
source or if the price of the alternative source is prohibitive, or if the costs of components rise, our ability to maintain timely
and cost-effective production of our products would be seriously harmed. 

   

 Gross margins for our products may fluctuate
or erode.  

   

 Gross margins in some
of our segments have declined in recent years and could further decline in the future due to competitive price reductions that
are not fully offset by material cost reductions. In addition, our overall gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due
to a number of factors, including product mix, competition and unit volumes. In particular, the average selling prices of a specific
product tend to decrease over that product’s life. To offset such decreases, we intend to rely primarily on component cost
reduction, obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacturing of existing products and on introducing
new products that incorporate advanced features and therefore can be sold at higher average selling prices. However, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such yield improvements or cost reductions or introduce any such new products
in the future. To the extent that such cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or our products
do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

   


 
     20 
       
     

   

 Our quarterly financial statements will
reflect fluctuations in foreign currency translation. 

   

 The operation of
Garmin’s subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have
experienced significant foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar. The
potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of
operations. The company has not historically hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks.  

   

 The currencies that
create a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. The Taiwan
Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation. The U.S. Dollar remains the functional currency of Garmin Europe. The
Euro is the functional currency of most European subsidiaries. As these entities have grown, currency moves can generate material
gains and losses. Additionally, Euro-based inter-company transactions in Garmin Ltd. can also generate currency gains and losses.
Other legal entities primarily use the local currency as the functional currency. Due to the relative size of entities using a
functional currency other than the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations within these
entities are not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 The Company translates
all assets and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year. U.S. GAAP
requires the Company at the end of each accounting period to translate into functional currency all U.S. Dollar denominated assets
and liabilities. This U.S. GAAP-mandated translation will cause us to recognize gain or loss on our financial statements as the
U.S. Dollar strengthens or weakens against the various functional currencies. Such gain or loss will create variations in our earnings
per share. Because there is minimal cash impact caused by such exchange rate variations, management will continue to focus on the
Company’s operating performance before the impact of the foreign currency translation. 

   

 Changes in our United States federal income tax classification
or in applicable tax laws could result in adverse tax consequences to our shareholders.  

   

 Legislative proposals
have been considered in the United States within the past few years that could increase the United States tax burden of corporations
with international operations and could broaden the circumstances under which foreign corporations could be considered resident
in the United States.  Legislative proposals are being considered in Switzerland that could make significant changes in the
corporate tax regime and increase the taxes applicable to us in Switzerland.  Our tax position could be adversely impacted
by changes in Swiss, United States or foreign tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof
by any tax authority. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. 

   

 We do not believe that
we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a ‘‘passive foreign investment company’’
for United States federal income tax purposes.  We do not expect to become a passive foreign investment company.  However,
because the passive foreign investment company determination is made annually based on whether the company’s income or assets
meet certain thresholds as determined under United States federal tax principles which are based on facts and circumstances that
may be beyond our control, we cannot assure that we will not become a passive foreign investment company in the future.  If
we are a passive foreign investment company in any year, then any of our shareholders that is a United States person could be liable
to pay tax on their pro rata share of our income plus an interest charge upon some distributions by us or when that shareholder
sells our common shares at a gain.  Further, if we are classified as a passive foreign investment company in any year in which
a United States person is a shareholder, we generally will continue to be treated as a passive foreign investment company with
respect to such shareholder in all succeeding years, regardless of whether we continue to satisfy the income or asset tests mentioned
above. 

   


 
     21 
       
     

   

 We do not believe that
we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) for United
States federal income tax purposes. We do not expect to become a CFC. The CFC determination is made daily based on whether the
United States shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company. Only United States persons
that own ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders. If the Company
were to be classified as a CFC for an uninterrupted thirty day period in any year, the Company’s shareholders that qualify
as United States shareholders could be liable to pay US income tax at ordinary income tax rates on their pro-rata share of certain
categories of the Company’s income for the period in which the Company is classified as a CFC. As the Company cannot control
the ownership of the Company’s stock nor can the Company control which shareholders participate in the Company’s stock
buyback program, ownership changes could result that create United States shareholders which increase the risk of Garmin being
treated as a CFC. 

   

 We have benefited in the past from Taiwan
government tax incentives offered on certain high technology capital investments that may not always be available.  

   

 Our
effective tax rate has historically been lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, in part because we have benefited from incentives
offered in Taiwan related to our high technology investments in Taiwan. The loss of these tax benefits   has
begun to have a negative impact on our effective tax rate and reduced benefits will continue into the future.  

   

 We may experience unique economic and political risks associated
with companies that operate in Taiwan.  

   

 Relations between Taiwan
and the People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, and other factors affecting the political or economic conditions
of Taiwan in the future could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price
and the liquidity of our shares. Our principal manufacturing facilities where we manufacture all of our products, except our panel-mounted
aviation products, are located in Taiwan. 

   

 Taiwan has a unique
international political status. The PRC asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands and all
of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic
and cultural relations have been established during recent years between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that
it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan.
Relations between Taiwan and the PRC have on occasion adversely affected the market value of Taiwanese companies and could negatively
affect our operations in Taiwan in the future. 

   

 Our intellectual property rights are
important to our operations, and we could suffer loss if they infringe upon other’s rights or are infringed upon by others.
 

   

 We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file applications
to attempt to protect our rights in new technology and trademarks. However, there is no guarantee that our patent applications
will become issued patents, or that our trademark applications will become registered trademarks. Moreover, even if approved, our
patents or trademarks may thereafter be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become invalidated for a variety of reasons.
Thus, any patents or trademarks we currently have or may later acquire may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. 

   

 Third parties may claim
that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial condition. From time to time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property
rights. Litigation concerning patents or other intellectual property is costly and time consuming. We may seek licenses from such
parties, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could
also cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes
or the production or sale of major products. 

   


 
     22 
       
     

   

 We may become subject to significant
product liability costs.  

   

 If our aviation products
malfunction or contain errors or defects, airplane collisions or crashes could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury
or death. Malfunctions or errors or defects in our marine navigational products could cause boats to run aground or cause other
wreckage, personal injury or death. If our automotive or marine products contain defects or errors in the mapping supplied by third-party
map providers or if our users do not heed our warnings about the proper use of these products, collisions or accidents could occur
resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. If any of these events occurs, we could be subject to significant liability
for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages.
We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance
would be sufficient to cover the cost of damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available at commercially
reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage generally will not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the cost
of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance
to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, this could have a materially adverse impact
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage
our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and applications.  

   

 Concerns about our
practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information, user location information or other
privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and operating results. While we strive to comply with all
applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to
comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, or could cause us to lose users and customers,
which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

   

 Regulatory authorities
around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the
interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in
flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If
so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could
have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial
costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

   

 Security breaches and other disruptions, including as a result
of cyber attacks, may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

   

 In the ordinary course
of our business, we electronically maintain sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our customers and suppliers, and some personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our facilities
and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is important to our operations. A
breach of our security systems and procedures or those of our vendors could result in significant data losses or theft of our customers'
or our employees' intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information.  A cybersecurity
breach could negatively affect our reputation as a trusted product and service provider by adversely affecting the market's perception
of the security or reliability of our products or services.  

   


 
     23 
       
     

   

 We have a technology
and processes in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software or applications
we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly
compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through fraud,
trickery or other forms of deceiving our customers and employees. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques
or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, or if such measures are implemented, and even with appropriate
training conducted in support of such measures, human errors may still occur. It is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate
this risk. A party, whether internal or external, who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate information. 

   

 Actual or anticipated
attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies,
to train employees, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. Our technology errors and omissions insurance may
not protect against all of the costs, liabilities, and other adverse effects arising from a security breach or system failure.
If we fail to reasonably maintain the security of confidential information, we may suffer significant reputational and financial
losses and our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, a
system breach could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of internal operations, and may subject us to private
litigation, government investigations, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or
remediation costs. 

   

 We depend on third party licensors for
the digital map data contained in our automotive/mobile products, and our business and/or gross margins could be harmed if we become
unable to continue licensing such mapping data or if the royalty costs for such data rise. 

   

 We license digital mapping
data for use in our products from various sources. There are only a limited number of suppliers of mapping data for each geographical
region. The two largest digital map suppliers are HERE (formerly known as NAVTEQ) and TomTom N.V. HERE is owned by Nokia Oyj and
TomTom N.V. is owned by TomTom N.V. Nokia and TomTom are both competitors of Garmin. 

   

 Although we do not foresee
difficulty in continuing to license data at favorable pricing due to the long term license extension signed between Garmin and
HERE in February 2015 extending our HERE license agreement through 2024, if we are unable to continue licensing such mapping data
and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if the nature of our relationships with HERE changes detrimentally, our ability
to supply mapping data for use in our products would be seriously harmed. 

   

 We may have additional income tax liabilities.   

   

 We are subject to income
taxes in Switzerland, the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our
worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where
the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates
are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical
income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our income tax provision,
net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

   

 Failure to obtain required certifications of our products
on a timely basis could harm our business.  

   

 We have certain products,
especially in our aviation segment, that are subject to governmental and similar certifications before they can be sold. For example,
FAA certification is required for all of our aviation products that are intended for installation in type-certificated aircraft.
To the extent required, certification is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus and resources.
An inability to obtain, or excessive delay in obtaining, such certifications could have an adverse effect on our ability to introduce
new products and, for certain aviation OEM products, our customers’ ability to sell airplanes. Delays in our obtaining certification
for our aviation products have resulted, and may in the future result, in our being required to pay compensation to our customers.
Therefore, such inabilities or delays could adversely affect our operating results.    In addition, we cannot assure you that
our certified products will not be decertified. Any such decertification could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

   


 
     24 
       
     

   

 Our business may suffer if we are not
able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel.  

   

 Our future success depends
partly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel.
We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying severance
payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do not have key man
life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance. The loss of the services
of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could harm our business. Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel
we require to maintain and grow our market position may be difficult. For example, in some recent years there has been a nationwide
shortage of qualified engineers who are necessary for us to design and develop new products, and therefore, it has sometimes been
challenging to recruit such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to maintain and expand
our business. 

   

 Our quarterly operating results are
subject to fluctuations and seasonality.  

   

 Our operating results
are difficult to predict. Our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. If such operating results decline,
the price of our stock could decline. As we have expanded our operations, our operating expenses, particularly our research and
development costs, have increased as a percentage of our sales. If revenues decrease and we continue to increase research and development
costs, our operating results would be negatively affected. 

   

 Historically, our revenues
have been weaker in the first quarter of each fiscal year as our devices are highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying is traditionally
lower in this quarter. Sales of certain of our fitness, marine and automotive   products tend to be higher in our second fiscal
quarter due to increased consumer spending for such products in the spring season and travel season. Sales of many of our consumer
products also have been higher in our fourth fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns on electronic devices during
the holiday season.   In addition, we attempt to time our new product releases to coincide with relatively higher consumer
spending in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, which contributes to these seasonal variations. 

   

 We rely on independent dealers and distributors
to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business.  

   

 Because we sell many
of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory
levels and support for our products. In particular, our dealers and distributors maintain significant levels of our products in
their inventories. If dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient
levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. 

   

 Many of our dealers
and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable
terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain
or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with
dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 

   

 We may pursue strategic acquisitions,
investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify,
complete and integrate such transactions.  

   

 We intend to evaluate
acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products,
or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings,
additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition,
investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete
those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all. 

   


 
     25 
       
     

   

 Any past or future acquisitions
could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s
attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to
integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide
not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate internal controls, compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other
corporate governance matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we have made in previous years or may make
in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business could be materially harmed. 

   

 There is uncertainty as to our shareholders’ ability
to enforce certain foreign civil liabilities in Switzerland and Taiwan.  

   

 We are a Swiss company
and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States, particularly in Taiwan. As a result, it may be difficult
to effect service of process within the United States upon us. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of Switzerland
or Taiwan would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in
Switzerland or Taiwan against us predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

   

 A shut down of Federal Aviation Administration
operations would harm our business. 

   

 Any failure of
Congress to appropriate funds for FAA operations that results in any shut down of FAA operations or furloughing of FAA employees
could result in delays in the required FAA certification of our avionics products and in the production, sale and registration
of aircraft that use our avionics products. Such delays could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

   

 Many of our products rely on the Global
Positioning System. 

   

 The Global Positioning
System (GPS) is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites
and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department
of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems
are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. The satellites were originally
designed to have lives of 7.5 years and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate. However,
of the current deployment of satellites in place, some have been operating for more than 20 years. 

   

 To repair damaged or
malfunctioning satellites is currently not economically feasible. If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable,
there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites
may impair the current utility of the GPS system and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. GPS satellites
and ground control segments are being modernized. GPS modernization software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access
to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates. 

   

 GPS is operated by the
U. S. Government, which is committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however if the policy were to change, and GPS were
no longer supported by the U. S. Government, or if user fees were imposed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. 

   


 
     26 
       
     

   

 Some of our products
also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System
(WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS), and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS).
Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby
impacting our markets. 

   

 Any of the foregoing
factors could affect the willingness of buyers of our products to select Global Positioning System-based products instead of products
based on competing technologies. 

   

 Our business is subject to disruptions and uncertainties
caused by geopolitical instability, war or terrorism. 

   

 Acts of war or acts of terrorism, especially
any directed at the GPS signals, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism,
may cause a redeployment of the satellites used in GPS or interruptions of the system. To the extent that such interruptions have
an effect on sales of our products, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

   

 A shut down of airspace
or imposition of restrictions on general aviation would harm our business. The shutdown of airspace could cause reduced sales of
our general aviation products and delays in the shipment of our products manufactured in our Taiwan manufacturing facilities to
our global distribution facilities, thereby adversely affecting our ability to supply new and existing products to our dealers
and distributors. 

   

 Any reallocation or repurposing of radio
frequency spectrum could cause harmful interference with the reception of Global Positioning System signals. This interference
could harm our business.  

   

 Our Global Positioning
System technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s Global
Positioning System satellites. The Global Positioning System operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for
radio navigation satellite services. International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications
Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations
that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference. 
Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations
and spectrum usage regulations. 

   

 Any ITU or national
reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications
of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may materially and adversely affect the utility and reliability of our products
and have significant negative impacts on our business and our customers. 

   

 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks
related to climate change. 

   

 Climate
change is receiving increasing attention worldwide.  Some scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming
to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts
to limit greenhouse gas emissions. 

   

 Various
regulatory and legislative measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in different phases of implementation or discussion.
In the aftermath of its 2009 “endangerment finding” that greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to human health and
welfare, the Environmental Protection Agency has begun to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under
the Clean Air Act. At the federal legislative level, Congressional passage of legislation adopting some form of federal mandatory
greenhouse gas emission reduction, such as a nationwide cap-and-trade program, does not appear likely at this time, although it
could be adopted at a future date. It is also possible that Congress may pass alternative climate change bills that do not mandate
a nationwide cap-and-trade program and instead focus on promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency, which could increase
the cost of doing business . 

   


 
     27 
       
     

   

     Because it is uncertain
what laws and regulations will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

   

 Risks Relating
to Our Shares  

   

 The volatility of our stock price could
adversely affect investment in our common shares. 

   

 The market price of
our common shares has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile.  During 2014, the closing price of our common shares
ranged from a low of $43.63 to a high of $61.69. A variety of factors could cause the price of our common shares to fluctuate,
perhaps substantially, including: 

   

 
 · new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

 
 · general conditions in the worldwide economy, including fluctuations
in interest rates and global currency exchange rates; 

 
 · announcements of technological innovations; 

 
 · product obsolescence and our ability to manage product transitions; 

 
 · developments in our relationships with our customers and suppliers;
 

 
 · the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of components,
such as flash memory and liquid crystal displays, used in our products; 

 
 · quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results; 

 
 · changes in applicable tax laws and tax rates; 

 
 · developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and
litigation; 

 
 · announcements and rumors of developments related to our business,
our competitors, our suppliers or the markets in which we compete; 

 
 · research reports or opinions issued by securities analysts or brokerage
houses related to Garmin, our competitors, our suppliers or our customers;  

 
 · any significant acts of terrorism against the United States, Taiwan
or significant markets where we sell our products; and 

 
 · other factors as discussed in the previously listed risks. 

   

 In addition, in recent
years the stock market in general and the markets for shares of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price
fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies.  Any such fluctuations in
the future could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 

   

 Our officers and directors exert substantial influence over
us.  

   

 As of January 25, 2015,
current members and former members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers, together with members of their families
and entities that may be deemed affiliates of or related to such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 40.62% of
our outstanding common shares. Accordingly, these shareholders may be able to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring
shareholder approval, such as mergers and acquisitions and shareholder proposals. This level of ownership may have a significant
effect in delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Garmin and may adversely affect the voting and other rights
of other holders of our common shares. 

   

 
     28 
       
     

   

 The rights of our shareholders are governed
by Swiss law. 

   

         	The
rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law and Garmin Ltd.’s articles of association. The rights of shareholders
under Swiss law differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law
allows our shareholders acting at a shareholders’ meeting to authorize share capital that can be issued by the board of directors
without approval of a shareholders’ meeting, but this authorization is limited to 50% of the existing registered share capital
and must be renewed at a shareholders’ meeting at least every two years for it to continue to be available. Additionally,
subject to specified exceptions, including the exceptions described in our articles of association, Swiss law grants preemptive
rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares and other securities. Swiss law also does not provide
as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions.
Swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority
in some other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law provides that dividends and other distributions must be approved by shareholders
at the general meeting of shareholders. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility,
and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders. 

   

 We may not be able to make distributions
or repurchase shares without subjecting you to Swiss withholding tax. 

   

         	If
we are unable to make distributions, if any, through a reduction of par value or to pay dividends, if any, out of qualifying capital
contribution reserves, then any dividends paid by us will generally be subject to a Swiss federal withholding tax at a rate of
35%. The withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. A U.S.
holder that qualifies for benefits under the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the
Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty
rate (or in excess of the 5% reduced treaty rate for qualifying corporate shareholders with at least 10% participation in our voting
stock, or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). Payment of a capital distribution in the form of a par value reduction
or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves is not subject to Swiss withholding tax. However, there can be no
assurance that our shareholders will approve a reduction in par value or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves,
that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that Swiss withholding rules will not
be changed in the future or that a change in Swiss law will not adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular as a result
of distributions out of qualifying capital contribution reserves becoming subject to additional corporate law or other restrictions.
There are currently legislative projects pending in Swiss Parliament and the Swiss federal administration that – depending
on their final form – may limit the distribution of qualifying capital contribution reserves. In addition, over the long
term, the amount of par value and qualifying capital contribution reserves available for us to use for par value reductions or
dividends will be limited. If we are unable to make a distribution through a reduction in par value or to pay a dividend out of
qualifying capital contribution reserves, we may not be able to make distributions without subjecting you to Swiss withholding
taxes. 

   

 Under current Swiss
tax law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% Swiss
withholding tax on the difference between the par value and the repurchase price. However, the portion of the repurchase price
that is attributed to qualifying capital contribution reserves of the shares repurchased will not be subject to the Swiss withholding
tax. No partial liquidation treatment applies and no withholding tax is triggered if the shares are not repurchased for cancellation
but held by us as treasury shares. However, should we not resell such treasury shares within six years, the withholding tax becomes
due at the end of the six year period. 

   

 We may follow a share
repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, similar to a "second trading line" on the SIX Swiss Exchange
in which Swiss institutional investors buy shares on the open market and sell these shares to us and are generally able to receive
a refund of the Swiss withholding tax. However, if we are unable to use this process successfully, we may not be able to repurchase
shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting you to Swiss withholding taxes if and to the extent that the repurchase
of shares is made out of retained earnings or other taxable reserves. No withholding tax would be applicable if and to the extent
that qualifying capital contribution reserves are attributable to the share repurchase. 

   


 
     29 
       
     

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 2. Properties 

   

 The following are the
principal properties owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries: 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. occupy a facility of approximately 1,177,400 square feet on 55 acres in Olathe, Kansas, where the majority
of product design and development work is conducted, the majority of aviation panel-mount products are manufactured and products
are warehoused, distributed, and supported for North, Central and South America. Garmin’s subsidiary, Garmin Realty, LLC
also owns an additional 34 acres of land on the Olathe site for future expansion. In connection with the bond financings for the
facility in Olathe and the previous expansion of that facility, the City of Olathe holds the legal title to the Olathe facility
which is leased to Garmin’s subsidiaries by the City. Upon the payment in full of the outstanding bonds, the City of Olathe
is obligated to transfer title to Garmin’s subsidiaries for the aggregate sum of $200. Garmin International, Inc. has purchased
all the outstanding bonds and continues to hold the bonds until maturity in order to benefit from property tax abatement. 

   

 Garmin Corporation owns
and occupies a 249,326 square foot facility in Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City, Taiwan, a 223,469 square foot facility in Jhongli,
Tao-Yang County, Taiwan, and an approximately 580,000 square foot facility in LinKou, Tao-Yang County, Taiwan. In these three facilities,
Garmin Corporation manufactures all of Garmin’s consumer and portable aviation products and warehouses, markets and supports
products for the Pacific Rim countries. 

   

 Garmin AT, Inc. leases
approximately 18 acres of land in Salem, Oregon under a ground lease. This ground lease expires in 2030, but Garmin AT, Inc. has
the option to extend the ground lease until 2050. Garmin AT, Inc. owns and occupies a 115,000 square foot facility for office,
development and manufacturing use and a 33,000 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility on this land.
Garmin AT, Inc. also leases 43,870 square feet of office space in a separate Salem, OR building for Garmin’s newly-opened
West Coast customer support call center. Garmin AT, Inc. is currently in the construction phase of an additional 66,000 square
foot facility on the same property as its current headquarters in Salem, Oregon. Garmin AT, Inc. plans to move the West Coast customer
support call center from its current location to this new facility, and expects to also use the new facility for research and development
activities. 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc. owns and occupies an approximate 60,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona, used as office space. Garmin International,
Inc. leases 148,320 square feet of land at New Century Airport in Gardner, Kansas under a ground lease which expires in 2026. Garmin
International, Inc. owns and occupies a 47,254 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility on this land
which is used in development and certification of aviation products. Garmin International, Inc. owns a leasehold interest in an
additional 52,794 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility at New Century Airport in Gardner which is
also used in development and certification of aviation products. 

   

 Garmin Würzburg
GmbH leases 43,290 square feet in Würzburg, Germany for office and research and development activities. Garmin Cluj S.R.L.
leases 27,800 square feet in Cluj, Romania for research and development activities. 

   

 Various Garmin subsidiaries
lease an additional: (i) 48,625 square feet of office space in Olathe, Kansas for a call center operation; and (ii) approximately
33,000 square feet of office space in Tucson, Arizona, used as offices and for research and development. 

   


 
     30 
       
     

   

 Garmin (Europe) Ltd.
owns and occupies a 155,000 square foot building located in Totton, Southampton, England, used as offices and a distribution facility. 

   

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

   

 American Vehicular Sciences LLC, v.
Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc., and Garmin Ltd. 

   

 On March 7, 2014,
American Vehicular Sciences LLC (AVS) filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas
against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc., and Garmin Ltd. (collectively “Garmin”), alleging
infringement of U.S. Patent No. 8,630,795 (the “‘795 patent”). On April 9, 2014, Garmin filed its answer
asserting that each asserted claim of the ‘795 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. The parties have negotiated a
settlement and it is expected that this lawsuit will be dismissed shortly.  

   

 Azure Networks LLC, v. Garmin International,
Inc. 

   

 On January 13, 2015
Azure Networks LLC filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Tyler Division against Garmin
International, Inc, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 8,582,570, U.S. Patent No. 8,582,571, U.S. Patent No. 8,588,196, U.S.
Patent No. 8,588,231, U.S. Patent No. 8,589,599, U.S: Patent No. 8,675,590, U.S. Patent No. 8,683,092 and U.S. Patent No. 8,732,
347. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect
on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that each asserted claim of the asserted patents is
invalid and/or not infringed and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 Dynamic Hosting Company LLC v. ASUS
Computer International, Garmin International, Inc., and Garmin USA, Inc. 

   

 On December 18,
2014, Dynamic Hosting Company LLC filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Garmin
International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,826,026 (“the ’026 patent”)
and U.S. Patent No. 6,216,156 (“the ’156 patent”). On January 13, 2015, Garmin filed its answer asserting that
each asserted claim of the ‘026 and ‘156 patents is invalid and/or not infringed. Although there can be no assurance
that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or
financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and Garmin intends to vigorously defend this
action. 

   

 Harbinger Capital Partners LLC et al
v. Deere & Company et al; LightSquared Inc. et al. v. Deere & Company et al. 

   

 On August 9,
2013, Harbinger Capital Partners LLC and ten related entities (“Harbinger”) filed a lawsuit (the “Harbinger
Lawsuit”) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Deere & Company
(“Deere”), Garmin International, Inc. (“Garmin”), Trimble Navigation Ltd. (“Trimble”),
The U.S. GPS Industry Council (the “Council”), and the Coalition to Save Our GPS. The Coalition to Save Our GPS
is no longer a defendant. Plaintiffs filed a first amended complaint on August 16, 2013, a second amended complaint on
January 21, 2014, and a third amended complaint on March 18, 2014. The third amended complaint seeks damages of at least $1.9
billion based on allegations of violation of Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “1934 Act”),
violation of Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, constructive fraud, equitable estoppel,
breach of contract, and violation of Section 349 of the New York General Business Law. Plaintiffs allege that they
invested in a company now called LightSquared in the belief that LightSquared would be able to operate a new terrestrial,
mobile telecommunications network (the “Terrestrial Plan”) on certain satellite radio
frequencies. Plaintiffs also allege that LightSquared was not able to obtain approval from the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) to operate the proposed Terrestrial Plan because of interference it would cause to Global Positioning System
(GPS) receivers operating in an adjacent frequency band. Plaintiffs further allege that defendants concealed the
likelihood of such interference and breached an earlier alleged agreement with a predecessor of LightSquared regarding a
different technical issue. Plaintiffs allege they were third-party beneficiaries of the agreement. 

   


 
     31 
       
     

   

 On November 1, 2013,
LightSquared, Inc. and two related entities (collectively, “LightSquared”) filed an adversary proceeding (the “LightSquared
Lawsuit”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (where a voluntary petition for relief
under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code filed by LightSquared and certain related entities is pending) against Deere,
Garmin, Trimble, the Council, and the Coalition to Save Our GPS. LightSquared filed a first amended complaint on March 18, 2014.
LightSquared’s amended complaint seeks damages based on claims of promissory estoppel, quantum meruit, breach of contract,
breach of implied covenant of good faith, unjust enrichment, negligent misrepresentation, constructive fraud, civil conspiracy,
and tortious interference with contractual or business relationships. Like the allegations in the Harbinger Lawsuit, LightSquared
alleges that it was not able to obtain approval from the FCC to operate its proposed Terrestrial Plan because of interference it
would cause to GPS receivers. LightSquared also alleges that the inability to obtain FCC approval caused LightSquared damages,
including the loss of third-party contracts.  LightSquared further alleges that defendants concealed the likelihood of such
interference and/or represented to LightSquared that any interference issues had been resolved and that defendants breached earlier
alleged agreements with LightSquared regarding a different technical issue. On November 15, 2013, Garmin, Deere, Trimble, and the
Council filed a motion to withdraw the reference of the LightSquared adversary proceeding from the Bankruptcy Court to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “District Court”). On January 31, 2014 the District
Court granted the defendants’ motion to withdraw the reference. 

   

 The defendants
filed joint motions to dismiss all counts of both the Harbinger and LightSquared Lawsuits on May 29, 2014. On February 5,
2015 the District Court issued an order dismissing with prejudice all counts of the Harbinger Lawsuit and all counts of the
LightSquared Lawsuit except for the claims alleging negligent misrepresentation and constructive fraud. On February 11, 2015
Harbinger filed a notice of appeal against the dismissal of the Harbinger lawsuit. Although there can be no assurance that
an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity
or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in the Harbinger and LightSquared Lawsuits are without merit and
intends to vigorously defend these actions. 

   

 ICON Health & Fitness, Inc. v. Garmin
Ltd., Garmin International, Inc., and Garmin USA, Inc.  

   

 On November 18, 2011,
ICON Health & Fitness, Inc. filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Utah against Garmin Ltd., Garmin
International, Inc., and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively “Garmin”), alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 7,789,800
(the ‘800 patent”) and 6,701,271 (“the ‘271 patent”). On June 8, 2012, ICON filed an amended complaint
alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,626,799 and 6,921,351. On June 25, 2012, Garmin filed its answer asserting that each
asserted claim of these additional patents-in-suit is invalid and/or not infringed. On April 11, 2013, the Court dismissed ICON’s
allegations of infringement of the ‘800 and ‘271 patents against Garmin without prejudice pursuant to a motion filed
by ICON. A claim construction hearing was held by the court on October 23, 2013 and the parties await the court’s claim construction
order. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect
on our operating results, liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and
intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   


 
     32 
       
     

   

 In the Matter of Certain Marine Sonar
Imaging Systems, Products Containing the Same and Components Thereof 

   

 On July 18, 2014, Johnson
Outdoors Inc. and Johnson Outdoors Marine Electronics Inc. filed a complaint with the United States International Trade Commission
(“ITC”) against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Corporation (collectively
“Garmin”) alleging a violation of Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, through alleged infringement by
Garmin of U.S. Patents 7,652,952 (“the ’952 patent”); 7,710,825 (“the ’825 patent”); and 7,755,974
(“the ’974 patent”). On August 15, 2014 the ITC instituted an investigation pursuant to the complaint. Although
there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that each asserted claim of the ‘952 patent, the ‘825 patent,
and the ‘974 patent is invalid and/or not infringed and, in addition, that the ’952, ’825, and ’974 patents
are unenforceable under the doctrine of inequitable conduct and that Johnson Outdoors’ claims are barred in whole or in part
by the doctrines of prosecution history estoppel and/or prosecution disclaimer. The ITC Administrative Law Judge has scheduled
a trial hearing commencing on April 3, 2015. Garmin intends to vigorously defend the complaint. 

   

 In the Matter of Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Devices, Including
Downscan and Sidescan Devices, Products Containing the Same , and Components Thereof 

   

 On
June 9, 2014 Navico Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed a complaint with the United States International Trade Commission (“ITC”)
against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin (Asia) Corporation (collectively “Garmin”)
alleging a violation of Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, through alleged infringement by Garmin of U.S. Patents
8,300,499 (“the ’499 patent”); 8,305,840 (“the ’840 patent”); and 8,605,550 (“the ’550
patent”). On July 9, 2014 the ITC instituted an investigation pursuant to the complaint. Although there can be no assurance
that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity, or
financial position, Garmin believes that each asserted claim of the ‘499 patent, the ‘840 patent, and the ‘550
patent is invalid and/or not infringed. The ITC Administrative Law Judge has scheduled a trial hearing commencing on March 18,
2015. Garmin intends to vigorously defend the complaint . 

   

 Johnson Outdoors Inc. and Johnson Outdoors
Marine Electronics, Inc. v. Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. 

   

 On July 17, 2014, Johnson
Outdoors Inc and Johnson Outdoors Marine Electronics Inc. filed suit in the United States District Court for the Middle District
of Alabama, Northern Division, against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively,
“Garmin “) alleging infringement of U.S. Patents 7,652,952 (“the ’952 patent”); 7,710,825 (“the
’825 patent”); and 7,755,974 (“the ’974 patent”). On August 15, 2014, Garmin filed an answer. On
October 17, 2014, Garmin filed an amended answer. In its amended answer Garmin asserts that each asserted claim of the ‘952
patent, the ‘825 patent and the ‘974 patent is invalid and/or not infringed and, in addition, that the ’952,
’825, and ’974 patents are unenforceable under the doctrine of inequitable conduct, and that Johnson Outdoors’
claims are barred in whole or in part by the doctrines of prosecution history estoppel and/or prosecution disclaimer and Garmin
seeks treble damages against Johnson Outdoors for antitrust violations under Section 2 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. § 2.
Garmin intends to vigorously defend this action. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation
would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims
in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 Andrea Katz, on behalf of herself and
all others similarly situated, v. Garmin Ltd. and Garmin International, Inc.  

   

 On December 18, 2013,
a purported class action lawsuit was filed against Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois.  The lead plaintiff was Andrea Katz, on behalf of herself and all others similarly situated. 
The class of plaintiffs that Andrea Katz purported to represent includes all individuals who purchased any model of Forerunner
watch in the State of Illinois and the United States. Plaintiff asserted claims for breach of contract, breach of express warranty,
breach of implied warranties, negligence, negligent misrepresentation, and violations of Illinois statutory law. Plaintiff alleged
that Forerunner watch bands have an unacceptable rate of failure in that they detach from the watch. Plaintiff sought compensatory
and punitive damages, prejudgment interest, costs, and attorneys’ fees, and injunctive relief. On January 29, 2014 the court
dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. On January 30, 2014, the plaintiff re-filed the lawsuit with the same claims for relief
as the earlier action and adding an additional claim for unjust enrichment.  On February 4, 2014, the court ordered the case
to be transferred to the United States District Court for the District of Utah.  The plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the case
filed in Illinois and, on March 6, 2014, she refiled the lawsuit in the District Court for the District of Utah with the same claims,
but with additional claims for violations of the Utah Consumers Sales Practice Act, Lanham Act, and Utah Truth in Advertising Act. 
The relief she requested is the same.  On March 31, 2014, Garmin filed a motion to transfer the venue of the Utah action back
to the Northern District of Illinois.  On October 21, 2014, the United States District Court for the District of Utah denied
Garmin’s motion to transfer venue. On December 26, 2014, Garmin filed a motion to dismiss certain counts of the complaint.
The court has scheduled a hearing on this motion on April 16, 2015. No class has been certified at this time. Although there can
be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend
this action.  

   


 
     33 
       
     

   

 Brian Meyers, on behalf of himself and
all others similarly situated, v. Garmin International, Inc. Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. 

   

 On August 13, 2013,
Brian Meyers filed a putative class action complaint against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. in the
United States District Court for the District of Kansas. Meyers alleges that lithium-ion batteries in certain Garmin products are
defective and alleges violations of the Kansas Consumer Protection Act, breach of an implied warranty of merchantability, breach
of contract, unjust enrichment, breach of express warranty and also requests declaratory relief that the batteries are defective
and must be covered by Garmin’s warranties. The complaint seeks an order for class certification, a declaration that the
batteries are defective, an order of injunctive relief, payment of damages in an unspecified amount on behalf of a putative class
of all purchasers of certain Garmin products, and an award of attorneys’ fees. On September 18, 2013 the plaintiff voluntarily
dismissed Garmin Ltd. as a defendant without prejudice. On October 18, 2013 the plaintiff filed an amended class action complaint.
On November 1, 2013 the remaining Garmin defendants filed a motion to dismiss all counts of the complaint for failure to state
a claim on which relief can be granted. On January 24, 2014, the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part and denied it in part,
dismissing the count for declaratory relief and the prayer for a declaration that the batteries are defective, but allowing
the case to proceed on other substantive counts. No class has been certified at this time. Although there can be no assurance
that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity, or
financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 MSPBO, LLC v. Garmin International,
Inc. 

   

 On December 16, 2013,
MSPBO, LLC filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado against Garmin International, Inc. (“Garmin”)
alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 6,744,375 (“the ‘375 patent”). On January 9, 2014, Garmin filed a motion
to dismiss the complaint alleging that the claims are subject to arbitration pending in Kansas and alternatively asked the Colorado
federal court to stay the suit until the arbitration in Kansas is resolved. On September 11, 2014, the Colorado federal court denied
the motion to dismiss or stay the suit. On September 25, 2014, Garmin filed its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the
‘375 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. Garmin filed a petition on January 8, 2014 with the District Court of Johnson
County, Kansas to compel arbitration with Phatrat Technology, Inc. and Phatrat Technology, LLC, alleging Garmin’s prior license
agreement with Phatrat (the “Phatrat License Agreement”) covers MSPBO’s current claims as MSPBO is an affiliate
of Phatrat under the license agreement with Garmin. On April 28, 2014, the District Court of Johnson County, Kansas granted Garmin’s
motion to compel arbitration. Phatrat filed a counterclaim for damages in this arbitration claiming that Garmin breached the Phatrat
License Agreement by selling certain products that were excluded from the definition of licensed products in the Phatrat License
Agreement. A hearing in this arbitration was held on December 14 to December 17, 2014. Post-hearing briefs in the arbitration were
filed on January 28, 2015, and the arbitrator has scheduled oral argument on the post-hearing briefs on February 18, 2015 . 
Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our
operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in the MSPBO lawsuit are without merit and
intends to vigorously defend these actions. 

   


 
     34 
       
     

   

 Navico Inc. and Navico Holding AS v.
Garmin International, Inc .and Garmin USA, Inc. 

   

 On June 4, 2014 Navico
Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed suit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma against Garmin
International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. alleging infringement of U.S. Patents 8,300,499 (“the ’499 patent”);
8,305,840 (“the ’840 patent”); and 8,605,550 (“the ’550 patent”). On October 21, 2014, Garmin
filed its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the ‘499, ‘840, and ‘550 patents is invalid and/or not
infringed. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse
effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit
and intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit. 

   

 Pacing Technologies, LLC v. Garmin International,
Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Ltd.  

   

 On May 1, 2012, Pacing
Technologies, LLC (“Pacing Technologies”) filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of California against Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin Ltd alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 8,101,843.
On July 6, 2012, Garmin filed its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the patent-in-suit is invalid and/or not infringed.
On March 11, 2014, the court granted Garmin’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement and found that Garmin’s
products could not infringe Pacing Technologies’ patent as a matter of law. Pacing Technologies has appealed the court’s
summary judgment order to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit which heard oral argument on the appeal December 3, 2014.
Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our
operating results, liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends
to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 Pioneer Corporation v. Iiyonet Inc.  

   

 On October 2, 2014,
Pioneer Corporation filed suit in the Tokyo District Court in Japan against Iiyonet Inc. alleging certain Garmin consumer products
infringe Japanese Patent No. 3,442,138 (the ‘138 patent). Iiyonet Inc. is the distributor in Japan for Garmin’s consumer
products. Garmin intervened in this action on December 19, 2014, and has filed an answer asserting that the asserted claim of the
‘138 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. The Tokyo court has scheduled preparatory oral arguments on March 9, 2015. Although
there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously
defend this action. 

   

 Silver State Intellectual Technologies,
Inc. v. Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc.  

   

 On September 29, 2011,
Silver State Intellectual Technologies, Inc. filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against
Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively “Garmin”), alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos.
6,525,768; 6,529,824; 6,542,812; 7,343,165; 7,522,992; 7,593,812; 7,650,234; 7,702,455 and 7,739,039. On December 8, 2011, Garmin
filed its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the patents-in-suit is invalid and/or not infringed. On April 5, 2013, the
Court held a claim construction hearing and on August 15, 2013 the Court issued an order construing the clams of the patents in
suit. On March 21, 2014, Garmin filed a motion for partial summary judgment. On July 24, 2014, the court denied the motion for
partial summary judgment. On March 6, 2014, Garmin filed a request for ex parte reexamination of certain claims of the ‘992
patent. On May 5, 2014, Garmin filed a request for ex parte reexamination of certain claims of the ‘812 patent. On October
24, 2014, the U.S. Patent Office issued a non-final rejection of the identified claims of the ‘992 patent. On September 24,
2014, the U.S. Patent Office issued a non-final rejection of the identified claims of the ‘812 patent. The court has scheduled
a trial commencing on May 11, 2015. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not
have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this
lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   


 
     35 
       
     

   

 Technology Properties Limited, LLC et
al v. Garmin Ltd., Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc.  

   

 On July 24, 2012 Technology
Properties Limited LLC, Phoenix Digital Solutions LLC, and Patriot Scientific Corporation filed suit in the U.S. District Court
for the Northern District of California against Garmin Ltd., Garmin International, Inc., and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively “Garmin”)
alleging infringement by Garmin of one or more of the following patents: U.S. Patent No. 5,809,336, U.S. Patent 5,440,749 and U.S.
Patent No. 5,530,890. By agreement of the parties, on October 29, 2012 this lawsuit was stayed pending the resolution of the investigation
by the International Trade Commission in  In the Matter of Certain Wireless Consumer Electronics Devices and Components Thereof.
 Such Investigation was terminated with a finding of no violation by Garmin. On March 21, 2012, Technology Properties Limited
LLC filed a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy laws. On September 24, 2014, the court related
the Garmin case with other cases brought by TPL, effectively lifting the stay. On December 18, 2014, Garmin filed its answer asserting
that each asserted claim of the ‘336, ‘749, and ‘890 patents is invalid and/or not infringed. Although there
can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
liquidity, or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this action are without merit and intends to vigorously defend
this action. 

   

 Visteon Global Technologies, Inc. and
Visteon Technologies LLC v. Garmin International, Inc.  

   

 On February 10, 2010,
Visteon Global Technologies, Inc. and Visteon Technologies LLC filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan, Southern Division, against Garmin International, Inc. alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,544,060 (“the
‘060 patent”), U.S. Patent No. 5,654,892 (“the ‘892 patent”), U.S. Patent No. 5,832,408 (“the
‘408 patent”), U.S. Patent No 5,987,375 (“the ‘375 patent”) and U.S. Patent No 6,097,316 (“the
‘316 patent”). On May 17, 2010, Garmin filed its answer asserting that each claim of the ‘060 patent, the ‘892
patent, the ‘408 patent and the ‘375 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. On April 12, 2011, the special master
appointed by the court held a claim construction hearing. On December 12, 2011, the court issued an order adopting the special
master’s report construing the claims of the patents-in-suit. On September 14, 2012, Garmin filed with the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office petitions for  ex parte  reexamination of the ‘408 patent and the ‘060 patent as being anticipated
and obvious in view of the prior art. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office subsequently granted Garmin’s requests for  ex
parte  reexaminations and initially rejected all identified claims. On April 15, 2013, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
issued a reexamination certificate confirming the patentability of the challenged claims of the ‘060 patent. On November
30, 2012, Garmin filed motions for summary judgment of non-infringement and/or invalidity for the ‘892, ‘316, and ‘375
patents. Visteon filed its own motions for summary judgment of infringement of the ‘408 patent and validity, under section
112, of the ‘375 and ‘060 patents.  On February 4, 2013, the summary judgment motions were referred to the special
master for consideration. On May 23, 2014 the special master held a hearing on the summary judgment motions. Prior to the hearing
Visteon dropped its claim that Garmin infringes the ‘316 patent. On September 17, 2014, the special master issued a report
recommending that Garmin’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the ‘375 patent be granted, Visteon’s
motion for summary judgment of validity under section 112 of the ‘375 and ‘060 patents be granted, and that all other
motions for summary judgment be denied. On October 16, 2014, Garmin filed objections to the special master’s report and the
parties await an order from the court. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would
not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 In the normal course
of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, actions, and complaints, including matters involving
patent infringement, other intellectual property, product liability, customer claims and various other risks. It is not possible
to predict with certainty whether or not the Company and its subsidiaries will ultimately be successful in any of these legal matters,
or if not, what the impact might be. However, the Company’s management does not expect that the results in any of these legal
proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

   


 
     36 
       
     

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

   

 None. 

   

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

   

 Pursuant to General
Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and instruction 3 to paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, the following list is included
as an unnumbered Item in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in lieu of being included in the Company’s Definitive
Proxy Statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 5, 2015. 

   

 Dr. Min H. Kao ,
age 66, has served as Executive Chairman of Garmin Ltd. since January 2013 and was previously Chairman of Garmin Ltd. from August
2004 to December 2012 and Co-Chairman of Garmin Ltd. from August 2000 to August 2004. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Garmin
Ltd. from August 2002 to December 2012 and previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2000 to August 2002. Dr.
Kao served as a director and officer of various subsidiaries of the Company from August 1990 until January 2013. Dr. Kao holds
Ph.D. and MS degrees in Electrical Engineering from the University of Tennessee and a BS degree in Electrical Engineering from
National Taiwan University. 

   

 Clifton A. Pemble ,
age 49, has served as a director of Garmin Ltd. since August 2004. He has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Garmin
Ltd. since January 2013. Previously, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Garmin Ltd. from October 2007 to December
2012. Previously, he was Vice President, Engineering of Garmin International, Inc. from 2005 to October 2007, Director of Engineering
of Garmin International, Inc. from 2003 to 2005, and Software Engineering Manager of Garmin International, Inc. from 1995 to 2002
and a Software Engineer with Garmin International, Inc. from 1989 to 1995. Mr. Pemble has served as a director and officer of various
Garmin subsidiaries since August 2003. Mr. Pemble holds BA degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science from MidAmerica Nazarene
University. 

   

 Douglas G. Boessen ,
age 52, has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Garmin Ltd. since July 2014. He previously served as Chief Financial
Officer of EiKO Global, LLC from September 2013 to May 2014, as well as Collective Brands, Inc. from November 1997 to November
2012. Mr. Boessen has served as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since July 2014. Mr. Boessen is a certified
public accountant and holds a BS degree in Business from the University of Central Missouri and is a graduate of the executive
development program at Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 

   

 Andrew R. Etkind ,
age 59, has served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Garmin Ltd. since June 2009. He was previously General Counsel
and Secretary of Garmin Ltd. from August 2000 to June 2009. He has been Vice President and General Counsel of Garmin International,
Inc. since July 2007, General Counsel since February 1998, and Secretary since October 1998. Mr. Etkind has served as a director
and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since December 2001. Mr. Etkind holds BA, MA and LLM degrees from Cambridge University,
England and a JD degree from the University of Michigan Law School. 

   

 All executive officers
are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors. None of the executive officers have an employment
agreement with the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings between the executive officers and any other person pursuant
to which he or she was or is to be selected as an officer. There is no family relationship among any of the executive officers.
Dr. Min H. Kao is the brother of Ruey-Jeng Kao, who is a supervisor of Garmin Corporation, Garmin’s Taiwan subsidiary, who
serves as an ex-officio member of Garmin Corporation’s Board of Directors. 

   


 
     37 
       
     

   

 PART II 

   

 Item 5. Market for the Company’s Common Shares, Related
Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   

 Garmin’s common
shares have traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “GRMN” since its initial public offering on December
8, 2000 (the “IPO”). As of January 25, 2015, there were 196 shareholders of record. 

   

 The high and low sales
prices of Garmin’s common shares as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market for each fiscal quarter of fiscal years 2014 and
2013 was as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27, 2014     
     December 28, 2013   
 
         
     High     
     Low     
     High     
     Low   
 
     First Quarter   
     $ 56.02     
     $ 43.63     
     $ 42.25     
     $ 32.97   
 
     Second Quarter   
     $ 61.24     
     $ 54.24     
     $ 36.88     
     $ 32.60   
 
     Third Quarter   
     $ 61.69     
     $ 50.75     
     $ 45.42     
     $ 34.96   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 59.63     
     $ 49.35     
     $ 49.33     
     $ 45.70   
 

   

   

 On June 6, 2014 the
shareholders approved a cash dividend in the amount of $1.92 per share out of Garmin’s general reserves from capital contribution
payable in four equal installments. The board anticipated the scheduling of the dividend as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2014   
     June 17, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     September 30, 2014   
     September 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     December 31, 2014   
     December 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     March 31, 2015   
     March 16, 2015   
     $ 0.48   
 

   

 The Company paid the
2014 dividends in accordance with the schedule above and expects to pay the March 31, 2015 dividend. In addition, Garmin currently
expects to pay a quarterly cash dividend in the remaining three quarters of 2015. The decision of whether to pay a dividend and
the amount of the dividend will be voted on by the Company’s shareholders as required by Swiss law. 

   

 On June 7, 2013, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $1.80 per share (of which, $0.90 was paid in the Company's 2013 fiscal year) payable in four
equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 28, 2013   
     June 18, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     September 30, 2013   
     September 16, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     December 31, 2013   
     December 16, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     March 31, 2014   
     March 17, 2014   
     $ 0.45   
 

   

 The Board of Directors
approved a share repurchase program on February 12, 2010, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the Company’s
shares as market and business conditions warrant. This share repurchase authorization expired on December 29, 2012. 

   

 The Board of Directors
approved a share repurchase program on February 15, 2013, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the Company’s
shares as market and business conditions warrant. The share repurchase authorization expired on December 31, 2014. See Footnote
11 for additional information regarding the share repurchase plan. 

   


 
     38 
       
     

   

 We refer you to Item
12 of this report under the caption “Equity Compensation Plan Information” for certain equity plan information required
to be disclosed by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

   

 The following table
sets forth selected consolidated financial data of the Company. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 27,
2014 and December 28, 2013 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 27, 2014, December
28, 2013, and December 29, 2012 were derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements and the related
notes thereto which are included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as
of December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011, and December 25, 2010 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years
ended December 31, 2011 and December 25, 2010 were derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements,
not included herein. 

   

 The information set
forth below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations and should be read together with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and notes
to those statements included in Items 7 and 8 in Part II of this Form 10-K. 

   


 
     39 
       
     

   



 
 

   

 
 
         
     Years ended (1)   
 
         
     Dec. 27, 2014     
     Dec. 28, 2013     
     Dec. 29, 2012     
     Dec. 31, 2011 (2)     
     Dec. 25, 2010   
 
         
           
     (in thousands, except per share data)   
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income Data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 2,870,658     
     $ 2,631,851     
     $ 2,715,675     
     $ 2,758,569     
     $ 2,689,911   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       1,266,246     
       1,224,551     
       1,277,195     
       1,419,977     
       1,343,537   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,604,412     
       1,407,300     
       1,438,480     
       1,338,592     
       1,346,374   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       146,633     
       112,905     
       138,757     
       145,024     
       144,613   
 
     Selling, general and administrative   
       372,032     
       355,440     
       369,790     
       341,217     
       287,824   
 
     Research and development   
       395,121     
       364,923     
       325,773     
       298,584     
       277,261   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       913,786     
       833,268     
       834,320     
       784,825     
       709,698   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
       690,626     
       574,032     
       604,160     
       553,767     
       636,676   
 
     Other income(expense), net (3)(4)   
       33,119     
       79,526     
       20,368     
       30,394     
       (59,404 ) 
 
     Income before income taxes   
       723,745     
       653,558     
       624,528     
       584,161     
       577,272   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Income tax provision(benefit) (5)(6)   
       359,534     
       41,146     
       82,125     
       63,265     
       (7,331 ) 
 
     Net income   
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403     
     $ 520,896     
     $ 584,603   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net income per share:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13     
     $ 2.78     
     $ 2.68     
     $ 2.97   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12     
     $ 2.76     
     $ 2.67     
     $ 2.95   
 
     Weighted average common shares outstanding:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       193,106     
       195,411     
       194,909     
       194,105     
       196,979   
 
     Diluted   
       194,165     
       196,341     
       196,213     
       194,894     
       198,009   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared per share   
     $ 1.92     
     $ 1.80     
     $ 1.80     
     $ 1.60     
     $ 1.50   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Balance Sheet Data (at end of Period):   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149     
     $ 1,231,180     
     $ 1,287,160     
     $ 1,260,936   
 
     Marketable securities   
       1,575,333     
       1,651,968     
       1,641,395     
       1,208,155     
       801,819   
 
     Total assets   
       4,693,303     
       4,879,603     
       4,819,124     
       4,471,338     
       3,988,688   
 
     Total debt   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Total stockholders' equity   
       3,403,367     
       3,659,706     
       3,531,796     
       3,256,581     
       3,049,562   
 



   

 

   

   

 
 (1) Our
                                         fiscal year-end is the last Saturday of the calendar year and does not always fall on
                                         December 31. All years presented contain 52 weeks excluding Fiscal 2011 which includes
                                         53 weeks. 
 

 
 (2) Includes
                                         a change in estimate for per unit revenue and cost deferrals. The increase to net sales,
                                         gross profit, net income, basic net income per share and diluted net income per share
                                         was $77.8 million, $66.5 million, $59.3 million, $0.31, and $0.30, respectively. 
 

 
 (3) Other
                                         income/(expense), net mainly consists of gain and/or loss on sale of equity securities,
                                         interest income, interest expense, and foreign currency gain (loss) 
 

 
 (4) Includes
                                         $4.3 million, $20.0 million, $12.1 million, and $88.4 million foreign currency losses
                                         in 2014, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and $35.5 million foreign currency gain in
                                         2013. 
 

 
 (5) 2014
                                         – $72.9 million material income tax reserve release due to expiration of certain
                                         statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits partially offset by Swiss withholding
                                         tax expense due to the release of reserves; 2013 - $68.7 million material income tax
                                         reserve release due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of
                                         tax audits partially offset by Taiwan surtax expense due to the release of reserves;
                                         and 2010 - $98.7 million material income tax reserve release due to expiration of certain
                                         statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits partially offset by an audit settlement
                                         in the US and Taiwan surtax expense due to the release of reserves. 
 

 
 (6) Includes
                                         a $307.6 million income tax expense in 2014 associated with our inter-company restructuring.
                                         See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 

   


 
     40 
       
     

   

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

   

 The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations focuses on and is intended to clarify the results of our operations,
certain changes in our financial position, liquidity, capital structure and business developments for the periods covered by the
consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. This discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified
by reference to, the other related information including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated financial statements (including
the notes thereto), the description of our business, all as set forth in this Form 10-K, as well as the risk factors discussed
above in Item 1A. 

   

 As previously noted, the
discussion set forth below, as well as other portions of this Form 10-K, contain statements concerning potential future events.
Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs as “expects,” “anticipates,”
“believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. If any of our assumptions on which the statements are based
prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, our actual results could materially differ from those anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including,
but not limited to, those discussed above in Item 1A. Readers are strongly encouraged to consider those factors when evaluating
any such forward-looking statement. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. 

   

 Garmin’s fiscal
year is a 52-53 week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 contained 52 weeks.
Unless otherwise stated, all years and dates refer to the Company’s fiscal year and fiscal periods. Unless the context otherwise
requires, references in this document to "we," "us," "our" and similar terms refer to Garmin Ltd.
and its subsidiaries. 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated,
dollar amounts set forth in the tables are in thousands, except per share data. 

   

 Overview 

   

 We are a leading worldwide
provider of navigation, communications and information devices, most of which are enabled by Global Positioning System, or GPS,
technology. We operate in five business segments, which serve the marine, outdoor, fitness, automotive/mobile, and aviation markets.
Our segments offer products through our network of subsidiary distributors and independent dealers and distributors. However,
the nature of products and types of customers for the five segments can vary significantly. As such, the segments are managed
separately. 

   

 Since our first products
were delivered in 1991, we have generated positive income from operations each year and have funded our growth from these profits. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

   

 General 

   

 Garmin’s discussion
and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon Garmin’s consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The presentation of
these financial statements requires Garmin to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, Garmin evaluates its
estimates, including those related to customer sales programs and incentives, product returns, bad debts, inventories, investments,
intangible assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, and contingencies and litigation. Garmin bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

   


 
     41 
       
     

   

 For information on each of the following critical
accounting policies and/or estimates, refer to the discussion in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as indicated
in the table below: 

   

 
 
     Revenue Recognition 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant
    Accounting Policies 
 
     Trade Accounts Receivable 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies 
 
     Loan Receivable 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies 
 
     Warranties 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies 
 
     Inventory 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies 
 
     Investments 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies & Note 3 - Marketable Securities 
 
     Income Taxes 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies & Note 6 - Income Taxes 
 
     Stock Based Compensation 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies & Note 9 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 
   

 Accounting Terms and Characteristics 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 Our net sales are primarily
generated through sales to our retail partners, dealer and distributor network and to original equipment manufacturers. Refer
to the Revenue Recognition discussion in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   Our
sales are largely of a consumer nature; therefore, backlog levels are not necessarily indicative of our future sales results.
We aim to achieve a quick turnaround on orders we receive, and we typically ship most orders within 72 hours. 

   

 Net sales are subject
to seasonal fluctuation. Typically, sales of our consumer products are highest in the second quarter, due to increased demand
during the spring and summer season, and in the fourth quarter, due to increased demand during the holiday buying season. Our
aviation products do not experience much seasonal variation, but are more influenced by the timing of aircraft certifications
and the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest. 

   

 Cost
of Sales/Gross Profit 

   

 	Raw material costs
are our most significant component of cost of goods sold. Our existing practice of performing the design and manufacture of our
products in-house has enabled us to source components from different suppliers and, where possible, to redesign our products to
leverage lower cost components. We believe that our flexible production model allows our Xizhi, Jhongli, and LinKou manufacturing
plants in Taiwan, our Olathe, Kansas, and Salem, Oregon manufacturing plants to experience relatively low costs of manufacturing.
In general, products manufactured in Taiwan have been our highest volume products. Our manufacturing labor costs historically
have been lower in Taiwan than in Olathe and Salem. 

   

 Sales price variability
has had and can be expected to have an effect on our gross profit. In the past, prices of our devices sold into the automotive/mobile
market have declined due to market pressures and introduction of new products sold at lower price points. In recent years, pricing
has stabilized in automotive/mobile allowing for stable to improving gross margins. The average selling prices of our aviation,
outdoor, fitness, and marine products have historically been stable due to product mix and the introduction of more advanced products
sold at higher prices. In 2014, fitness pricing declined due to high volumes of lower-priced activity trackers. The effect of
the sales price differences inherent within the mix of products sold could have a significant impact on our gross profit. 

   


 
     42 
       
     

   

 Advertising Expense 

   

 Our advertising expenses
consist of costs for media advertising, cooperative advertising with our retail partners, point of sale displays, and sponsorships. 

   

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

   

 Our selling, general and administrative expenses
consist primarily of: 

   

 

 
 · salaries
                                         for sales and marketing personnel; 

 
 · salaries
                                         and related costs for executives and administrative personnel; 

 
 · marketing,
                                         and other brand building costs; 

 
 · accounting
                                         and legal costs; 

 
 · information
                                         systems and infrastructure costs; 

 
 · travel
                                         and related costs; and 

 
 · occupancy
                                         and other overhead costs. 



   

 Research and Development 

   

 The majority of our research
and development costs represent salaries for our engineers, costs for high technology components and costs of test equipment used
in product and prototype development. Approximately 82% of the research and development of our products is performed in North
America. 

   

 We are committed to increasing
the level of innovative design and development of new products as we strive for expanded ability to serve our existing consumer
and aviation markets as well as new markets for active lifestyle products. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 We have experienced a
relatively low effective corporate tax rate due to the proportion of our revenue generated by entities in tax jurisdictions with
low statutory rates. In particular, the profit entitlement afforded our Swiss-based companies based on their intellectual property
rights ownership of our consumer products along with tax incentives offered by the Taiwanese government on certain high-technology
capital investments have continued to reduce our tax rate. We have taken advantage of the tax benefit in Taiwan since our inception
and we expect to continue to benefit from lower effective tax rates at least through 2015. 

   


 
     43 
       
     

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 The following table sets
forth our results of operations as a percentage of net sales during the periods shown (the table may not foot due to rounding): 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Years Ended   
 
         
     Dec. 27,     
     Dec. 28,     
     Dec. 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net sales   
       100 %   
       100 %   
       100 % 
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       44 %   
       47 %   
       47 % 
 
     Gross profit   
       56 %   
       53 %   
       53 % 
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
           
 
     Advertising   
       5 %   
       4 %   
       5 % 
 
     Selling, general and administrative   
       13 %   
       14 %   
       14 % 
 
     Research and development   
       14 %   
       14 %   
       12 % 
 
     Total operating expenses   
       32 %   
       32 %   
       31 % 
 
     Operating income   
       24 %   
       22 %   
       22 % 
 
     Other income / (expense) , net   
       1 %   
       3 %   
       1 % 
 
     Income before income taxes   
       25 %   
       25 %   
       23 % 
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       13 %   
       2 %   
       3 % 
 
     Net income   
       13 %   
       23 %   
       20 % 
 




   

 The following table sets
forth our results of operations through income before income taxes for each of our five segments during the period shown. For
each line item in the table the total of the segments’ amounts equals the amount in the consolidated statements of income
data included in Item 6. 

   


 
     44 
       
     

   

 
 
         
           
           
           
     Automotive/     
         
 
     Fiscal year ended December 27, 2014   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Mobile     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 427,555     
     $ 568,440     
     $ 248,371     
     $ 1,240,377     
     $ 385,915   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       161,005     
       210,153     
       118,661     
       670,925     
       105,502   
 
     Gross profit   
       266,550     
       358,287     
       129,710     
       569,452     
       280,413   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       28,650     
       52,606     
       12,353     
       46,245     
       6,779   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       57,098     
       75,747     
       42,975     
       172,754     
       23,458   
 
     Research and development expense   
       29,747     
       39,252     
       48,150     
       134,774     
       143,198   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       115,495     
       167,605     
       103,478     
       353,773     
       173,435   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
       151,055     
       190,682     
       26,232     
       215,679     
       106,978   
 
     Other income(expense), net   
       1,891     
       6,089     
       3,885     
       20,365     
       889   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Income before income taxes   
     $ 152,946     
     $ 196,771     
     $ 30,117     
     $ 236,044     
     $ 107,867   
 


   

 
 
         
           
           
           
     Automotive/     
         
 
     Fiscal year ended December 28, 2013   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Mobile     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 410,989     
     $ 356,283     
     $ 222,928     
     $ 1,302,314     
     $ 339,337   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       148,460     
       133,358     
       107,837     
       737,231     
       97,665   
 
     Gross profit   
       262,529     
       222,925     
       115,091     
       565,083     
       241,672   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       19,805     
       24,153     
       11,435     
       52,478     
       5,034   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       59,058     
       50,765     
       38,578     
       187,449     
       19,590   
 
     Research and development expense   
       24,469     
       27,757     
       46,585     
       136,639     
       129,473   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       103,332     
       102,675     
       96,598     
       376,566     
       154,097   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
       159,197     
       120,250     
       18,493     
       188,517     
       87,575   
 
     Other income(expense), net   
       9,352     
       11,161     
       7,500     
       46,005     
       5,508   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Income before income taxes   
     $ 168,549     
     $ 131,411     
     $ 25,993     
     $ 234,522     
     $ 93,083   
 



   

 
 
         
           
           
           
     Automotive/     
         
 
     Fiscal year ended December 29, 2012   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Mobile     
     Aviation   
 
         
         
         
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 401,747     
     $ 321,788     
     $ 208,136     
     $ 1,492,440     
     $ 291,564   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       141,183     
       117,173     
       82,935     
       849,527     
       86,377   
 
     Gross profit   
       260,564     
       204,615     
       125,201     
       642,913     
       205,187   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       20,812     
       25,322     
       14,804     
       72,817     
       5,002   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       54,535     
       43,943     
       33,540     
       220,669     
       17,103   
 
     Research and development expense   
       20,606     
       23,543     
       42,857     
       128,661     
       110,106   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       95,953     
       92,808     
       91,201     
       422,147     
       132,211   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
       164,611     
       111,807     
       34,000     
       220,766     
       72,976   
 
     Other income(expense), net   
       3,123     
       2,467     
       1,725     
       10,852     
       2,201   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Income before income taxes   
     $ 167,734     
     $ 114,274     
     $ 35,725     
     $ 231,618     
     $ 75,177   
 




   


 
     45 
       
     

   

 Comparison of 52-Weeks Ended December 27, 2014 and December
28, 2013 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 427,555     
       15 %   
     $ 410,989     
       16 %   
     $ 16,566     
       4 % 
 
     Fitness   
       568,440     
       20 %   
       356,283     
       14 %   
       212,157     
       60 % 
 
     Marine   
       248,371     
       9 %   
       222,928     
       8 %   
       25,443     
       11 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       1,240,377     
       43 %   
       1,302,314     
       49 %   
       (61,937 )   
       -5 % 
 
     Aviation   
       385,915     
       13 %   
       339,337     
       13 %   
       46,578     
       14 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 2,870,658     
       100 %   
     $ 2,631,851     
       100 %   
     $ 238,807     
       9 % 
 

   

 Net sales increased 9%
in 2014 when compared to the year-ago period. All segments, excluding automotive/mobile, grew in the fiscal year 2014. Automotive/mobile
revenue remains the largest portion of our revenue mix at 43% in the fiscal year 2014 compared to 49% in the fiscal year 2013. 

   

 Total unit sales increased
9% to 15.1 million units in 2014 from 13.9 million units in 2013. The increase in unit sales volume was attributable to growth
in all segments except automotive/mobile which had volume decline due to penetration rates and competing technologies. 

   

 Automotive/mobile segment
revenue decreased 5% from fiscal year 2013, as a 10% volume decline and slight average selling price (ASP) decline, were partially
offset by amortization of previously deferred revenue exceeding current period revenue deferrals and increased auto OEM contributions.
Revenues in our fitness segment increased 60% from fiscal year 2013 on the strength of wellness products first introduced in 2014,
and recent biking and running product introductions. Aviation revenues increased 14% from fiscal year 2013 as both OEM market
share gains and aftermarket strength contributed to growth. Outdoor revenues increased 4% from fiscal year 2013 primarily due
to strong sales of fēnix 2 and our lineup of dog tracking and training products, offset by declining sales of our handheld
products which serve a mature industry. Revenues in our marine segment increased 11% due to both the recent acquisition of Fusion
Electronics as well as new product introductions. This growth was partially offset by a competitive pricing environment in the
global marine electronics industry. 

   

 The Company anticipates
revenue of $2.9 billion in 2015 driven by growth in the fitness, aviation and marine segments offset by ongoing declines in the
automotive/mobile segment. In general, management believes that continuous innovation and the introduction of new products are
essential for future revenue growth. 

   

 Cost of Goods Sold 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 161,005     
       38 %   
     $ 148,460     
       36 %   
     $ 12,545     
       8 % 
 
     Fitness   
       210,153     
       37 %   
       133,358     
       37 %   
       76,795     
       58 % 
 
     Marine   
       118,661     
       48 %   
       107,837     
       48 %   
       10,824     
       10 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       670,925     
       54 %   
       737,231     
       57 %   
       (66,306 )   
       -9 % 
 
     Aviation   
       105,502     
       27 %   
       97,665     
       29 %   
       7,837     
       8 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,266,246     
       44 %   
     $ 1,224,551     
       47 %   
     $ 41,695     
       3 % 
 

   

 Cost of goods sold increased
3% in absolute dollars for fiscal year 2014 when compared to fiscal year 2013. The increase was driven by growth in all segments
excluding automotive/mobile. Fitness and marine cost of goods increased in-line with sales growth as described above with gross
margins stable year-over-year. Outdoor cost of goods increased due to sales growth with gross margin contraction driven by product
mix. 

   


 
     46 
       
     

   

 As a percentage of revenue,
cost of goods sold decreased 240 basis points from fiscal year 2013 with improvement or stability in each segment, excluding outdoor
as mentioned above. The automotive/mobile cost of goods improvement as a percent of revenues was primarily due to benefit from
the amortization of previously deferred revenue and costs exceeding new deferrals on current period sales in 2014. Aviation margin
improvement was primarily due to increased contribution of software sales which carry a higher margin. 

   

 Management believes that
cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales will be relatively stable in 2015 given the growth in segments with higher margin
profiles than corporate average, product mix within those segments and current component pricing. 

   

 Gross Profit 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 266,550     
       62 %   
     $ 262,529     
       64 %   
     $ 4,021     
       2 % 
 
     Fitness   
       358,287     
       63 %   
       222,925     
       63 %   
       135,362     
       61 % 
 
     Marine   
       129,710     
       52 %   
       115,091     
       52 %   
       14,619     
       13 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       569,452     
       46 %   
       565,083     
       43 %   
       4,369     
       1 % 
 
     Aviation   
       280,413     
       73 %   
       241,672     
       71 %   
       38,741     
       16 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,604,412     
       56 %   
     $ 1,407,300     
       53 %   
     $ 197,112     
       14 % 
 

   

 Gross profit dollars in
fiscal year 2014 increased 14% while gross profit margin increased 240 basis points compared to fiscal year 2013 with all segments
stable or improving, excluding outdoor. The automotive/mobile, fitness, marine and aviation segments recorded improved gross margins,
as discussed above. Outdoor gross profit margins declined, as discussed above. 

   

 Management believes that
total company gross margins will be relatively stable in 2015 as discussed above.  

   

 Advertising Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
         
 
         
     Advertising     
           
     Advertising     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 28,650     
       7 %   
     $ 19,805     
       5 %   
     $ 8,845     
       45 % 
 
     Fitness   
       52,606     
       9 %   
       24,153     
       7 %   
       28,453     
       118 % 
 
     Marine   
       12,353     
       5 %   
       11,435     
       5 %   
       918     
       8 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       46,245     
       4 %   
       52,478     
       4 %   
       (6,233 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       6,779     
       2 %   
       5,034     
       1 %   
       1,745     
       35 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 146,633     
       5 %   
     $ 112,905     
       4 %   
     $ 33,728     
       30 % 
 

   

 Advertising expense increased
30% in absolute dollars while increasing 80 basis points as a percent of revenues. The increase in absolute dollars occurred primarily
in outdoor and fitness to support new product introductions and was partially offset by decreased spending in automotive/mobile
due to reduced cooperative advertising associated with lower volumes. Aviation advertising increased materially due to increased
cooperative advertising efforts with our dealers. 

   

 Management expects to
decrease advertising as a percentage of sales in 2015 due to continued benefit from the 2014 advertising increase. 

   


 
     47 
       
     

   

 Selling, General and
Administrative Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
         
 
         
     Selling, General &     
           
     Selling, General &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 57,098     
       13 %   
     $ 59,058     
       14 %   
     $ (1,960 )   
       -3 % 
 
     Fitness   
       75,747     
       13 %   
       50,765     
       14 %   
       24,982     
       49 % 
 
     Marine   
       42,975     
       17 %   
       38,578     
       17 %   
       4,397     
       11 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       172,754     
       14 %   
       187,449     
       14 %   
       (14,695 )   
       -8 % 
 
     Aviation   
       23,458     
       6 %   
       19,590     
       6 %   
       3,868     
       20 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 372,032     
       13 %   
     $ 355,440     
       14 %   
     $ 16,592     
       5 % 
 

   

 Selling, general and administrative
expense increased 5% in absolute dollars and declined 50 basis points as a percent of revenues compared to fiscal year 2013. The
absolute dollar increase is primarily related to product support, information technology costs and legal costs specific to marine
litigation. The aviation increase was primarily driven by product support costs. Other variances by segment, excluding aviation,
are primarily due to the allocation of certain selling, general and administrative expenses based on percentage of total revenues. 

   

 Management expects selling,
general and administrative expenses to increase slightly as a percentage of sales in 2015. 

   

 Research and Development Expense 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
         
 
         
     Research &     
           
     Research &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 29,747     
       7 %   
     $ 24,469     
       6 %   
     $ 5,278     
       22 % 
 
     Fitness   
       39,252     
       7 %   
       27,757     
       8 %   
       11,495     
       41 % 
 
     Marine   
       48,150     
       19 %   
       46,585     
       21 %   
       1,565     
       3 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       134,774     
       11 %   
       136,639     
       10 %   
       (1,865 )   
       -1 % 
 
     Aviation   
       143,198     
       37 %   
       129,473     
       38 %   
       13,725     
       11 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 395,121     
       14 %   
     $ 364,923     
       14 %   
     $ 30,198     
       8 % 
 

   

 Research and development
expense increased 8% due to ongoing development activities for new products and the addition of over 200 new engineering personnel
to our staff since the fiscal year 2013. In absolute dollars, research and development costs increased $30.2 million when compared
with fiscal year 2013 and decreased 10 basis points as a percent of revenue. Fitness, outdoor and aviation increased to support
new product initiatives. Automotive/mobile investment declined due to efforts to allocate research and development spending to
areas with the highest growth potential. 

   

 Management believes that
one of the key strategic initiatives for future growth and success of Garmin is continuous innovation, development, and introduction
of new products. Management expects that its research and development expenses will increase during fiscal 2015 on an absolute
dollar basis and as a percent of revenue in order to deliver innovative new products and technologies. 

   


 
     48 
       
     

   

 Operating Income 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     52-weeks ended Dec 28, 2013     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 151,055     
       35 %   
     $ 159,197     
       39 %   
     $ (8,142 )   
       -5 % 
 
     Fitness   
       190,682     
       34 %   
       120,250     
       34 %   
       70,432     
       59 % 
 
     Marine   
       26,232     
       11 %   
       18,493     
       8 %   
       7,739     
       42 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       215,679     
       17 %   
       188,517     
       14 %   
       27,162     
       14 % 
 
     Aviation   
       106,978     
       28 %   
       87,575     
       26 %   
       19,403     
       22 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 690,626     
       24 %   
     $ 574,032     
       22 %   
     $ 116,594     
       20 % 
 

   

 As a result of the above,
operating income increased 20% in absolute dollars and 220 basis points as a percent of revenue when compared to the fiscal year
2013. Revenue growth and an improving gross margin percentage, as discussed above, contributed to the growth. By segment results
are discussed above. 

   

 Other Income (Expense) 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     December 27, 2014     
     December 28, 2013   
 
     Interest Income   
     $ 35,584     
       35,271   
 
     Foreign Currency gains(losses)   
       (4,299 )   
       35,538   
 
     Other   
       1,834     
       8,717   
 
     Total   
     $ 33,119     
     $ 79,526   
 

   

 The average return on
cash and investments during the fiscal years of 2014 and 2013 were 1.3% and 1.4%, respectively. The slight increase in interest
income was offset by fewer capital gains on investments in 2014, which is recorded as Other income. 

   

 Foreign currency gains
and losses for the Company are primarily tied to movements by the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro, and the British Pound Sterling in relation
to the U.S. Dollar. The Taiwan Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation. The U.S. Dollar remains the functional
currency of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. The Euro is the functional currency of most European subsidiaries. As these entities have grown,
currency fluctuations can generate material gains and losses. Additionally, Euro-based inter-company transactions can also generate
currency gains and losses. Due to the relative size of the entities using a functional currency other than the Taiwan Dollar,
the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations related to these entities are not expected to have a material impact
on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 The majority of the $4.3
million currency loss in the fiscal year 2014 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and the British
Pound Sterling. The strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar contributed an offsetting gain. The movements
of the Taiwan Dollar and Euro/British Pound Sterling have offsetting impacts when the currencies move congruently against the
U.S. Dollar due to the use of the Taiwan Dollar for manufacturing costs and cash held in non-functional currency while the Euro
and British Pound Sterling transactions relate primarily to revenue. During fiscal year 2014, the U.S. Dollar strengthened 11.4%
compared to the Euro and 5.5% compared to the British Pound Sterling resulting in a net loss of $43.7 million. This was more than
offset as the U.S. Dollar strengthened 5.5% compared to the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a gain of $44.8 million. The remaining
net currency loss of $5.4 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 

   

 The majority of the $35.5
million currency gain in 2013 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar. The weakening of
the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and British Pound Sterling contributed additional gains. During 2013, the U.S. Dollar weakened
4.1% and 2.2%, respectively, relative to the Euro and British Pound Sterling resulting in a foreign currency gain of $7.5 million
in Garmin Ltd. and our European subsidiaries.  The U.S. Dollar strengthened 3.3% against the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a
$30.2 million foreign currency gain due to the fluctuation of asset balances throughout the year.  The net result of these
currency moves combined with other losses of $2.1 million, and the timing of transactions during the year was a net gain of $35.5
million for the Company. 

   


 
     49 
       
     

   

 Income Tax Provision 

   

 Our income tax expense
increased by $318.4 million, to $359.5 million for the fiscal year 2014, from $41.1 million for the fiscal year 2013.  Contributing
to the significant increase were: 

   

 
 · tax
                                         expense of $307.6 million associated with the inter-company restructuring discussed below, 

 
 · expiration
                                         of certain Taiwan tax holidays and  

 
 · research
                                         and development tax credits of $6.3 million related to 2012 which were recognized when
                                         the related legislation was enacted in January 2013. 

   

 Partially offset by favorable impacts including: 

   

 
 · release
                                         of uncertain tax position reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations
                                         or completion of tax audits of $83.9 million in fiscal year 2014 compared to releases
                                         of $79.9 million in fiscal year 2013. 

   

 In
the third quarter of 2014, the Company initiated an inter-company restructuring that realigned our corporate entity structure. 
This change in corporate structure provides access to historical earnings that were previously permanently reinvested and allows
us to efficiently repatriate future earnings.  As a result of the change in corporate structure, Garmin recorded tax expense
of $307,635.    The first cash tax payment of $78,137 associated
with the restructuring was made in the third quarter of 2014.  We anticipate paying approximately $185,000 in the second
quarter of 2015.  The remainder of the accrued tax will be paid incrementally as the cash is repatriated. 

   

 The Company expects the effective income tax rate to
be between 16-17% in 2015. 

   

 Net Income (Loss) 

   

 As a result of the various
factors noted above, net income decreased 41% to $364.2 million for the fiscal year 2014 compared to $612.4 million for fiscal
year 2013. 

   

 Comparison of 52-Weeks Ended December 28, 2013 and December
29, 2012 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended
    December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended
    December 29, 2012     
     Year over
    Year   
 
         
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 410,989     
       16 %   
     $ 401,747     
       15 %   
     $ 9,242     
       2 % 
 
     Fitness   
       356,283     
       14 %   
       321,788     
       12 %   
       34,495     
       11 % 
 
     Marine   
       222,928     
       8 %   
       208,136     
       7 %   
       14,792     
       7 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       1,302,314     
       49 %   
       1,492,440     
       55 %   
       (190,126 )   
       -13 % 
 
     Aviation   
       339,337     
       13 %   
       291,564     
       11 %   
       47,773     
       16 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 2,631,851     
       100 %   
     $ 2,715,675     
       100 %   
     $ (83,824 )   
       -3 % 
 

   

 Net sales decreased 3%
in 2013 when compared to the year-ago period. The decrease was driven by the automotive/mobile segment which posted a 13% decline
with offsetting growth in outdoor, fitness, marine and aviation. Automotive/mobile revenue remains the largest portion of our
revenue mix at 49% in 2013, compared to 55% in 2012. 

   


 
     50 
       
     

   

 Total unit sales decreased
10% to 13.9 million units in 2013 from 15.4 million units in 2012. The decrease in unit sales volume was attributable to reduced
automotive/mobile volumes due to penetration rates and competing technologies. This decline was partially offset by growth in
each of the other segments. 

   

 Automotive/mobile segment
revenue decreased 13% from the year-ago period, as volumes decreased 17% partially offset by average selling price (ASP) improvement
due to the amortization of previously deferred revenue exceeding current year revenue deferrals in 2013 and increased auto OEM
contribution with a higher ASP. 

   

 Aviation revenues increased
16% from the year-ago period as the OEM market improved in some aircraft categories, as well as contribution from recent share
gains and aftermarket products. Fitness revenues increased 11% on the strength of our cycling products, power meter, and the Forerunner
10 with strong volume growth partially offset by reduced ASPs associated with the Forerunner 10. Revenues in our marine segment
increased 7% as new product introductions were partially offset by a weak first quarter when we discounted many products in advance
of new products and a global marine electronics industry that continues to be weak due to macroeconomic instability. 

   

 Cost of Goods Sold 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended December 29, 2012     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 148,460     
       36 %   
     $ 141,183     
       35 %   
     $ 7,277     
       5 % 
 
     Fitness   
       133,358     
       37 %   
       117,173     
       36 %   
       16,185     
       14 % 
 
     Marine   
       107,837     
       48 %   
       82,935     
       40 %   
       24,902     
       30 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       737,231     
       57 %   
       849,527     
       57 %   
       (112,296 )   
       -13 % 
 
     Aviation   
       97,665     
       29 %   
       86,377     
       30 %   
       11,288     
       13 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,224,551     
       47 %   
     $ 1,277,195     
       47 %   
     $ (52,644 )   
       -4 % 
 

   

 Cost of goods sold decreased
4% when compared to the year ago period. As a percentage of revenue, cost of goods sold decreased 50 basis points from the year
ago period. Cost of goods as a percentage of revenue for outdoor and fitness were negatively impacted by product mix and slight
ASP declines. Cost of goods as a percentage of revenues increased by 850 basis points in marine due to significant pricing discounts
on legacy inventory in the first half of 2013, competitive pricing dynamics on new products and rising component costs. The automotive/mobile
segment recorded a 13% decline in cost of goods in absolute dollars as revenues declined 13%. Cost of goods as a percentage of
revenues for the automotive/mobile segment decreased by 30 basis points as the effect of a $21 million one-time royalty fee benefit
related to license fee overpayments recorded in the second quarter of 2012 was offset by the benefit from the amortization of
previously deferred high margin revenue and the associated costs exceeding new deferrals on current period sales in 2013. The
aviation segment experienced an absolute dollar cost of goods sold increase generally commensurate with the sales increase discussed
above. 

   

 Gross Profit 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended December 29, 2012     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 262,529     
       64 %   
     $ 260,564     
       65 %   
     $ 1,965     
       1 % 
 
     Fitness   
       222,925     
       63 %   
       204,615     
       64 %   
       18,310     
       9 % 
 
     Marine   
       115,091     
       52 %   
       125,201     
       60 %   
       (10,110 )   
       -8 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       565,083     
       43 %   
       642,913     
       43 %   
       (77,830 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       241,672     
       71 %   
       205,187     
       70 %   
       36,485     
       18 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,407,300     
       53 %   
     $ 1,438,480     
       53 %   
     $ (31,180 )   
       -2 % 
 

   

 Gross profit dollars in
2013 decreased 2% while gross profit margin increased 50 basis points compared to 2012 driven primarily by the automotive/mobile
and aviation segments. The automotive/mobile gross margin was stable at 43% as the royalty benefit recorded in the second quarter
of 2012 was offset by increased amortization of previously deferred high margin revenues in 2013, as discussed above. The gross
profit margin percentage for the marine segment declined by 850 basis points as discussed above. 


 
     51 
       
     

     

 Advertising Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended December 29, 2012     
           
         
 
         
     Advertising     
           
     Advertising     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 19,805     
       5 %   
     $ 20,812     
       5 %   
     $ (1,007 )   
       -5 % 
 
     Fitness   
       24,153     
       7 %   
       25,322     
       8 %   
       (1,169 )   
       -5 % 
 
     Marine   
       11,435     
       5 %   
       14,804     
       7 %   
       (3,369 )   
       -23 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       52,478     
       4 %   
       72,817     
       5 %   
       (20,339 )   
       -28 % 
 
     Aviation   
       5,034     
       1 %   
       5,002     
       2 %   
       32     
       1 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 112,905     
       4 %   
     $ 138,757     
       5 %   
     $ (25,852 )   
       -19 % 
 

   

 Advertising expense decreased
19% in absolute dollars and 80 basis points as a percent of revenue compared to the year-ago period. The decrease occurred primarily
in the automotive/mobile and marine segments due to reduced cooperative advertising associated with lower volumes in automotive/mobile
and a newer product line in marine requiring less promotional activity. 

   

 Selling, General and
Administrative Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended December 29, 2012     
         
 
         
     Selling, General &     
           
     Selling, General &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 59,058     
       14 %   
     $ 54,535     
       14 %   
     $ 4,523     
       8 % 
 
     Fitness   
       50,765     
       14 %   
       43,943     
       14 %   
       6,822     
       16 % 
 
     Marine   
       38,578     
       17 %   
       33,540     
       16 %   
       5,038     
       15 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       187,449     
       14 %   
       220,669     
       15 %   
       (33,220 )   
       -15 % 
 
     Aviation   
       19,590     
       6 %   
       17,103     
       6 %   
       2,487     
       15 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 355,440     
       14 %   
     $ 369,790     
       14 %   
     $ (14,350 )   
       -4 % 
 

   

 Selling, general and administrative
expense decreased 4% in absolute dollars and 10 basis points as a percent of revenues compared to the year-ago period. The absolute
dollar decrease is primarily related to reduced legal settlements and legal fees in the automotive/mobile segment. The increase
in aviation is partially related to an increase in bad debt expense. Variances by segment are primarily due to the allocation
of certain selling, general and administrative expenses based on percentage of total revenues. 

   

 Research and Development Expense 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended December 29, 2012     
           
         
 
         
     Research &     
           
     Research &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change      
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 24,469     
       6 %   
     $ 20,606     
       5 %   
     $ 3,863     
       19 % 
 
     Fitness   
       27,757     
       8 %   
       23,543     
       7 %   
       4,214     
       18 % 
 
     Marine   
       46,585     
       21 %   
       42,857     
       21 %   
       3,728     
       9 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       136,639     
       10 %   
       128,661     
       9 %   
       7,978     
       6 % 
 
     Aviation   
       129,473     
       38 %   
       110,106     
       38 %   
       19,367     
       18 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 364,923     
       14 %   
     $ 325,773     
       12 %   
     $ 39,150     
       12 % 
 

   

 Research and development
expense increased 12% due to ongoing development activities for new products and the addition of over 200 new engineering personnel
to our staff since 2012. In absolute dollars, research and development costs increased $39.2 million when compared with 2012 representing
a 190 basis point increase as a percent of revenue. Aviation had the largest increase in absolute dollars as we are investing
heavily in OEM opportunities. Marine and automotive/mobile investment is focused on marine product enhancements and automotive
OEM opportunities, respectively. Within outdoor and fitness, we launched a number of new product categories in 2013. We are also
exploring new categories within these segments. 

   


 
     52 
       
     

     

 Operating Income 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended December 28, 2013     
     52-weeks ended December 29, 2012     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 159,197     
       39 %   
     $ 164,611     
       41 %   
     $ (5,414 )   
       -3 % 
 
     Fitness   
       120,250     
       34 %   
       111,807     
       35 %   
       8,443     
       8 % 
 
     Marine   
       18,493     
       8 %   
       34,000     
       16 %   
       (15,507 )   
       -46 % 
 
     Automotive/Mobile   
       188,517     
       14 %   
       220,766     
       15 %   
       (32,249 )   
       -15 % 
 
     Aviation   
       87,575     
       26 %   
       72,976     
       25 %   
       14,599     
       20 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 574,032     
       22 %   
     $ 604,160     
       22 %   
     $ (30,128 )   
       -5 % 
 

   

 Operating income decreased
5% in absolute dollars and 40 basis points as a percent of revenue when compared to 2012 due to declining revenues and increased
research and development expense offset by a slight improvement in gross margins and cost reductions in advertising and selling,
general and administrative expenses, as discussed above. 

   

 Other Income (Expense) 

    

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     December 28, 2013     
     December 29, 2012   
 
     Interest Income   
     $ 35,271     
     $ 35,108   
 
     Foreign Currency gain(losses)   
       35,538     
       (20,022 ) 
 
     Other   
       8,717     
       5,282   
 
     Total   
     $ 79,526     
     $ 20,368   
 

   

 Other income (expense)
principally consists of interest income and foreign currency exchange gains and losses. Interest income for fiscal 2013 increased
slightly due to increasing cash and marketable securities balances during the year. 

   

 The majority of the $35.5
million currency gain in 2013 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar. The weakening of
the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and British Pound Sterling contributed additional gains. The movements of the Taiwan Dollar
and Euro/British Pound Sterling have offsetting impacts due to the use of the Taiwan Dollar for manufacturing costs and cash held
in non-functional currency while the Euro and British Pound Sterling transactions relate to revenue. During 2013, the U.S. Dollar
weakened 4.1% and 2.2%, respectively, relative to the Euro and British Pound Sterling resulting in a foreign currency gain of
$7.5 million in Garmin Ltd. and our European subsidiaries.  The U.S. Dollar strengthened 3.3% against the Taiwan Dollar resulting
in a $30.2 million foreign currency gain due to the fluctuation of asset balances throughout the year.  The net result of
these currency moves combined with other losses of $2.1 million, and the timing of transactions during the year was a net gain
of $35.5 million for the Company. 

   

 The $20.0 million currency
loss in 2012 was due primarily to weakening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar. During 2012, the U.S. Dollar weakened
3.8% compared to the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a loss of $31.3 million. This was partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening
2.1% and 4.3%, respectively, compared to the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, resulting in a $10.4 million gain. The remaining
net currency gain of $0.8 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 

   

 Income Tax Provision 

   

 Our income tax expense
decreased by $41.0 million, to $41.1 million for the fiscal year 2013, from $82.1 million for the fiscal year 2012.  Contributing
to the significant decrease were: 

   


 
     53 
       
     

   

 ·	       release
of uncertain tax position reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits of
$79.9 million in fiscal year 2013 compared to releases of $13.0 million in fiscal year 2012 and 

 ·	       research
and development tax credits of $6.3 million related to 2012 which were recognized when the related legislation was enacted in
January 2013 

   

 Partially offset by unfavorable
impacts including: 

   

 ·	       unfavorable
income mix across tax jurisdictions and 

 ·	       expiration
of certain Taiwan tax holidays. 

   

 Net Income 

   

 

 As a result of the
various factors noted above, net income increased 13% to $612.4 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to $542.4 million for fiscal
year 2012. 



   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources  

   

 Operating Activities 

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 27,     
     Dec 28,     
     Dec 29,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
     $ 522,711     
     $ 630,084     
     $ 684,745   
 

    

 The $107.4 million decrease in cash provided
by operating activities in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · net
                                         income decreasing by $248.2 million, including the $307.6 million tax expense related
                                         to the inter-company restructuring, as discussed in the Results of Operations section
                                         above 

 
 · accounts
                                         receivable providing $66.0 million less cash primarily due to the increasing sales in
                                         fourth quarter 2014 and timing of collections 

 
 · deferred
                                         revenue/costs providing $58.2 million less working capital benefit due to the increased
                                         amortization of previously deferred revenue/cost as discussed in the Results of Operations
                                         section above and 

 
 · inventories,
                                         net providing $53.9 million less cash primarily due to new product categories and increasing
                                         product demand partially offset by increased reserves for obsolete and slow moving inventories 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · income
                                         taxes payable providing $130.2 million more cash due to the timing of disbursements primarily
                                         related to the inter-company restructuring offset by the release of uncertain tax position
                                         reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of tax
                                         audits  

 
 · the
                                         impact of deferred income taxes providing $81.9 million more cash due primarily to timing
                                         of disbursements partially related to the inter-company restructuring in addition to
                                         the reclassification of withholding taxes from current taxes payable. 

   


 
     54 
       
     

   

 
 · other
                                         current and non-current liabilities providing $48.2 million more cash due to timing of
                                         payments related to royalties and advertising 

 
 · the
                                         impact of increasing unrealized foreign currency losses providing $40.7 million more
                                         cash due primarily to foreign currency rate fluctuations related to our Taiwan operations
                                         which utilize the Taiwan Dollar as their functional currency and specific European operations
                                         which utilize the Euro as their functional currency resulting in translation of assets
                                         and liabilities to U.S. Dollar 

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent assets providing $22.6 million more cash primarily due to timing
                                         of payments associated with advertising and sponsorships 

   

 The $54.7 million decrease in cash provided
by operating activities in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · the
                                         impact of increasing unrealized foreign currency gains providing $80.2 million less cash
                                         due primarily to foreign currency rate fluctuations related to our Taiwan operations
                                         which utilize the Taiwan Dollar as their functional currency resulting in translation
                                         of assets and liabilities to U.S. Dollar 

 
 · deferred
                                         revenue/costs providing $70.8 million less working capital benefit due to the increased
                                         amortization of previously deferred revenue/cost exceeding current period revenue deferrals
                                         as discussed in the Results of Operations section above 

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent assets providing $61.7 million less cash primarily due to the
                                         reimbursement of tax withholdings of $51.4 million from the Swiss Federal Tax Authority
                                         in 2012 

 
 · inventories
                                         and related provisions for obsolete and slow moving inventories providing $11.7 million
                                         less cash due to valuation fluctuations related to inventories held in foreign currencies
                                          

 
 · the
                                         impact of decreasing depreciation and amortization providing $11.7 million less non-cash
                                         adjustment to net income and 

 
 · the
                                         impact of decreasing stock compensation expense providing $6.7 million less non-cash
                                         adjustment to net income 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · net
                                         income increasing by $70.0 million as discussed in the Results of Operations section
                                         above 

 
 · accounts
                                         payable providing $57.0 million more cash primarily due to the impact of lower revenues
                                         and associated expenses in 2013 

 
 · deferred
                                         income taxes providing $40.0 million more cash due primarily to the impact of decreased
                                         deferred revenue/costs and 

 
 · accounts
                                         receivable and related provision for doubtful accounts providing $26.4 million more cash
                                         primarily due to the impact of lower revenues and the associated decline in receivables 

   

 We expect to generate $610 million of cash flow from operations
in 2015 with ongoing net income. 

   

 Investing Activities 

   

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 27,     
     Dec 28,     
     Dec 29,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   
     $ 131,332     
     $ (274,442 )   
     $ (496,228 ) 
 

    

 The $405.8 million increase
in cash provided by investing activities in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the following: 

   


 
     55 
       
     

   

 
 · collection
                                         of cash advanced under a loan receivable commitment with Bombardier of $137.4 million
                                         in the current year period compared to a cash advance of the same amount in the prior
                                         year period and 

 
 · increased
                                         net redemptions of marketable securities of $165.9 million 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         purchases of property and equipment of $17.3 million 

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for acquisitions of $13.2 million and 

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for intangible assets of $3.6 million 

   

 The $221.8 million decrease
in cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · decreased
                                         net investments in marketable securities providing cash of $368.3 million 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         cash advanced under a loan receivable commitment with Bombardier of $137.4 million, and 

 
 · increased
                                         purchases of property and equipment of $17.6 million 

   

 We have budgeted approximately
$85 million of capital expenditures during fiscal 2015 to include some facility expansion, along with normal ongoing capital expenditures
and maintenance activities. It is management’s goal to invest the on-hand cash consistent with Garmin’s investment
policy, which has been approved by the Board of Directors. The investment policy’s primary purpose is to preserve capital,
maintain an acceptable degree of liquidity, and maximize yield within the constraint of low credit risk. Garmin’s average
return on cash and investments during fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 were approximately 1.3%, 1.4% and 1.4%, respectively. 

   

 The fair value of our
securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, in the performance of the underlying collateral and
in the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. In 2013, Garmin experienced unrealized, non-cash losses
on its investment portfolio resulting in a balance of $57,356 and $4,377 of gross other-than-temporary impairment and other unrealized
losses on marketable securities at December 28, 2013. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the securities at an unrealized
loss position at December 28, 2013 were $1,215,498 and $1,153,765, respectively. This decrease in estimated fair value was primarily
due to market valuations on mortgage-backed securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions declining.  The
decline was due to increases in the 10 Year Treasury Bond Yield during 2013, which caused market valuations of securities in our
investment portfolios to decline.  

   

 The 10 Year Treasury Bond
Yield decreased in 2014, resulting in a balance of $13,031 and $8,420 of gross other-than-temporary impairment and other unrealized
losses on marketable securities at December 27, 2014. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the securities at an unrealized
loss position at December 27, 2014 were $1,276,404 and $1,254,953, respectively. Approximately 59% of securities in our portfolio
were at an unrealized loss position at December 27, 2014. We have the ability to hold these securities until maturity or their
value is recovered. We do not consider these unrealized losses to be other than temporary credit losses because there has been
no deterioration in credit quality and no change in the cash flows of the underlying securities. We do not intend to sell the
securities and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities; therefore, no impairment has been
recorded in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of income. 

   


 
     56 
       
     

   

 Financing Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 27,     
     Dec 28,     
     Dec 29,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
     $ (599,622 )   
     $ (406,838 )   
     $ (249,849 ) 
 

    

 The $192.8 million increase
in cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         purchase of treasury stock of $183.2 million under a share repurchase authorization and 

 
 · increased
                                         dividend payments of $8.4 million due to the increased dividend per share that was effective
                                         beginning in the second calendar quarter of 2014 

   

 The $157.0 million increase
in cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         dividend payments of $98.3 million due to the timing of our calendar fourth quarter 2012
                                         dividend occurring after the close of our fiscal year and the increase in our year-over-year
                                         dividend rate and 

 
 · increased
                                         purchase of treasury stock of $58.4 million under a share repurchase authorization 

   

 Our dividend has progressively
increased from $0.40 per share for the four calendar quarters beginning in June 2011 to $0.45 per share for the eight calendar
quarters beginning in June 2012 to $0.48 per share for the four calendar quarters beginning in June 2014. 

   

 We currently use cash
flow from operations to fund our capital expenditures, to support our working capital requirements, and to pay dividends. We expect
that future cash requirements will principally be for capital expenditures, working capital, payment of dividends declared, share
repurchases and the funding of strategic acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash balances and cash flow from operations
will be sufficient to meet our long-term projected capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. 

   

 Contractual Obligations and Commercial
Commitments 

   

 Future commitments of
Garmin, as of December 27, 2014, aggregated by type of contractual obligation, are: 

   

 
 
         
     Payments due by period   
 
     Contractual  Obligations   
     Total     
     Less than 1 year     
     1-3 years     
     3-5 years     
     More than 5 years   
 
     Operating Leases   
     $ 71.3     
     $ 16.4     
     $ 24.2     
     $ 15.8     
     $ 14.8   
 

   

 The Company is a party
to certain commitments, which includes raw materials, advertising and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our
business.  Pursuant to these agreements, the Company is contractually committed to make purchases of approximately $268.1
million over the next five years. 

   

 We may be required to
make significant cash outlays related to unrecognized tax benefits. However, due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash
flows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash
settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. Accordingly, unrecognized tax benefits of $77.5 million as of December
27, 2014, have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. For further information related to unrecognized tax
benefits, see Note 2, “Income Taxes,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

   


 
     57 
       
     

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

   

 We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

   

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

   

 Market Sensitivity 

   

 We have market risk primarily
in connection with the pricing of our products and services and the purchase of raw materials. Product pricing and raw materials
costs are both significantly influenced by semiconductor market conditions. Historically, during cyclical industry downturns,
we have been able to offset pricing declines for our products through a combination of improved product mix and success in obtaining
price reductions in raw materials costs. 

   

 Inflation 

   

 We do not believe that
inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become
subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our
inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

   

 The operation of
Garmin’s subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have
experienced significant foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar. The
potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of
operations. The company has not historically hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks.  

   

 The currencies that create
a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. Garmin Corporation,
headquartered in Sijhih, Taiwan, uses the local currency as the functional currency. The Company translates all assets and liabilities
at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year. In order to minimize the effect of
the currency exchange fluctuations on our net assets, we have elected to retain most of our Taiwan subsidiary’s cash and
investments in marketable securities denominated in U.S. dollars. 

   

 Most European subsidiaries
use the Euro as the functional currency .  The functional currency of our largest European subsidiary, Garmin (Europe) Ltd.
remains the U.S. dollar, and as some transactions occurred in British Pounds Sterling or Euros, foreign currency gains or losses
have been realized historically related to the movements of those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The Company believes
that gains and losses will become more material in the future as our European presence grows. In 2014, the U.S. Dollar strengthened
11.4% and 5.5%, respectively, relative to the Euro and British Pound Sterling resulting in a foreign currency loss of $43.7 million
in Garmin Ltd. and our European subsidiaries.  The U.S. Dollar strengthened 5.5% against the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a
$44.8 million foreign currency gain due to the fluctuation of asset balances throughout the year.  The net result of these
currency moves combined with other losses of $5.4 million, and the timing of transactions during the year was a net loss of $4.3
million for the Company and a cumulative translation adjustment of $64.5 million during the fiscal year 2014. 

   

 We assessed the Company’s
exposure to movements in currency exchange rates by performing a sensitivity analysis of adverse changes in exchange rates and
the corresponding impact to our results of operations. Based on total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
other than respective functional currencies as of December 27, 2014, a hypothetical and reasonably possible adverse change of
10% for the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before income taxes
of approximately $118 million at December 27, 2014. 

   


 
     58 
       
     

   

 Interest Rate Risk 

   

 We have no outstanding
long-term debt as of December 27, 2014. We, therefore, have no meaningful debt-related interest rate risk. 

   

 We are exposed to interest
rate risk in connection with our investments in marketable securities. As interest rates change, the unrealized gains and losses
associated with those securities will fluctuate accordingly. 

 The Company’s investment policy requires
investments to be rated A or better with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The Company does not
intend to sell securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required
to sell such investments before recovery of their amortized costs bases, which may be maturity. During 2014 and 2013, the Company
did not record any material impairment charges on its outstanding securities. 

   

 We assessed the Company’s
exposure to interest rate risk by performing a sensitivity analysis of a parallel shift in the yield curve and the corresponding
impact to the Company’s portfolio of marketable securities. Based on balance sheet positions as of December 27, 2014, a
hypothetical and reasonably possible 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in an approximate
$52 million decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments
prior to maturity. 

   


 
     59 
       
     

   



 
 

   

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

   

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

 Years Ended December 27, 2014, December 28,
2013, and December 29, 2012 

   

 Contents 

   

 
 
     Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
     61 
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 
     62 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012 
     63 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012 
     64 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012 
     65 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012 
     66 
 
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
     68 
 
   


 
     60 
       
     

   

 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Garmin Ltd. 

 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2014. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. 

   

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries at December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 27, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Garmin Ltd.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27,
2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 18, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

   

 
 
       
     /s/
    Ernst & Young LLP 
 
   

 Ernst & Young LLP 

 Kansas City, Missouri 

 February 18, 2015 

   


 
     61 
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     December
    27,     
     December
    28,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash
    and cash equivalents   
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149   
 
     Marketable
    securities  (Note 3)   
       167,989     
       149,862   
 
     Accounts
    receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $18,330 in 2014 and $20,367 in 2013   
       570,191     
       564,586   
 
     Inventories,
    net   
       420,475     
       382,226   
 
     Deferred
    income taxes  (Note 6)   
       56,102     
       69,823   
 
     Deferred
    costs   
       51,336     
       57,368   
 
     Loan
    receivable   
       -     
       137,379   
 
     Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets   
       48,615     
       55,243   
 
     Total current assets   
       2,510,976     
       2,595,636   
 
         
             
           
 
     Property and equipment,
    net   
             
           
 
     Land
    and improvements   
       94,245     
       98,324   
 
     Building
    and improvements   
       324,710     
       300,820   
 
     Office
    furniture and equipment   
       188,847     
       156,731   
 
     Manufacturing
    equipment   
       128,441     
       123,346   
 
     Engineering
    equipment   
       102,692     
       96,180   
 
     Vehicles   
       20,661     
       20,879   
 
         
       859,596     
       796,280   
 
     Accumulated
    depreciation   
       (428,709 )   
       (381,432 ) 
 
         
       430,887     
       414,848   
 
         
             
           
 
     Restricted cash  (Note
    4)   
       308     
       249   
 
     Marketable securities
     (Note 3)   
       1,407,344     
       1,502,106   
 
     Noncurrent deferred income
    tax  (Note 6)   
       67,712     
       88,324   
 
     Noncurrent deferred costs   
       36,140     
       41,157   
 
     Intangible assets, net   
       218,083     
       219,494   
 
     Other
    assets   
       21,853     
       17,789   
 
     Total
    assets   
     $ 4,693,303     
     $ 4,879,603   
 
         
             
           
 
     Liabilities and
    Stockholders' Equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Accounts
    payable   
     $ 149,094     
     $ 146,582   
 
     Salaries
    and benefits payable   
       62,764     
       59,794   
 
     Accrued
    warranty costs   
       27,609     
       26,767   
 
     Accrued
    sales program costs   
       58,934     
       50,903   
 
     Deferred
    revenue   
       203,598     
       256,908   
 
     Accrued
    royalty costs   
       51,889     
       64,538   
 
     Accrued
    advertising expense   
       26,334     
       19,448   
 
     Other
    accrued expenses   
       67,780     
       65,657   
 
     Deferred
    income taxes  (Note 6)   
       17,673     
       989   
 
     Income
    taxes payable   
       182,260     
       38,043   
 
     Dividend
    payable   
       185,326     
       175,675   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       1,033,261     
       905,304   
 
         
             
           
 
     Deferred income taxes
     (Note 6)   
       39,497     
       1,758   
 
     Non-current income taxes   
       80,611     
       140,933   
 
     Non-current deferred
    revenue   
       135,130     
       171,012   
 
     Other liabilities   
       1,437     
       890   
 
         
             
           
 
     Stockholders' equity:   
             
           
 
     Shares,
    CHF 10 par value, 208,077 shares authorized and issued; 191,815 shares outstanding at December 27, 2014; and 195,150 shares
    outstanding at December 28, 2013;  (Notes 9, 10, and 11):   
       1,797,435     
       1,797,435   
 
     Additional
    paid-in capital   
       73,521     
       79,263   
 
     Treasury
    stock   
       (330,132 )   
       (120,620 ) 
 
     Retained
    earnings   
       1,859,972     
       1,865,587   
 
     Accumulated
    other comprehensive income   
       2,571     
       38,041   
 
     Total
    stockholders' equity   
       3,403,367     
       3,659,706   
 
     Total
    liabilities and stockholders' equity   
     $ 4,693,303     
     $ 4,879,603   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
     62 
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Information) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal
    Year Ended   
 
         
     December
    27,     
     December
    28,     
     December
    29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 2,870,658     
     $ 2,631,851     
     $ 2,715,675   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       1,266,246     
       1,224,551     
       1,277,195   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,604,412     
       1,407,300     
       1,438,480   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       146,633     
       112,905     
       138,757   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       372,032     
       355,440     
       369,790   
 
     Research and development expense   
       395,121     
       364,923     
       325,773   
 
         
       913,786     
       833,268     
       834,320   
 
     Operating income   
       690,626     
       574,032     
       604,160   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Other income (expense):   
             
             
           
 
     Interest income   
       35,584     
       35,271     
       35,108   
 
     Foreign currency gains (losses)   
       (4,299 )   
       35,538     
       (20,022 ) 
 
     Other   
       1,834     
       8,717     
       5,282   
 
         
       33,119     
       79,526     
       20,368   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       723,745     
       653,558     
       624,528   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Income tax provision (benefit):  (Note 6)   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       274,107     
       27,771     
       114,013   
 
     Deferred   
       85,427     
       13,375     
       (31,888 ) 
 
         
       359,534     
       41,146     
       82,125   
 
     Net income   
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic net income per share
     (Note 10)   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13     
     $ 2.78   
 
     Diluted net income per share
     (Note 10)   
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12     
     $ 2.76   
 

   

 See accompanying
notes. 

   


 
     63 
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

 (In Thousands) 

   

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal
    Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net income   
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403   
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment   
       (64,489 )   
       (43,609 )   
       52,516   
 
     Change
    in fair value of available-for-sale marketable securities, net of deferred taxes   
       29,019     
       (56,904 )   
       (1,155 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income   
     $ 328,741     
     $ 511,899     
     $ 593,764   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
     64 
       
     

   

 
 
     Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
    Equity 
 
     (In Thousands) 
 
   

 
 
         
           
           
           
           
     Accumulated     
         
 
         
           
     Additional     
           
           
     Other     
         
 
         
     Common     
     Paid-In     
     Treasury     
     Retained     
     Comprehensive     
         
 
         
     Stock     
     Capital     
     Stock     
     Earnings     
     Income/(Loss)     
     Total   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2011   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 61,869     
     $ ( 103,498 )   
     $ 1,413,582     
     $ 87,193     
     $ 3,256,581   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       542,403     
       –     
       542,403   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       52,516     
       52,516   
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized gains (losses)
    on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $46   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (1,155 )   
       (1,155 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income   
       593,764     
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (351,360 )   
       –     
       (351,360 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (516 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (516 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock related to equity
    awards   
       –     
       (18,165 )   
       40,963     
       –     
       –     
       22,798   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       29,274     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       29,274   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (18,745 )   
       –     
       –     
       (18,745 ) 
 
     Balance at December 29, 2012   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 72,462     
     $ ( 81,280 )   
     $ 1,604,625     
     $ 138,554     
     $ 3,531,796   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       612,412     
       –     
       612,412   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (43,609 )   
       (43,609 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized gains (losses)
    on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of ($2,183)   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (56,904 )   
       (56,904 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income   
       511,899     
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (351,450 )   
       –     
       (351,450 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       4,584     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       4,584   
 
     Issuance of treasury stock related to equity
    awards   
       –     
       (20,375 )   
       43,145     
       –     
       –     
       22,770   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       22,592     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       22,592   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity
    awards   
       –     
       –     
       (24,063 )   
       –     
       –     
       (24,063 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (58,422 )   
       –     
       –     
       (58,422 ) 
 
     Balance at December 28, 2013   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 79,263     
     $ ( 120,620 )   
     $ 1,865,587     
     $ 38,041     
     $ 3,659,706   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
     $ 364,211     
       –     
       364,211   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (64,489 )   
       (64,489 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized gains (losses)
    on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $201   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       29,019     
       29,019   
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       328,741   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (369,826 )   
       –     
       (369,826 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (84 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (84 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock related to equity
    awards   
       –     
       (29,951 )   
       50,704     
       –     
       –     
       20,753   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       24,293     
       –     
       –     
       24,293     
           
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity
    awards   
       –     
       –     
       (18,638 )   
       –     
       –     
       (18,638 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock
    under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (241,578 )   
       –     
       –     
       (241,578 ) 
 
     Balance at December 27, 2014   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 73,521     
     $ ( 330,132 )   
     $ 1,859,972     
     $ 2,571     
     $ 3,403,367   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
     65 
       
     

   

 
 
     Garmin
    Ltd. And Subsidiaries 
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows 
 
     (In
    Thousands) 
 
   

 
 
         
     Fiscal
    Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Operating Activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
       364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
    activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       48,433     
       48,476     
       52,632   
 
     Amortization   
       28,582     
       30,328     
       37,835   
 
     Gain on sale of property and equipment   
       (306 )   
       (724 )   
       (367 ) 
 
     Provision for doubtful accounts   
       66     
       1,553     
       2,947   
 
     Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories   
       25,903     
       20,891     
       11,003   
 
     Unrealized foreign currency (gains)/losses   
       573     
       (40,120 )   
       40,042   
 
     Deferred income taxes   
       89,828     
       7,931     
       (32,080 ) 
 
     Stock compensation   
       24,293     
       22,592     
       29,274   
 
     Realized gains on marketable securities   
       (505 )   
       (5,877 )   
       (2,980 ) 
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
    net of acquisitions:   
             
             
           
 
     Accounts receivable   
       (27,398 )   
       38,589     
       10,808   
 
     Inventories   
       (76,491 )   
       (17,593 )   
       3,997   
 
     Other current and non-current assets   
       627     
       (22,013 )   
       39,717   
 
     Accounts payable   
       8,981     
       18,043     
       (38,929 ) 
 
     Other current and non-current liabilities   
       16,467     
       (31,775 )   
       (33,235 ) 
 
     Deferred revenue   
       (87,543 )   
       (16,150 )   
       67,931   
 
     Deferred costs   
       11,029     
       (2,204 )   
       (15,441 ) 
 
     Income taxes payable   
       95,961     
       (34,275 )   
       (30,812 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       522,711     
       630,084     
       684,745   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Investing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Purchases of property and equipment   
       (73,339 )   
       (56,083 )   
       (38,445 ) 
 
     Proceeds from sale of property and equipment   
       748     
       885     
       757   
 
     Purchase of intangible assets   
       (4,720 )   
       (1,122 )   
       (6,783 ) 
 
     Purchase of marketable securities   
       (1,006,482 )   
       (909,151 )   
       (1,429,593 ) 
 
     Redemption of marketable securities   
       1,096,676     
       833,491     
       985,598   
 
     Proceeds from repayment (advances) on loan receivable   
       137,379     
       (137,369 )   
       -   
 
     Acquisitions, net of cash acquired   
       (18,871 )   
       (5,680 )   
       (7,697 ) 
 
     Change in restricted cash   
       (59 )   
       587     
       (65 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   
       131,332     
       (274,442 )   
       (496,228 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Financing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Dividends   
       (360,075 )   
       (351,707 )   
       (253,386 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       (84 )   
       4,584     
       (516 ) 
 
     Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       20,753     
       22,770     
       22,798   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       (18,638 )   
       (24,063 )   
       (18,745 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock under share repurchase
    plan   
       (241,578 )   
       (58,422 )   
       -   
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
       (599,622 )   
       (406,838 )   
       (249,849 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
    cash equivalents   
       (37,302 )   
       (835 )   
       5,352   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net increase(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
       17,119     
       (52,031 )   
       (55,980 ) 
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       1,179,149     
       1,231,180     
       1,287,160   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149     
     $ 1,231,180   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
     66 
       
     

   

 
 
     Garmin
    Ltd. And Subsidiaries 
 
     Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 
     (In
    Thousands) 
 
   

 
 
         
     Fiscal
    Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information   
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid during the year for income taxes   
     $ 175,465     
     $ 73,372     
     $ 127,509   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash received during the year from income tax refunds   
     $ 5,260     
     $ 3,584     
     $ 5,237   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid during the year for interest   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities   
             
             
           
 
       
             
             
           
 
     Change in marketable securities related to unrealized
    appreciation (depreciation)   
       29,220     
     $ (59,087 )   
     $ (1,109 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Fair value of assets acquired   
     $ 22,735     
     $ 11,486     
     $ 11,156   
 
     Liabilities assumed   
     $ (3,718 )   
       (4,955 )   
       (2,740 ) 
 
     Less: cash acquired   
     $ (146 )   
       (851 )   
       (719 ) 
 
     Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired   
     $ 18,871     
     $ 5,680     
     $ 7,697   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
     67 
       
     

   

 GARMIN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share
Information) 

 December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 

   

 1. Description of the Business 

   

 Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries
(together, the “Company”) design, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute a diverse family of hand-held, wrist-based,
portable and fixed-mount Global Positioning System (GPS)-enabled products and other navigation, communications, information and
sensor-based products. Garmin Corporation (GC) is primarily responsible for the manufacturing and distribution of the Company’s
products to the Company’s subsidiaries and, to a lesser extent, new product development and sales and marketing of the Company’s
products in Asia and the Far East. Garmin International, Inc. (GII) is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of the Company’s
products in the Americas region and for most of the Company’s research and new product development. GII also manufactures
most of the Company’s products in the aviation segment. Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (GEL) is responsible for sales and marketing
of the Company’s products in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Many of GEL’s sales are to other Company-owned
distributors in the EMEA region. 

   

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

   

 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

   

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements reflect the accounts of Garmin Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances
and transactions have been eliminated. 

   

 Fiscal Year 

   

 The Company has adopted
a 52–53-week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Due to the fact that there are not exactly 52 weeks
in a calendar year and there is slightly more than one additional day per year (not including the effects of leap year) in each
calendar year as compared to a 52-week fiscal year, the Company will have a fiscal year comprising 53 weeks in certain fiscal
years, as determined by when the last Saturday of the calendar year occurs. 

   

 In those resulting fiscal
years that have 53 weeks, the Company will record an extra week of sales, costs, and related financial activity. Therefore, the
financial results of those fiscal years, and the associated 14-week fourth quarter, will not be entirely comparable to the prior
and subsequent 52-week fiscal years and the associated quarters having only 13 weeks. Fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 included
52 weeks. 

   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

   


 
     68 
       
     

   

 Foreign Currency 

   

 Many Garmin Ltd. subsidiaries
utilize currencies other than the United States Dollar (USD) as their functional currency. As required by the  Foreign Currency
Matters  topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), the financial statements
of these subsidiaries for all periods presented have been translated into USD, the functional currency of Garmin Ltd., and the
reporting currency herein, for purposes of consolidation at rates prevailing during the year for sales, costs, and expenses and
at end-of-year rates for all assets and liabilities. The effect of this translation is recorded in a separate component of stockholders’
equity. Cumulative translation adjustments of $20,874 and $85,363 as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, respectively,
have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

   

 Transactions in
foreign currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting
from these transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. All differences are
recorded in results of operations and amounted to exchange gains (losses) of ($4,299), $35,538, and ($20,022) for the years
ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012, respectively. The loss in fiscal 2014 was due primarily to
the USD strengthening against the Euro and the British Pound Sterling which was largely offset by the USD strengthening
against the Taiwan Dollar. The gain in fiscal 2013 was due primarily to the strengthening of the USD against the Taiwan
Dollar and the USD weakening against the Euro and the British Pound Sterling. The loss in fiscal 2012 was due primarily to
the weakening of the USD against the Taiwan Dollar and was partially offset by the USD weakening against the Euro and the
British Pound Sterling. 

   

 Earnings Per Share 

   

 Basic earnings
per share amounts are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of diluted earnings
per share, the number of shares that would be issued from the exercise of dilutive stock options has been reduced by the number
of shares which could have been purchased from the proceeds of the exercise at the average market price of the Company’s
stock during the period the options were outstanding. See Note 10. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 For purposes of reporting
cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, operating accounts, money market funds, and securities with maturities
of three months or less when purchased. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value, given the short
maturity of those instruments. 

   

 Trade Accounts Receivable 

   

 The Company sells its
products to retailers, wholesalers, and other customers and extends credit based on its evaluation of the customer’s financial
condition.  Potential losses on receivables are dependent on each individual customer’s financial condition. The Company
carries its trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. Typically, its accounts receivable are collected within 80 days
and do not bear interest. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on receivables and maintains allowances for potential losses
or adjustments. The Company determines these allowances by (1) evaluating the aging of its receivables and (2) reviewing its high-risk
customers. Past due receivable balances are written off when its internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting
the amount due. The Company maintains trade credit insurance to provide security against large losses. 

   


 
     69 
       
     

   

 Concentration of Credit Risk 

   

 The Company grants credit
to certain customers who meet the Company’s pre-established credit requirements. Generally, the Company does not require
security when trade credit is granted to customers. Credit losses are provided for in the Company’s consolidated financial
statements and typically have been within management’s expectations. Certain customers are allowed extended terms consistent
with normal industry practice. Most of these extended terms can be classified as either relating to seasonal sales variations
or to the timing of new product releases by the Company. 

   

 The Company’s top
ten customers have contributed between 22% and 26% of net sales since 2012. None of the Company’s customers accounted for
more than 10% of consolidated net sales in the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012. 

   

 Loan Receivable 

   

 On March 14, 2013, the
Company entered into a Memorandum of Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Bombardier, Inc. (“Bombardier”). 
The Company is the supplier of the avionics system for the Lear 70 and Lear 75 aircraft for Learjet, Inc., which is a subsidiary
of Bombardier (the “Program”).  In order to assist Bombardier in connection with delayed cash flows from the
Program partially related to the certification of avionics for the Program exceeding the planned delivery date, the Company agreed
to provide Bombardier a short term, interest free, loan of $173,708 in cash in seven installments beginning on March 22, 2013
and ending on September 20, 2013 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  Bombardier repaid the loan in five
installments beginning in November 2013 and ending in April 2014 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and subsequent
amendment signed December 6, 2013.  As of December 27, 2014, the Company had a loan receivable balance of $0 from Bombardier
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

   

 Inventories 

   

 Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. Garmin writes down its inventory
for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market
value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those
projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Inventories consisted of the following: 

   

 
 
         
     December 27, 2014     
     December 28, 2013   
 
         
           
         
 
     Raw Materials   
     $ 161,444     
     $ 131,408   
 
     Work-in-process   
     $ 53,824     
     $ 50,110   
 
     Finished goods   
     $ 244,282     
     $ 229,089   
 
     Inventory Reserves   
     $ (39,075 )   
     $ (28,381 ) 
 
     Inventory, net of reserves   
     $ 420,475     
     $ 382,226   
 

   

   

 Property and Equipment 

   

 Property and equipment
are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 

   

 
 
     Buildings and improvements   
       39   
 
     Office furniture and equipment   
       3-5   
 
     Manufacturing and engineering equipment   
       5   
 
     Vehicles   
       5   
 

   


 
     70 
       
     

   

 Long-Lived Assets 

   

 As required by the  Property,
Plant and Equipment  topic of the FASB ASC, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset
is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition
of the asset. That assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment
loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 

   

 The  Intangibles –
Goodwill and Other  topic of the FASB ASC requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should
not be amortized but rather be tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that they may be impaired. The Company did not recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in 2014, 2013, or
2012.  The accounting guidance also requires that intangible assets with finite lives be amortized over their estimated useful
lives and reviewed for impairment. The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with finite lives over periods
ranging from 3 to 10 years. 

   

 Dividends 

   

 Under Swiss corporate
law, dividends must be approved by shareholders at the general meeting of our shareholders. 

   

 On June 6, 2014,
the shareholders approved a dividend of $1.92 per share (of which, $0.96 was paid in the Company's 2014 fiscal year) payable in
four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share 
 
     June 30, 2014   
     June 17, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     September 30, 2014   
     September 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     December 31, 2014   
     December 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     March 31, 2015   
     March 16, 2015   
     $ 0.48   
 



 

 

   

 The Company paid
dividends in 2014 in the amount of $360,075. Both the dividend paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction
of retained earnings. 

   

 On June 7, 2013,
the shareholders approved a dividend of $1.80 per share (of which, $0.90 was paid in the Company's 2013 fiscal year) payable in
four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share 
 
     June 28, 2013   
     June 18, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     September 30, 2013   
     September 16, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     December 31, 2013   
     December 16, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 
     March 31, 2014   
     March 17, 2014   
     $ 0.45   
 



   

 The Company paid
dividends in 2013 in the amount of $351,707. Both the dividend paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction
of retained earnings. 

   

 On June 1, 2012,
the shareholders approved a dividend of $1.80 per share (of which, $0.90 was paid in the Company's 2012 fiscal year) payable in
four installments as follows: 

   

 

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share 
 
     June 29, 2012   
     June 15, 2012   
     $ 0.45   
 
     September 28, 2012   
     September 14, 2012   
     $ 0.45   
 
     December 31, 2012   
     December 14, 2012   
     $ 0.45   
 
     March 29, 2013   
     March 15, 2013   
     $ 0.45   
 




 

   

 The Company paid
dividends in 2012 in the amount of $253,386. Both the dividend paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction
of retained earnings. 

   


 
     71 
       
     

   

 Approximately $290,955
and $265,880 of retained earnings are indefinitely restricted from distribution to stockholders pursuant to the laws of Taiwan
at December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, respectively. 

   

 Intangible Assets 

   

 At December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013, the Company had patents, customer related intangibles and other identifiable finite-lived intangible assets
recorded at a cost of $191,034 and $183,431, respectively. Identifiable, finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their
estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis over three to ten years. Accumulated amortization was $151,589 and $143,227 at
December 27, 2014 and December 28, respectively. Amortization expense on these intangible assets was $8,362, $17,847,and $21,437
for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012, respectively. In the next five years, the amortization
expense is estimated to be $20,038, $7,481, $4,799, $4,122, and $2,811, respectively. 

   

 The Company’s excess
purchase cost over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) was $178,638 at December 27, 2014 and $179,290 at December 28,
2013. 

   

 
 
         
     December 27,   2014     
     December 28,   2013   
 
     Goodwill balance at beginning of year   
     $ 179,290     
     $ 176,059   
 
     Acquisitions   
       2,517     
       2,726   
 
     Finalization of purchase price allocations  and effect of foreign currency
    translation   
       (3,169 )   
       505   
 
     Goodwill balance at end of year   
     $ 178,638     
     $ 179,290   
 

   

 Marketable Securities 

   

 Management determines
the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance
sheet date. 

   

 All of the
Company’s marketable securities were considered available-for-sale at December 27, 2014. Available-for-sale securities
are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive gain(loss). At
December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, cumulative unrealized gains and losses, net of tax of ($18,303) and ($47,322),
respectively, were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of related taxes. 

   

 Investments are reviewed
periodically to determine if they have suffered an impairment of value that is considered other than temporary. If investments
are determined to be impaired, a loss is recognized at the date of determination. 

   

 Testing for impairment
of investments requires significant management judgment. The identification of potentially impaired investments, the determination
of their fair value and the assessment of whether any decline in value is other than temporary are the key judgment elements.
The discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. Revisions of impairment judgments
are made when new information becomes known, and any resulting impairment adjustments are made at that time. The economic environment
and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of determining fair value and assessing investment impairment. 

   


 
     72 
       
     

   

 The amortized cost of
debt securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity,
or in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the security. Such amortization is included in interest
income from investments. Realized gains and losses, and credit declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary are included
in other income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. 

   

 Investments are discussed
in detail in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 The Company accounts for
income taxes using the liability method in accordance with the FASB ASC 740 topic  Income Taxes . The liability method provides
that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their carrying amount for financial reporting purposes as measured based on the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 

   

 The Company adopted the
applicable guidance included in the FASB ASC 740 topic  Income Taxes  related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
on December 31, 2006, the beginning of fiscal year 2007.  We recognize liabilities for tax audit issues in the U.S.
and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If payment
of these amounts ultimately proves not to be required, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized
in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less
than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result. 

   

 Income taxes are discussed
in detail in Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Revenue Recognition 

   

 Garmin recognizes revenue
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection
is probable.  For the large majority of Garmin’s sales, these criteria are met once product has shipped and title and
risk of loss have transferred to the customer.  The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of hardware products and software
bundled with hardware that is essential to the functionality of the hardware in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting
guidance. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with industry specific software accounting guidance for standalone sales
of software products and sales of software bundled with hardware not essential to the functionality of the hardware.  The
Company generally does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales. 

   

 Garmin introduced nüMaps
Lifetime™ in 2009, which is a single fee program that, subject to the program’s terms and conditions, enables customers
to download the latest map and point of interest information for the useful life of their PND.  The revenue and associated
cost of royalties for sales of nüMaps Lifetime™ products are deferred at the time of sale and recognized ratably on
a straight-line basis over the estimated 36-month life of the products.  With the acquisition of Navigon AG in 2011, products
marketed under the Navigon brand have a FreshMaps program that enables customers to download the latest map and point of interest
information for two years.  The revenue and associated cost of royalties for sales of FreshMaps products are deferred at
the time of sale and recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the two year period.  

   

 For multiple-element arrangements
that include tangible products that contain software essential to the tangible product’s functionality and undelivered software
elements that relate to the tangible product’s essential software, the Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based
on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, the accounting principles establish a hierarchy to determine the selling
price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables as follows: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value
(VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (TPE), and (iii) best estimate of the selling price (ESP).  VSOE
generally exists only when the Company sells the deliverable separately, on more than a limited basis, at prices within a relatively
narrow range.  In addition to the products listed below, the Company has offered certain other products including mobile
applications, aviation subscriptions and extended warranties that involve multiple-element arrangements that are immaterial. 

   


 
     73 
       
     

   

 In 2010, Garmin began
offering PNDs with lifetime map updates (LMUs) bundled in the original purchase price.  Similar to nüMaps Lifetime™,
LMUs enable customers to download the latest map and point of interest information for the useful life of their PND.  In
addition, Garmin offers PNDs with traffic service bundled in the original purchase price.  The Company has identified multiple
deliverables contained in arrangements involving the sale of PNDs which include the LMU and/or traffic service.  The first
deliverable is the hardware along with the software essential to the functionality of the hardware device delivered at the time
of sale.  The second deliverable and potentially third deliverables are the LMU and/or traffic service.  The Company
has allocated revenue between these deliverables using the relative selling price method.  Amounts allocated to the delivered
hardware and the related essential software are recognized at the time of sale provided the other conditions for revenue recognition
have been met.  The revenue and associated cost of royalties allocated to the LMU or the subscription for traffic service
are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated 36-month life of the products. 

   

 As the sales of nüMaps
Lifetime and traffic subscriptions as a percentage of total unit sales or in the aggregate decreased significantly in mid-2011,
the Company determined that the previous estimate of selling price based on more limited stand-alone sales of nüMaps Lifetime
or traffic was no longer a sole determinant of its value as determined under VSOE, and that third party evidence of selling price
was not available.  The Company determined that the price differential between bundled and unbundled products and the royalty
cost of the LMU or traffic subscription plus an approximate margin were both additional indicators of estimated selling price. 
These estimates were also reflective of how the Company established product pricing based in part on customer perception of value
of the added LMU or traffic service capability.  As such, during 2012 and 2013, the Company estimated selling price of the
undelivered element based on the relative selling price method using a weighted average of the stand-alone sales price, the price
differential between bundled and unbundled units, and the royalty or subscription cost plus a normal margin. In 2014, the Company
determined that stand-alone and unbundled unit sales no longer occurred on more than a limited basis, and the royalty or subscription
cost plus a normal margin is therefore now used as the primary indicator in calculating relative selling price of the undelivered
element. 

   

 Garmin records estimated
reductions to revenue for customer sales programs, returns and incentive offerings including rebates, price protection (product
discounts offered to retailers to assist in clearing older products from their inventories in advance of new product releases),
promotions and other volume-based incentives.  The reductions to revenue are based on estimates and judgments using historical
experience and expectation of future conditions.  Changes in these estimates could negatively affect Garmin’s operating
results.   These incentives are reviewed periodically and, with the exceptions of price protection and certain other
promotions, accrued for on a percentage of sales basis.   If market conditions were to decline, Garmin may take actions
to increase customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time the incentive
is offered. 

   

 The Company records revenue net of sales tax,
trade discounts and customer returns.  The reductions to revenue for expected future product returns are based on Garmin’s
historical experience. 

   

 Deferred Revenues and
Costs 

   

 At December 27, 2014 and
December 28, 2013, the Company had deferred revenues totaling $338,728 and $427,920, respectively, and related deferred costs
totaling $87,476 and $98,525, respectively. 

   

 The deferred revenues
and costs are recognized over their estimated economic lives of two to three years on a straight-line basis. In the next three
years, the gross margin recognition of deferred revenue and cost for the currently deferred amounts is estimated to be $152,262,
$71,801, and $27,189, respectively. 

   


 
     74 
       
     

   

 Shipping and Handling Costs 

   

 Shipping and handling
costs are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Product Warranty 

   

 The Company provides for
estimated warranty costs at the time of sale.  The Company’s standard warranty obligation to retail partners generally
provides for a right of return of any product for a full refund in the event that such product is not merchantable, is damaged
or defective.  The Company’s historical experience is that these types of warranty obligations are generally fulfilled
within 5 months from time of sale.  The Company’s standard warranty obligation to its end-users provides for a period
of one to two years from date of shipment while certain aviation products have a warranty period of two years from the date of
installation .   The Company’s estimate of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience
and expectations of future conditions and are recorded as a liability on the balance sheet.  To the extent Garmin experiences
increased warranty claim activity or increased costs associated with servicing those claims, its warranty accrual will increase,
resulting in decreased gross profit. The following reconciliation provides an illustration of changes in the aggregate warranty
reserve: 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal
    Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Balance - beginning of period   
     $ 26,767     
     $ 37,301     
     $ 46,773   
 
     Change in accrual for products sold in prior periods  (1)   
       -     
       (8,709 )   
       -   
 
     Accrual for products sold (2)   
       44,423     
       41,309     
       38,421   
 
     Expenditures   
       (43,581 )   
       (43,134 )   
       (47,893 ) 
 
     Balance - end of period   
     $ 27,609     
     $ 26,767     
     $ 37,301   
 

   

 
 (1) Our expected
                                         future cost is estimated based upon historical trends in the volume of product returns
                                         and the related warranty costs incurred. In 2013 we updated these assumptions and shortened
                                         the estimated time horizon in which we settle claims with our retail partners. 

   

 
 (2) Minor
                                         changes in cost estimates related to pre-existing warranties are aggregated with accruals
                                         for new warranty contracts in the ‘accrual for products sold’ line . 

   

 Sales Programs 

   

 The Company provides certain
monthly and quarterly incentives for its dealers and distributors based on various factors including dealer purchasing volume
and growth. Additionally, from time to time, the Company provides rebates to end users on certain products. Estimated rebates
and incentives payable to dealers and distributors are regularly reviewed and recorded as accrued expenses on a monthly basis.
In addition, the Company provides dealers and distributors with product discounts to assist these customers in clearing older
products from their inventories in advance of new product releases. Each discount is tied to a specific product and can be applied
to all customers who have purchased the product or a special discount may be agreed to on an individual customer basis. These
rebates, incentives, and discounts are recorded as reductions to net sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of income
in the period the Company has sold the product. 

   


 
     75 
       
     

   

 Advertising Costs 

   

 The Company expenses advertising
costs as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to approximately $146,633, $112,905 and $138,757, for the years ended December
27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012, respectively. 

   

 Research and Development 

   

 A majority of the Company’s
research and development is performed in the United States. Research and development costs, which are expensed as incurred, amounted
to approximately $395,121, $364,923 and $325,773, for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012,
respectively. 

   

 Customer Service and Technical Support 

   

 Customer service and technical
support costs are included as selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
Customer service and technical support costs include costs associated with performing order processing, answering customer inquiries
by telephone and through Web sites, e-mail and other electronic means, and providing free technical support assistance to customers.
The technical support is provided within one year after the associated revenue is recognized. The related cost of providing this
free support is not material. 

   

 Software Development Costs 

   

 The FASB ASC topic entitled
 Software  requires companies to expense software development costs as they incur them until technological feasibility has
been established, at which time those costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Capitalized
software development costs are not significant as the time elapsed from working model to release is typically short. As required
by the  Research and Development  topic of the FASB ASC, costs incurred to enhance our existing products or after the general
release of the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and development
costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

   

 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 

   

 The Company currently
sponsors four stock based employee compensation plans. Garmin awards stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted
stock units (RSUs) and/or performance shares each year as part of Garmin’s compensation package for employees. Certain employees
within Garmin are eligible for stock options, SAR grants, RSU grants and/or performance shares but the granting of options, SARs,
RSUs and/or performance shares is at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and is not a contractual
obligation. The FASB ASC topic entitled  Compensation – Stock Compensation  requires the measurement and recognition
of compensation expenses for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors including employee stock options and
restricted stock based on estimated fair values. 

   

 Accounting guidance requires
companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value
of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Determining the fair value
of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating expected life, forfeitures and dividends. If forfeitures
differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense could be impacted. Forfeitures were estimated based
on historical experience and management’s estimates. 

   


 
     76 
       
     

   

 Stock compensation plans
are discussed in detail in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2013-11 “Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss,
or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists” (ASU 2013-11), which is included in ASC Topic 740 (Income Taxes). ASU 2013-11 requires
an entity to net its liability for unrecognized tax positions against a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss or
a tax credit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. The provisions of this new guidance are
effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013. The implementation of the amended accounting guidance did not
have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 



   

 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2014-09 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes previous revenue recognition
guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires that a company will recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
company expects to be entitled in exchange or transferring goods or services to a customer. In applying the new guidance, a company
will (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the
transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the contract’s performance obligations; and (5) recognize revenue
when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The provisions of this new guidance are effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016 and can be adopted using either a full retrospective or modified approach. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of adopting this new guidance on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 3. Marketable Securities 

   

 The FASB ASC topic entitled
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The accounting
guidance classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy: 

   

 
 
     Level 1 
     Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
    assets or liability 
 
       
       
 
     Level 2 
     Observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly or
    indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
    assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
    or liability 
 
     Level 3 
     Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
 
   

 The Company endeavors
to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation methods used by the Company
for each significant class of investments are summarized below. 

   

 Mortgage-backed securities, corporate
bonds and obligations of states and political subdivisions – Valued based on prices obtained from an independent pricing
vendor using both market and income approaches. The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for similar assets in
active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark
yields, and credit spreads. 

   

 Common stocks – Valued
at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 

   


 
     77 
       
     

   

 The methods described
above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values.
Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the
use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different
fair value measurement at the reporting date. 

   

 Available for sale securities measured at estimated
fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below: 

   

 




 

 

 
 
         
     Fair Value Measurements as   
 
         
     of
    December 27, 2014   
 
         
     Total     
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
     $ 452,686     
     $ -     
     $ 452,686     
     $ -   
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions   
       470,397     
       -     
       470,397     
       -   
 
     Corporate bonds   
       602,040     
       -     
       602,040     
       -   
 
     Common stocks   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Other   
       50,210     
       -     
       50,210     
       -   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,575,333     
     $ -     
     $ 1,575,333     
     $ -   
 



   


 

 
 
         
     Fair Value Measurements
    as   
 
         
     of
    December 28, 2013   
 
         
     Total     
     Level
    1     
     Level
    2     
     Level
    3   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
     $ 437,330     
     $ -     
     $ 437,330     
     $ -   
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions   
       647,354     
       -     
       647,354     
       -   
 
     Corporate bonds   
       457,148     
       -     
       457,148     
       -   
 
     Common stocks   
       29,854     
       29,854     
       -     
       -   
 
     Other   
       80,282     
       -     
       80,282     
       -   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,651,968     
     $ 29,854     
     $ 1,622,114     
     $ -   
 



 

   

 Marketable securities
classified as available-for-sale securities are summarized below: 

   

 

 
 
       
       
     Available-For-Sale Securities as 
       
 
       
       
     of December 27, 2014 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     Gross 
       
       
       
       
       
     Estimated Fair  
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
     Gross 
       
       
     Unrealized 
       
       
     Gross
    Unrealized 
       
       
     Value (Net Carrying  
       
 
       
       
     Amortized Cost 
       
       
     Unrealized Gains 
       
       
      Losses-OTTI  (1) 
       
       
     Losses-Other  (2) 
       
       
     Amount) 
       
 
     Mortgage-backed securities 
       
     $ 
     460,185 
       
       
     $ 
     599 
       
       
     $ 
     (4,585 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (3,513 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     452,686 
       
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
       
       
     476,036 
       
       
       
     682 
       
       
       
     (5,521 
     ) 
       
       
     (800 
     ) 
       
       
     470,397 
       
 
     U.S. corporate bonds 
       
       
     608,320 
       
       
       
     690 
       
       
       
     (2,914 
     ) 
       
       
     (4,056 
     ) 
       
       
     602,040 
       
 
     Common stocks 
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     - 
       
 
     Other 
       
       
     50,223 
       
       
       
     49 
       
       
       
     (11 
     ) 
       
       
     (51 
     ) 
       
       
     50,210 
       
 
     Total 
       
     $ 
     1,594,764 
       
       
     $ 
     2,020 
       
       
     $ 
     (13,031 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     (8,420 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     1,575,333 
       
 


 

 

   


 
     78 
       
     

   

 

 
 
         
     Available-For-Sale Securities
    as   
 
         
     of
    December 28, 2013   
 
         
     Amortized
    Cost     
     Gross 
     Unrealized Gains     
     Gross
    Unrealized   Losses-OTTI  (1)     
     Gross
    Unrealized   Losses-Other  (2)     
     Estimated
    Fair 
    Value (Net Carrying  
    Amount)   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
     $ 461,054     
     $ 2,692     
     $ (22,614 )   
     $ (3,802 )   
     $ 437,330   
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions   
       673,529     
       1,601     
       (27,509 )   
       (267 )   
       647,354   
 
     U.S. corporate bonds   
       463,437     
       1,050     
       (7,031 )   
       (308 )   
       457,148   
 
     Common stocks   
       24,540     
       5,413     
       (99 )   
       -     
       29,854   
 
     Other   
       78,059     
       2,326     
       (103 )   
       -     
       80,282   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,700,619     
     $ 13,082     
     $ (57,356 )   
     $ (4,377 )   
     $  1,651,968   
 



 

   

 (1) 
Represents impairment not related to credit for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily
impaired. 

 (2) 
Represents unrealized losses on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

   

 The Company’s investment
policy requires investments to be rated A or better with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The
Company does not intend to sell the securities that have an unrealized loss shown in the table above and it is not more likely
than not that the Company will be required to sell the investment before recovery of their amortized costs bases, which may be
maturity. The Company recognizes the credit component of other-than-temporary impairments of debt securities in "Other Income"
and the noncredit component in "Other comprehensive income (loss)" for those securities that we do not intend to sell
and for which it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell before recovery. During 2014 and 2013, the Company
did not record any material impairment charges on its outstanding securities. 

   

 The fair value of our
securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, in the performance of the underlying collateral and
in the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. In 2013, Garmin experienced unrealized, non-cash losses
on its investment portfolio resulting in a balance of $57,356 and $4,377 of gross other-than-temporary impairment and other unrealized
losses on marketable securities at December 28, 2013. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the securities at an unrealized
loss position at December 28, 2013 were $1,215,498 and $1,153,765, respectively. This decrease in estimated fair value was primarily
due to market valuations on mortgage-backed securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions declining.  The
decline was due to increases in the 10 Year Treasury Bond Yield during 2013, which caused market valuations of securities in our
investment portfolios to decline.  

   

 The 10 Year Treasury Bond
Yield decreased in 2014, resulting in a balance of $13,031 and $8,420 of gross other-than-temporary impairment and other unrealized
losses on marketable securities at December 27, 2014. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the securities at an unrealized
loss position at December 27, 2014 were $1,276,404 and $1,254,953, respectively. Approximately 59% of securities in our portfolio
were at an unrealized loss position at December 27, 2014. We have the ability to hold these securities until maturity or their
value is recovered. We do not consider these unrealized losses to be other than temporary credit losses because there has been
no deterioration in credit quality and no change in the cash flows of the underlying securities. We do not intend to sell the
securities and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities; therefore, no impairment has been
recorded in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of income. 

   

 The cost of securities
sold is based on the specific identification method. 

   

 The following table displays
additional information regarding gross unrealized losses and fair value by major security type for available-for-sale securities
in an unrealized loss position as of December 27, 2014. There was an immaterial amount of unrealized losses related to securities
that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer as of December 28, 2013. 

   


 
     79 
       
     

 



 
 

   

 
 
         
     As of December 27, 2014   
 
         
     Less than 12 Consecutive Months     
     12 Consecutive Months or Longer   
 
         
     Gross Unrealized     
           
     Gross Unrealized     
         
 
         
       Losses     
       Fair Value     
       Losses     
       Fair Value   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
     $ (2,164 )   
     $ 210,413     
     $ (5,934 )   
     $ 184,955   
 
     Obligations of states and political subdivisions   
       (800 )   
       92,306     
       (5,521 )   
       249,676   
 
     Corporate bonds   
       (4,026 )   
       383,631     
       (2,944 )   
       113,700   
 
     Common Stocks   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Other   
       (52 )   
       18,078     
       (10 )   
       2,194   
 
     Total   
     $ (7,042 )   
     $ 704,428     
     $ (14,409 )   
     $ 550,525   
 

   

 The amortized cost
and estimated fair value of marketable securities at December 27, 2014, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities
will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations without
prepayment penalties. 

   

 
 
         
           
     Estimated   
 
         
     Cost     
     Fair Value   
 
         
             
           
 
     Due in one year or less (2015)   
     $ 167,737     
     $ 167,994   
 
     Due after one year through five years (2016-2020)   
       719,435     
       715,031   
 
     Due after five years through ten years (2021-2025)   
       271,201     
       266,004   
 
     Due after ten years (2026 and thereafter)   
       436,391     
       426,304   
 
         
     $ 1,594,764     
     $ 1,575,333   
 

   

 4. Commitments and Contingencies  

   

 Rental expense related
to office, equipment, warehouse space and real estate amounted to $19,559, $18,721 and $17,470 for the years ended December 27,
2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012, respectively. The Company recognizes rental expense on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. 

   

 Future minimum lease
payments are as follows: 

   

 
 
     Year   
       Amount   
 
     2015   
       16,422   
 
     2016   
       13,781   
 
     2017   
       10,469   
 
     2018   
       8,693   
 
     2019   
       7,098   
 
     Thereafter   
       14,840   
 
     Total   
       71,303   
 

   

 Certain cash balances
of GEL and GC are held as collateral by banks securing payment of local value-added tax requirements.  The total amount of
restricted cash balances were $308 and $249 at December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, respectively. 

   

 The Company is party
to certain commitments, which includes raw materials, advertising and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our
business.  Pursuant to these agreements, the Company is contractually committed to make purchases of approximately $268,075
over the next five years. 

   

 In the normal course
of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, actions, and complaints, including matters involving
patent infringement and other intellectual property claims and various other risks.  It is not possible to predict with certainty
whether or not the Company and its subsidiaries will ultimately be successful in any of these legal matters, or if not, what the
impact might be.   However, the Company’s management does not expect that the results in any of these legal proceedings
will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

   


 
     80 
       
     

   

 5. Employee Benefit Plans  

   

 GII and the Company’s
other U.S.-based subsidiaries sponsor a defined contribution employee retirement plan under which their employees may contribute
up to 50% of their annual compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code maximum limitations and to which the subsidiaries contribute
a specified percentage of each participant’s annual compensation up to certain limits as defined in the retirement plan.
Additionally, GEL has a defined contribution plan under which its employees may contribute up to 7.5% of their annual compensation.
In both the plans described above, the subsidiaries contribute an amount determined annually at the discretion of the Board of
Directors. During the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012, expense related to these plans of
$29,267, $26,839 and $22,159, respectively, was charged to operations. 

   

 Certain of the Company’s
foreign subsidiaries participate in local defined benefit pension plans. Contributions are calculated by formulas that consider
final pensionable salaries. Neither obligations nor contributions for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and
December 29, 2012, were significant. 

   

 6. Income Taxes 

   

 The Company’s
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following: 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Federal:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
     $ (18,665 )   
     $ (11,907 )   
     $ 83,185   
 
     Deferred   
       58,164     
       1,913     
       (22,988 ) 
 
         
       39,499     
       (9,994 )   
       60,197   
 
     State:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       5,575     
       2,584     
       8,532   
 
     Deferred   
       4,368     
       (408 )   
       (5,327 ) 
 
         
       9,943     
       2,176     
       3,205   
 
     Foreign:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       287,197     
       37,094     
       22,296   
 
     Deferred   
       22,895     
       11,870     
       (3,573 ) 
 
         
       310,092     
       48,964     
       18,723   
 
     Total   
     $ 359,534     
     $ 41,146     
     $ 82,125   
 

   

 The income tax provision
differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to income before taxes. The sources and
tax effects of the differences, including the impact of establishing tax contingency accruals, are as follows: 

   


 
     81 
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Federal income tax expense at U.S. statutory rate   
     $ 253,260     
     $ 229,420     
     $ 218,585   
 
     State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect   
       6,463     
       1,414     
       2,083   
 
     Foreign tax rate differential   
       (154,338 )   
       (121,279 )   
       (141,456 ) 
 
     Taiwan tax holiday benefit   
       (3,147 )   
       (4,944 )   
       (6,418 ) 
 
     Other foreign taxes less incentives and credits   
       5,947     
       (2,032 )   
       (6,214 ) 
 
     Withholding Tax   
       21,039     
       7,073     
       3,927   
 
     Intercompany Restructuring   
       307,635     
       -     
       -   
 
     Net change in uncertain tax positions   
       (67,231 )   
       (50,700 )   
       19,850   
 
     U.S. federal domestic production activities    deduction   
       (3,606 )   
       (3,550 )   
       (6,276 ) 
 
     U.S. federal research and development credit   
       (8,373 )   
       (14,876 )   
       -   
 
     Other, net   
       1,885     
       620     
       (1,956 ) 
 
     Income tax expense   
     $ 359,534     
     $ 41,146     
     $ 82,125   
 

   

 In
the third quarter of 2014, the Company initiated an inter-company restructuring that realigned our corporate entity structure. 
This change in corporate structure provides access to historical earnings that were previously permanently reinvested and allows
us to efficiently repatriate future earnings.  As a direct and indirect result of the change in corporate structure, Garmin
recorded tax expense of $307,635.    The first cash tax payment
of $78,137 associated with the restructuring was made in the third quarter of 2014.  We anticipate paying approximately $185,000
in the second quarter of 2015.  The remainder of the accrued tax is expected to be paid incrementally as the cash is repatriated. 

   

 The holding company
statutory federal income tax rate in Switzerland, the Company's place of incorporation since its redomestication to Switzerland
effective June 27, 2010, is 7.83%.  If the Company reconciled taxes at the Swiss holding company federal statutory tax rate
to the reported income tax for 2014 as presented above, the amounts related to tax at the statutory rate would be approximately
$197,000 lower, or $57,000, and the foreign tax rate differential would be adjusted by a similar amount to $44,000. For 2013, the
amounts related to tax at the statutory rate would be approximately $178,000 lower, or $51,000, and the foreign tax rate differential
would be adjusted by a similar amount to approximately $64,000. For 2012, the amount related to tax at the statutory rate would
be approximately $170,000 lower, or $49,000, and the foreign tax differential would be reduced by a similar amount to approximately
$31,000. All other amounts would remain substantially unchanged. 

   

 The Company’s
income before income taxes attributable to non-U.S. operations was $546,790, $502,423, and $495,908, for the years ended December
27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012, respectively. The Taiwan tax holiday benefits included in the table above reflect
$0.02, $0.03, and $0.03 per weighted-average common share outstanding for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013,
and December 29, 2012, respectively. The Company currently expects to benefit from these Taiwan tax holidays through 2017, at which
time these tax benefits will likely expire. 

   

 Income taxes of $20,606,
$307,990, and $252,452 at December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012, respectively, have not been accrued by the
Company for the unremitted earnings of several of its foreign subsidiaries. These balances decreased in 2014 as a result of the
intercompany restructuring which reduced the amount of earnings reinvested in the subsidiaries indefinitely. 

   

 Deferred income taxes
reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities
are as follows: 

   


 
     82 
       
     

   

 
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Deferred tax assets:   
             
           
 
     Product warranty accruals   
     $ 3,560     
     $ 3,000   
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
       9,111     
       11,394   
 
     Inventory reserves   
       8,161     
       5,491   
 
     Sales program allowances   
       1,081     
       525   
 
     Other accruals   
       11,058     
       8,927   
 
     Stock option compensation   
       38,265     
       47,954   
 
     Tax credit carryforwards   
       2,726     
       55,435   
 
     Amortization   
       21,595     
       23,900   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       43,644     
       62,079   
 
     Net operating losses of subsidiaries   
       12,456     
       11,561   
 
     Benefit related to uncertain tax positions   
       4,246     
       9,904   
 
     Other   
       3,485     
       4,064   
 
     Valuation allowance related to loss carryforward and tax credits   
       (11,358 )   
       (63,361 ) 
 
         
       148,030     
       180,873   
 
     Deferred tax liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       16,192     
       16,202   
 
     Reserve for sales returns   
       419     
       733   
 
     Prepaid expenses   
       3,283     
       4,766   
 
     Book basis in excess of tax basis for acquired entities   
       2,099     
       2,343   
 
     Unrealized investment loss   
       6,384     
       1,429   
 
     Withholding tax   
       50,561     
       -   
 
     Other   
       2,448     
       -   
 
         
       81,386     
       25,473   
 
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ 66,644     
     $ 155,400   
 

   

 The Company recognized
a $29,615 deferred tax asset during 2010 for the future tax benefit of the fair market value step-up in basis of intangible assets
related to the redomestication to Switzerland and local statutory tax reporting requirements. The deferred tax asset was recognized
as an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital in 2010 and will reverse as the intangible assets are amortized for Swiss statutory
and tax reporting purposes. 

   

 At December 27, 2014,
the Company had $2,726 of tax credit carryover compared to $55,435 at December 28, 2013, of which $52,618 was Taiwan surtax credit
offset with a full valuation allowance. The surtax credit carryover from 2013 of $52,618 was adjusted and subsequently fully utilized
in 2014 upon the execution of the inter-company restructuring. In turn, the entire valuation allowance regarding the surtax credit
was released. 

   

 At December 27, 2014,
the Company had a deferred tax asset of $12,456 related to the future tax benefit on net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of
$87,388.  Included in the NOL carryforwards is $8,125 that relates to Spain and expires in varying amounts between 2022 and
2027, $59,697 that relates to Switzerland and expires in 2020, $11,958 related to the Netherlands that expires in varying amounts
between 2014 and 2022, $1,299 that relates to Finland and expires in 2024 and $6,309 that relates to various other jurisdictions
and has no expiration date. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for a portion of its deferred tax asset relating to
various tax attributes that it does not believe are more likely than not to be realized. In the future, if the Company determines,
based on existence of sufficient evidence, that it should realize more or less of its deferred tax assets, an adjustment to the
valuation allowance will be made in the period such a determination is made. 

   

 The total amount of
gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 27, 2014 was $77,495.  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount
of gross unrecognized tax benefits for years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 27, 2012 is as follows: 

   


 
     83 
       
     

   

 

 
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Balance at beginning of year   
     $ 133,015     
     $ 182,870     
     $ 156,354   
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to prior years   
       2,889     
       2,668     
       3,263   
 
     Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years   
       (60,967 )   
       (8,195 )   
       (897 ) 
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to current period   
       39,115     
       30,262     
       33,232   
 
     Reductions related to settlements with tax authorities   
       (401 )   
       (416 )   
       (665 ) 
 
     Expiration of statute of limitations   
       (36,156 )   
       (74,174 )   
       (8,417 ) 
 
     Balance at end of year   
     $ 77,495     
     $ 133,015     
     $ 182,870   
 

   

 The December 27, 2014
balance of $74,205 of net unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate.  None of the unrecognized
tax benefits are due to uncertainty in the timing of deductibility.  

   

 Accounting guidance
requires unrecognized tax benefits to be classified as non-current liabilities, except for the portion that is expected to be paid
within one year of the balance sheet date.  The entire $74,205, $125,918 and $173,532 are required to be classified as non-current
at December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012, respectively. 

   

 Interest and penalties,
if any, accrued on the unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in income tax expense.  At December 27, 2014, December 28,
2013, and December 29, 2012, the Company had accrued approximately $2,159, $5,111, and $8,222, respectively, for interest. 
The interest component of the reserve increased (decreased) income tax expense for the years ending December 27, 2014, December
28, 2013, and December 29, 2012 by ($2,953), ($3,111), and ($4,705), respectively. The Company had no amounts accrued for penalties
as the nature of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not warrant the imposition of penalties. 

   

 The Company files income
tax returns in Switzerland and U.S. federal jurisdictions, as well as various state, local and foreign jurisdictions.  With
few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local tax examinations by tax authorities for years
2012 and prior.  The Company is no longer subject to Taiwan income tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2008 and
prior.  The Company is no longer subject to United Kingdom tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2011 and prior. The
Company is subject to Switzerland income tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2010 through 2014. 

   

 The Company recognized
a reduction of income tax expense of $83,006, $74,217, and $9,027 in fiscal years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and
December 29, 2012, respectively, to reflect the expiration of statutes of limitations and releases due to audit settlement in various
jurisdictions. 

   

 The Company believes
that it is reasonably possible that approximately $5,000 to $10,000 of its reserves for certain unrecognized tax benefits will
decrease within the next 12 months as the result of the expiration of statutes of limitations. This potential decrease in unrecognized
tax benefits would impact the Company’s effective tax rate within the next 12 months. 

   

 7. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

   

 	As required by
the  Financial Instruments  topic of the FASB ASC, the following summarizes required information about the fair value of certain
financial instruments for which it is currently practicable to estimate such value. None of the financial instruments are held
or issued for trading purposes. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are as follows: 

   


 
     84 
       
     

   



 
 

   

 
 
         
     December 27, 2014     
     December 28, 2013   
 
         
     Carrying     
     Fair     
     Carrying     
     Fair   
 
         
     Amount     
     Value     
     Amount     
     Value   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149     
     $ 1,179,149   
 
     Restricted cash   
       308     
       308     
       249     
       249   
 
     Marketable securities   
       1,575,333     
       1,575,333     
       1,651,968     
       1,651,968   
 

   

 For certain of the Company’s
financial instruments, including accounts receivable, loan receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, the carrying
amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

   

 8. Segment Information  

   

 The Company has identified
five reportable segments for external reporting purposes – auto/mobile, aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness. There are
three operating segments (auto PND, auto OEM and mobile) that are not reported separately but aggregated within the auto/mobile
reportable segment. Each operating segment is individually reviewed and evaluated by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM),
who allocates resources and assesses performance of each segment individually. 

   

 All of the Company’s
reportable segments offer products through the Company’s network of independent dealers and distributors as well as through
OEM’s. However, the nature of products and types of customers for the five reportable segments vary. The Company’s
marine, auto/mobile, outdoor, and fitness segments include portable global positioning system (GPS) receivers and accessories
sold primarily to retail outlets. These products are produced primarily by the Company’s subsidiary in Taiwan. The Company’s
aviation products are portable and panel mount avionics for Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules navigation and are
sold primarily to aviation dealers and certain aircraft manufacturers. 

   

 The Company’s Chief
Executive Officer has been identified as the CODM. The CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources based on income before
income taxes of each segment.   Income before income taxes represents net sales less operating expenses including certain
allocated general and administrative costs, interest income and expense, foreign currency adjustments, and other non-operating
corporate expenses. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant
accounting policies. There are no inter-segment sales or transfers. 

   

 The Company’s reportable
segments share many common resources, infrastructures and assets in the normal course of business. Thus, the Company does not
report accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, intangible assets, or capital expenditures by segment to the
CODM. 

   

 Revenues, interest income,
and income before income taxes for each of the Company’s reportable segments are presented below: 

   


 
     85 
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December
    27, 2014   
 
         
           
           
           
           
     Auto/     
         
 
         
     Aviation     
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Mobile     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales to external customers   
     $ 385,915     
     $ 427,555     
     $ 568,440     
     $ 248,371     
     $ 1,240,377     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Allocated interest income   
       2,689     
       5,282     
       7,739     
       3,841     
       16,033     
       35,584   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       107,867     
       152,946     
       196,771     
       30,117     
       236,044     
       723,745   
 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December
    28, 2013   
 
         
           
           
           
           
     Auto/     
         
 
         
     Aviation     
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Mobile     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales to external customers   
     $ 339,337     
     $ 410,989     
     $ 356,283     
     $ 222,928     
     $ 1,302,314     
     $ 2,631,851   
 
     Allocated interest income   
       2,445     
       6,030     
       5,150     
       3,777     
       17,869     
       35,271   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       93,083     
       168,549     
       131,411     
       25,993     
       234,522     
       653,558   
 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December
    29, 2012   
 
         
           
           
           
           
     Auto/     
         
 
         
     Aviation     
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Mobile     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales to external customers   
     $ 291,564     
     $ 401,747     
     $ 321,788     
     $ 208,136     
     $ 1,492,440     
     $ 2,715,675   
 
     Allocated interest income   
       1,546     
       3,951     
       3,799     
       2,838     
       22,974     
       35,108   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       75,177     
       167,734     
       114,274     
       35,725     
       231,618     
       624,528   
 

   

 Net sales, long-lived
assets (property and equipment), and net assets by geographic area are as shown below for the years ended December 27, 2014, December
28, 2013 and December 29, 2012. Note that APAC refers to the Asia Pacific region, and EMEA includes Europe, the Middle East and
Africa. 

   

 

 
 
         
     Americas     
     APAC     
     EMEA     
     Total   
 
     December 27, 2014   
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,538,322     
     $ 278,092     
     $ 1,054,244     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
     $ 269,858     
     $ 111,464     
     $ 49,565     
     $ 430,887   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
     $ 2,142,624     
     $ 939,852     
     $ 320,891     
     $ 3,403,367   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     December 28, 2013   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,432,895     
     $ 243,056     
     $ 955,900     
     $ 2,631,851   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       239,528     
       121,012     
       54,308     
       414,848   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       1,338,401     
       2,048,903     
       272,402     
       3,659,706   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     December 29, 2012   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,513,457     
     $ 256,882     
     $ 945,336     
     $ 2,715,675   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       222,310     
       134,257     
       53,184     
       409,751   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       1,262,498     
       2,028,984     
       240,314     
       3,531,796   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 


   

 (1)   The U.S. is the only country which constitutes greater than 10% of net sales to external customers. 

 (2)   Americas and APAC net assets are primarily held in the United States and Taiwan, respectively. 




 

   

 


 
     86 
       
     

   

 9. Stock Compensation
Plans  

   

 Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation 

   

 The various Company stock
compensation plans are summarized below. For all stock compensation plans, the company’s policy is to issue treasury shares
for option/SAR exercises, RSU releases and ESPP purchases. 

   

 2011 Non-employee Directors’
Equity Incentive Plan 

   

 In June 2011, the stockholders
adopted an equity incentive plan for non-employee directors (the 2011 Directors Plan) providing for grants of stock options, SARs,
RSUs and/or performance shares, pursuant to which up to 122,592 shares were available for issuance. The term of each award cannot
exceed ten years. Awards may vest over a minimum two-year period. During 2014, 2013, and 2012, 7,120, 11,484, and 9,616 restricted
stock units were granted under this plan. 

   

 2005 Equity Incentive
Plan 

   

 In June 2005, the shareholders
adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2005 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options,
SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to 10,000,000 common
shares were available for issuance. Option and SAR grants vest evenly over a period of five years or as otherwise determined by
the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire ten years from the date of grant, if not exercised.
RSUs granted prior to December 10, 2012, vested or are vesting evenly over a period of five years, while RSUs granted on and after
that date vest evenly over a period of three years. RSU grants do not expire. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, 425,347, 413,978, and
495,814 restricted stock units were granted under the 2005 Plan. In addition, in 2014 and 2013, 47,095 and 52,673 stock appreciation
rights were granted under the 2005 plan and in 2012, 61,235 stock options were granted under the 2005 Plan. No performance shares
were granted under the 2005 Plan in 2014, 2013, or 2012. In 2013, the stockholders approved an additional 3,000,000 shares to
the plan, making the total shares authorized under the plan 13,000,000. 

   

 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan 

   

 In October 2000, the shareholders
adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2000 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options,
SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to 7,000,000 common
shares were available for issuance. The stock options and stock appreciation rights vest evenly over a period of five years or
as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire ten years from the date of
grant, if not exercised. The Company did not grant any stock awards from the 2000 Plan in 2014, 2013, or 2012. 

   

 2000 Non-employee Directors’
Option Plan 

   

 Also in October 2000,
the stockholders adopted a stock option plan for non-employee directors (the 2000 Directors Plan) providing for grants of options
for up to 100,000 common shares. The term of each award is ten years. All awards vest evenly over a three-year period. During
2010, options to purchase 23,924 were granted under this plan. In 2009, the stockholders approved an additional 150,000 shares
to the plan, making the total shares authorized under the plan 250,000. Following the June 2011 approval of the 2011 Directors
Plan, the Company will no longer issue options to purchase shares under this plan. 

   

 Stock-Based Compensation
Activity 

   

 A summary of the Company’s
stock-based compensation activity and related information under the 2011 Directors Plan, the 2005 Plan and the 2000 Plan for the
years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012: 

   


 
     87 
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Stock Options and SARs   
 
         
     Weighted-Average     
         
 
         
     Exercise Price     
     Number of Shares   
 
         
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
         
 
     Outstanding at December 31, 2011   
     $ 53.14     
       8,073   
 
     Granted   
     $ 42.16     
       61   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 24.20     
       (794 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 66.45     
       (208 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 29, 2012   
     $ 55.88     
       7,132   
 
     Granted   
     $ 49.07     
       52   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 26.85     
       (662 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 66.09     
       (283 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 28, 2013   
     $ 58.44     
       6,239   
 
     Granted   
     $ 52.44     
       47   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 40.60     
       (1,430 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 80.49     
       (125 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 27, 2014   
     $ 63.19     
       4,731   
 
     Exercisable at December 27, 2014   
     $ 63.73     
       4,580   
 
     Expected to vest after December 27, 2014   
     $ 47.36     
       125   
 

   

 
 
     Stock Options and SARs
    as of December 27, 2014   
 
     Exercise   
     Awards     
     Remaining     
     Awards   
 
     Price   
     Outstanding     
     Life (Years)     
     Exercisable   
 
         
     (In Thousands)     
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     $18.00 -$40.00   
       502     
       1.48     
       477   
 
     $40.01 - $60.00   
       2,108     
       2.90     
       1,982   
 
     $60.01 - $80.00   
       1,033     
       2.44     
       1,033   
 
     $80.01 - $100.00   
       3     
       2.95     
       3   
 
     $100.01 - $120.00   
       1,083     
       2.92     
       1,083   
 
     $120.01 - $140.00   
       2     
       2.75     
       2   
 
         
       4,731     
       2.57     
       4,580   
 

    

 
 
         
     Restricted Stock Units   
 
         
     Weighted-Average     
         
 
         
     Grant Date Fair Value     
     Number of Shares   
 
         
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
         
 
     Outstanding at December 31, 2011   
     $ 29.40     
       1,478   
 
     Granted   
     $ 39.41     
       506   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 41.59     
       (435 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 26.11     
       (89 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 29, 2012   
     $ 30.06     
       1,460   
 
     Granted   
     $ 45.05     
       425   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 28.28     
       (579 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 30.63     
       (81 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 28, 2013   
     $ 37.36     
       1,225   
 
     Granted   
     $ 48.73     
       432   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 36.00     
       (522 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 37.02     
       (47 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 27, 2014   
     $ 42.55     
       1,088   
 

   


 
     88 
       
     

   

 The weighted-average remaining
contract life for stock options and SARs outstanding and exercisable at December 27, 2014 is 2.57 and 2.42 years, respectively.
The weighted-average remaining contract life of restricted stock units at December 27, 2014 was 1.54 years. 

   

 The fair value for these
options was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions
for 2014, 2013, and 2012: 

   

 
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted   
     $ 12.42     
     $ 12.82     
     $ 9.98   
 
     Expected volatility   
       0.3342     
       0.3746     
       0.3906   
 
     Dividend yield   
       3.57 %   
       3.86 %   
       4.50 % 
 
     Expected life of options in years   
       6.8     
       6.8     
       6.6   
 
     Risk-free interest rate   
       1.9 %   
       2.1 %   
       1.0 % 
 

    

 The Black-Scholes option
valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options and SARs which have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including
the expected stock price volatility. 

   

 The total fair value of
awards vested during 2014, 2013, and 2012 $19,127, $20,956, and $32,612, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of options
and SARs outstanding and exercisable at December 27, 2014 were $21,592 and $20,542, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values
of options and SARs exercised during 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $18,885, $13,114, and $12,548 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of RSUs outstanding at December 27, 2014 was $58,521. The aggregate intrinsic values of RSUs released during 2014, 2013,
and 2012, were $28,119, $27,007, and $17,390 respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of options and SARS represents the applicable
number of awards multiplied by the positive difference between the exercise price and the Company’s closing stock price
on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the applicable number of awards
multiplied by the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. The Company’s
closing stock price was $53.81 on December 27, 2014. As of December 27, 2014, there was $44,654 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards granted to employees under the stock compensation plans. That cost is
expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period. 

   

 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan 

   

 The shareholders also
adopted an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for the ESPP with shareholders
approving an additional 2,000,000 shares in May 2010. Shares will be offered to employees at a price equal to the lesser of 85%
of the fair market value of the stock on the date of purchase or 85% of the fair market value on the first day of the ESPP period.
The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code.
During 2014, 2013, and 2012, 349,982, 395,220, and 326,483, shares, respectively were purchased under the plan for a total purchase
price of $14,634, $12,181, and $10,629, respectively. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, the purchases were issued from treasury shares.
At December 27, 2014, approximately 489,381 shares were available for future issuance. 

   

 10. Earnings Per Share
 

   

 The following table sets
forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share: 

   


 
     89 
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 27,     
     December 28,     
     December 29,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Numerator:   
             
             
           
 
     Numerator for basic
    and diluted net income per share - net income   
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Denominator:   
             
             
           
 
     Denominator for basic net income per share –
    weighted-average common shares   
       193,106     
       195,411     
       194,909   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Effect of dilutive securities
    – employee stock options and stock appreciation rights   
       1,059     
       928     
       1,304   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Denominator for diluted net
    income per share – adjusted weighted-average common shares   
       194,165     
       196,339     
       196,213   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13     
     $ 2.78   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Diluted net income per share   
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12     
     $ 2.76   
 

   

 Options to purchase 2,240,005,
5,475,000, and 5,640,615 common shares were outstanding during 2014, 2013 and 2012, but were not included in the computation of
diluted earnings per share because the effect was antidilutive. 

   

 11. Share Repurchase Plan 

   

 On February 15, 2013,
the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $300,000 of its common shares
through December 31, 2014.  Under the plan, the Company repurchased 1,376,500 shares using cash of $58,422 in fiscal 2013
and 4,369,360 shares using cash of $241,578 in fiscal 2014.  

   

 12. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

   

 The following provides
required disclosure of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) balances by component for the year ended December
27, 2014: 

   


 
     90 
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Foreign Currency  
    Translation   Adjustment     
     Gross unrealized  
    losses on   available-for-sale   securities-OTTI  (1 )     
     Net unrealized   gains(losses)
    on   available-for-sale   securities- 
    Other (2)     
     Total   
 
     Balance - beginning of period   
     $ 85,363     
     $ (57,356 )   
     $ 10,034     
     $ 38,041   
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassification   
       (64,489 )   
       44,325     
       (15,172 )   
       (35,336 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive
    income   
       -     
       -     
       (134 )   
       (134 ) 
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       (64,489 )   
       44,325     
       (15,306 )   
       (35,470 ) 
 
     Balance - end of period   
     $ 20,874     
     $ (13,031 )   
     $ (5,272 )   
     $ 2,571   
 

   

 (1) Represents the change in impairment,
not related to credit, for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

 (2) Represents the change in unrealized
gains/(losses) on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

   

 The following provides
required disclosure of reporting reclassifications out of AOCI for the year ended December 27, 2014: 

    

 
 
     Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive
      Income Components   
     Amount Reclassified from
      Accumulated Other   Comprehensive Income     
     Affected Line Item in the Statement 
    Where Net Income is Presented 
 
         
           
       
 
     Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities   
     $ 505     
     Other income (expense) 
 
         
       (370 )   
     Income tax provision 
 
         
     $ 135     
     Net of tax 
 

   

 13. Selected Quarterly Information (Unaudited)
 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December
    27, 2014   
 
         
     Quarter Ending   
 
         
     March 29     
     June 28     
     September 27     
     December 27   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 583,221     
     $ 777,848     
     $ 706,283     
     $ 803,306   
 
     Gross profit   
       330,834     
       444,485     
       398,246     
       430,848   
 
     Net income   
       118,818     
       181,983     
       (146,834 )   
       210,245   
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 0.61     
     $ 0.94     
     ($ 0.76 )   
     $ 1.10   
 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended December
    28, 2013   
 
         
     Quarter Ending   
 
         
     March 30     
     June 29     
     September 28     
     December 28   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 531,957     
     $ 696,563     
     $ 643,637     
     $ 759,694   
 
     Gross profit   
       276,133     
       383,640     
       352,889     
       394,638   
 
     Net income   
       88,666     
       172,491     
       187,669     
       163,586   
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 0.45     
     $ 0.88     
     $ 0.96     
     $ 0.84   
 

   


 
     91 
       
     

   

 The above quarterly financial
data is unaudited, but in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the selected data for
these interim periods presented have been included. These results are not necessarily indicative of future quarterly results (the
table may not foot due to rounding). 

   

 14. Subsequent Events 

   

 On February 13, 2015,
the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the common
shares of Garmin Ltd. The repurchases may be made from time to time as market and business conditions warrant on the open market
or in negotiated transactions in compliance with the SEC’s Rule 10b-18. The timing and amounts of any repurchases will be
determined by the Company’s management depending on market conditions and other factors including price, regulatory requirements
and capital availability. The program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued
at any time. The share repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2016. 

   

 Other disclosures required by Swiss law: 

   

 
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Personnel expenses (CHF in Thousands)   
       596,491     
       559,037     
       521,799   
 

   

 The detailed disclosures
regarding significant shareholders as well as the board and executive share ownership that are required by Swiss law are included
in Notes 6 and 7 to the Garmin Ltd. (Switzerland) statutory financial statements. 

   

 As of December 27, 2014,
December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012, the Company’s property, plant and equipment are insured against fire under a global
insurance policy, which covers damages up to USD 500 million per occurrence. The net amount of property, plant and equipment presented
in the balance sheet at each period end approximates the replacement costs. 

   

 Garmin Ltd.’s risk
assessment is presented in Note 8 – Risk Assessment of the Garmin Ltd. (Switzerland) statutory financial statements. 

   

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

   

 (a) Conclusion Regarding
the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

   


 
     92 
       
     

   

 (b) Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 Management of the Company
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 Management’s assessment
of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting are included as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1
and 32.2. 

   

 Management of the Company
assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2014. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework” (2013 framework). 

   

 Based on such assessment
and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 27, 2014. 

   

 Ernst & Young LLP,
the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company’s consolidated financial statements, issued an
attestation report on management’s effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 27, 2014, as stated in their report which is included herein. That attestation report appears below. 

   

 (c)   Attestation Report of the Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   


 
     93 
       
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Garmin Ltd. 
and Subsidiaries    

   

 We have audited Garmin Ltd.
and Subsidiaries’ internal control over financial
reporting as of December 27, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Garmin Ltd.’s management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

   

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 In our opinion, Garmin Ltd.
and Subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2014, based on the COSO criteria. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries as of December
27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2014 of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries and our report
dated February 18, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

   

 
 
       
     /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
 
     Kansas City, Missouri 
       
 
     February 18, 2015 
       
 
   


 
     94 
       
     

   

 (d) Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 27, 2014 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
     95 
       
     

   

 PART III 

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

   

 Garmin has incorporated
by reference certain information in response or partial response to the Items under this Part III of this Annual Report on Form
10-K pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of this Form 10-K and Rule 12b-23 under the Exchange Act. Garmin’s definitive
proxy statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 5, 2015 (the “Proxy Statement”)
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 27, 2014. 

   

 
 (a) Directors of the Company  

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal 1 - Election of Two Directors” and “The
Board of Directors” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

   

 
 (b) Executive Officers of the Company 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I
of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (c) Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (d) Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the heading “The Board of Directors — Audit Committee” in the
Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 The Audit Committee consists
of Joseph J. Hartnett, Charles W. Peffer and Thomas P. Poberezny. Mr. Peffer serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. All
members of the Audit Committee are “independent” within the meaning of the rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Marketplace
Rules. Garmin’s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Hartnett and Mr. Peffer are “audit committee financial
experts” as defined by the SEC regulations implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

   

 
 (e) Code of Ethics 

   

 Garmin’s Board of
Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the “Code”). The Code is applicable to
all Garmin employees including the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller and other
officers. A copy of the Code is available on Garmin’s website at:	 http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/documents/Code_of_Conduct.pdf.
If any amendments to the Code are made, or any waivers with respect to the Code are granted to the President and Chief Executive
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or Controller, or any person performing a similar function, such amendment or waiver will
be disclosed on Garmin’s website at: http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/documents/Code_of_Conduct.pdf. 

   


 
     96 
       
     

    

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Executive Compensation Matters” and “The Board
of Directors – Non-Management Director Compensation” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K under the heading “The Board of Directors — Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation; Certain Relationships” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Compensation Matters – Report of Compensation
Committee” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 403 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 12. 

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information  

   

 The following table gives
information as of December 27, 2014 about the Garmin common shares that may be issued under all of the Company’s existing
equity compensation plans, as adjusted for stock splits. 

   

 

 
 
       
       
     A 
       
       
     B 
       
       
     C 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     Number of securities 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     remaining available
    for 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     future issuance
    under 
       
 
       
       
     Number of securities
    to be 
       
       
     Weighted-average 
       
       
     equity compensation 
       
 
       
       
     issued upon exercise
    of 
       
       
     exercise price
    of 
       
       
     plans (excluding 
       
 
       
       
     outstanding options, 
       
       
     outstanding options, 
       
       
     securities reflected
    in 
       
 
     Plan Category   
       
     warrants
    and rights 
       
       
     warrants
    and rights 
       
       
     column
    A) 
       
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 
       
       
     5,818,753 
       
       
     $ 
     63.19 
       
       
       
     5,443,447 
       
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
       
       
     — 
       
       
       
     — 
       
       
       
     — 
       
 
     Total 
       
       
     5,818,753 
       
       
     $ 
     63.19 
       
       
       
     5,443,447 
       
 


   


 
     97 
       
     

   

 Table consists of the
Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective June 5, 2010), the Garmin Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan, the Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Option Plan, effective June 5, 2010, the Garmin
Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective January 1, 2010 and the Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors
Equity Incentive Plan, effective June 3, 2011. The weighted-average exercise price does not reflect the shares that will be issued
upon the payment of outstanding awards of RSUs. 

   

 The Company has no knowledge
of any arrangement, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation;
Certain Relationships” in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 13. 

   

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal One— Election of Two Directors” and
“The Board of Directors” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to
this Item 13. 

   

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and
Services 

   

 The information set forth
under the headings “Audit Matters — Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees” and “Pre-Approval
of Services Provided by the Independent Auditor” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference in response
to this Item 14. 

   


 
     98 
       
     

   

 PART IV 

   

 Item 15.   Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules
 

   

 
 (a) List of Documents filed as part of this Report 

   

 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 The consolidated financial statements and related notes,
together with the reports of Ernst & Young LLP, appear in Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”
of this Form 10-K. 

   

 
 (2) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

   

 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable,
                                         are insignificant or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial
                                         statements or notes thereto. 

   

 
 (3) Exhibits — The following exhibits are filed as part
                                         of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

   

 
 
     EXHIBIT 
       
     
 
     NUMBER 
       
     DESCRIPTION 
 
       
       
       
 
     3.1 
       
     Articles of Association of Garmin Ltd., as amended on April 25,
    2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 30,
    2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     3.2 
       
     Organizational Regulations of Garmin Ltd., as amended on February
    14, 2014(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19,
    2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.1 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by
    reference     to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed December 6,
    2000   (Commission     File No. 333-45514)). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.2 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Employees of Garmin International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004).  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.3 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Employees of Garmin Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.4 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for UK-Approved Stock Options for Employees of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.5 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Non UK-Approved Stock Options for Employees of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8- K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
   


 
     99 
       
     

   

 
 
     10.6 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of  the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 filed December 6, 2000 (Commission File No. 333-45514)). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.7 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd.  Non-Employee
    Directors’ Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Garmin Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.8 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2006). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.9 
       
     First Amendment to Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2002). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.10 
       
     Second Amendment to Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2003).
     
 
       
       
       
 
     10.11 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1  of  the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.12 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005
    Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.13 
       
     Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2005
    Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
    on May 8, 2007). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.14 
       
     Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.15 
       
     Amended and Restated Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant’s Annual Report
    on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.16 
       
     Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under
    the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.17 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd.
    2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.18 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2009 Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2009 
 
   


 
     100 
       
     

   

 
 
     10.19 
       
     Amended and Restated Garmin Ltd. Employee
    Stock Purchase Plan, effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Registrant’s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.20 
       
     Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under
    the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as revised by the Registrant’s Board of Directors on December 11, 2009 (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.21 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd.
    2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as revised by the Registrant’s Board of Directors on December 11, 2009 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.22 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated
    Effective June 5, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
    filed on April 21, 2009). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.23 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan, Effective June 5, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Schedule 2 of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement on
    Schedule 14A filed on April 21, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.24 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.25 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
    28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.26 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.27 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.28 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. Amended
    and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.29 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.30 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss residents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
   


 
     101 
       
     

   

 
 
     10.31 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
    pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss residents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.32 
       
     Transaction Agreement between Garmin Ltd., a Cayman Islands company,
    and the Registrant, dated as of May 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.33 
       
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on June 27, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.34 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive
    Plan (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed on April
    21, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.35 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.36 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.37 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Canadian grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.38 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss and non-Canadian grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.39 
       
     Memorandum of Agreement dated March 14, 2013 between Garmin International,
    Inc. and Bombardier , Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    filed on May 8, 2013). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.40 
       
     Amendment dated December 6, 2013 to Memorandum of Agreement between
    Garmin International, Inc. and Bombardier, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Registrant’s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.41   
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated
    Effective June 7, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed
    on April 22, 2013).  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.42 
       
     Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement dated August 4,
    2014 between Garmin Ltd. and each of Douglas G. Boessen, Dr. Donald H. Eller, Andrew R. Etkind, Joseph J. Hartnett, Charles
    W. Peffer, Dr. Min H. Kao, Clifton A. Pemble and Thomas P. Poberezny (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014).   
 
   


 
     102 
       
     

   

 
 
     10.43 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award
    Agreement     pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based and time-based
    restricted stock     unit awards to grantees     who are executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
    Registrant’s     Current Report on Form 8-K     filed on February 16, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.44 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based  and time-based
    restricted stock unit awards to grantees who are not
    executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
    February 16, 2014).  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.45 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of subsidiaries 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1 
       
     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
       
 
     24.1 
       
     Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
   

 
 (b) Exhibits . 

   

 The exhibits listed
on the accompanying Exhibit Index in Item 15(a)(3) are filed as part of, or are incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   

 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . 

   

 Reference is made to
Item 15(a)(2) above. 

   


 
     103 
       
     

   

 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

 Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

 ( In thousands ) 

    

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
         
     Balance at     
     Charged to     
     Charged to     
           
     Balance at   
 
         
     Beginning of     
     Costs and     
     Other     
           
     End of   
 
     Description   
     Period     
     Expenses     
     Accounts     
     Deductions     
     Period   
 
     Year Ended December 27, 2014:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 20,367     
     $ 66     
       -     
     $ (2,103 )   
     $ 18,330   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       28,381     
       25,903     
       -     
       (17,149 )   
       37,135   
 
     Deferred tax asset valuation allowance   
       63,361     
       2,930     
       -     
       (54,933 )   
       11,358   
 
     Total   
     $ 112,109     
     $ 28,899     
       -     
     $ (74,185 )   
     $ 66,823   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Year Ended December 28, 2013:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 20,582     
     $ 1,553     
       -     
     $ (1,768 )   
     $ 20,367   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       26,105     
       20,891     
       -     
       (18,615 )   
       28,381   
 
     Deferred tax asset valuation allowance   
       51,393     
       19,480     
       -     
       (7,512 )   
       63,361   
 
     Total   
     $ 98,080     
     $ 41,924     
       -     
     $ (27,895 )   
     $ 112,109   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Year Ended December 29, 2012:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 20,291     
     $ 2,947     
       -     
     $ (2,656 )   
     $ 20,582   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       29,370     
       11,003     
       -     
       (14,268 )   
       26,105   
 
     Deferred tax asset valuation allowance   
       37,173     
       14,595     
       -     
       (375 )   
       51,393   
 
     Total   
     $ 86,834     
     $ 28,545     
       -     
     $ (17,299 )   
     $ 98,080   
 

   


 
     104 
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
       
     GARMIN LTD. 
 
       
       
 
       
     By 
     /s/ Clifton
    A. Pemble 
 
       
       
     Clifton A. Pemble 
 
       
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
       
       
       
 
     Dated:  February 18, 2015 
       
       
 
   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

   

 Know all persons
by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Clifton A. Pemble and Douglas G. Boessen
and Andrew R. Etkind, and each of them, as his attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities,
to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact,
or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

   

 Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 18, 2015. 

   

 
 
     /s/
     Clifton A. Pemble. 
       
       
 
     Clifton A Pemble 
       
       
 
     Director, President and Chief
    Executive Officer 
       
       
 
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/
     Douglas G. Boessen. 
       
       
 
     Douglas G. Boessen 
       
       
 
     Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
       
       
 
     (Principal Financial Officer
    and Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/
    Min H. Kao 
       
     /s/
    Joseph J. Hartnett 
 
     Min H. Kao 
       
     Joseph J. Hartnett 
 
     Executive Chairman 
       
     Director 
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/Donald
    H. Eller 
       
     /s/
    Thomas  P. Poberezny 
 
     Donald H. Eller 
       
     Thomas P. Poberezny 
 
     Director 
       
     Director 
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/
    Charles W. Peffer 
       
       
 
     Charles W. Peffer 
       
       
 
     Director 
       
       
 
   


 
     105 
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. 

 2014 Form 10-K Annual Report 

 Exhibit Index 

   

 The following exhibits are attached hereto.
See Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of exhibits. 

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
       
       
 
     Number 
       
     Document 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of subsidiaries 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1 
       
     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
   


 
     106 
     

   

 
 
 
 
