
 10-K
 1
 d787661d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549
   FORM 10-K      
   
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014  
  or      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 Commission File Number 001-32356    SPDR ®   GOLD TRUST    SPONSORED BY WORLD GOLD TRUST SERVICES, LLC    (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 New York 
   
 81-6124035 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of   incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
   c/o World Gold Trust Services, LLC  
 510 Madison Avenue, 9th Floor    New York, New York 10022    (212) 317-3800  
 (Address of principal executive offices, telephone number, including area code)  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
   (Title of each class) 
   
   Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 SPDR ®   GOLD Shares 
   
 NYSE Arca, Inc. 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x     Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files).    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer     
   
 x 
   
   Accelerated filer     ¨ 
   
 
 Non-Accelerated filer     ¨ 
   
   Smaller reporting company     ¨ 
 
 
   
 
   
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company)                     
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x     Aggregate market value of registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant’s common stock on March 31, 2014 as
reported by the NYSE Arca, Inc. on that date: $33,523,032,000.    Number of shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding as of
November 21, 2014: 241,100,000          
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS    This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements usually include the verbs, “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,”
“expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “understands” and other verbs suggesting uncertainty. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are merely predictions and therefore inherently
subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could cause the actual results, performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results,
performance, levels of activity, or our achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Trust
undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  
 Additional significant uncertainties and other factors affecting forward-looking statements are presented in the Risk Factors section which appears in
Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      
     “SPDR” is a
trademark of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, LLC (“S&P”) and has been licensed for use by the Sponsor. The “SPDR” trademark is used under license from S&P and the SPDR ®  Gold Trust is permitted to use the “SPDR” trademark pursuant to a sublicense from the Marketing Agent. No
financial product offered by SPDR ®  Gold Trust, or its affiliates, is sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by
S&P. S&P makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of any financial product or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in financial products particularly or the
ability of the index on which financial products are based to track general stock market performance. S&P is not responsible for and has not participated in any determination or calculation made with respect to issuance or redemption of
financial products. S&P has no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of financial products.  
 WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING IN NO EVENT SHALL S&P HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  
      i  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
    
 Page 
   


 
   PART I    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 Item 1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
   Investment Objective 
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
   Overview 
    
   
 2 
    
 
 
    
   The Gold Industry 
    
   
 3 
    
 
 
    
   Business of the Trust 
    
   
 7 
    
 
 
    
   Creation and Redemption of Shares 
    
   
 8 
    
 
 
    
   Trust Expenses 
    
   
 11 
    
 
 
    
   The Sponsor 
    
   
 13 
    
 
 
    
   The Trustee 
    
   
 14 
    
 
 
    
   The Marketing Agent 
    
   
 15 
    
 
 
    
   The Custodian 
    
   
 16 
    
 
 
    
   Custody of the Trust’s Gold 
    
   
 16 
    
 
 
    
   Description of the Custody Agreements 
    
   
 18 
    
 
 
    
   Description of the Shares 
    
   
 20 
    
 
 
    
   United States Federal Tax Consequences 
    
   
 21 
    
 
 
    
   ERISA and Related Considerations 
    
   
 25 
    
 
 Item 1A. 
    
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 26 
    
 
 Item 1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 34 
    
 
 Item 2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 34 
    
 
 Item 3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 34 
    
 
 Item 4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 34 
    
 
   PART II  
    
   
 35 
    
 
 Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 35 
    
 
 Item 6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 37 
    
 
 Item 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 39 
    
 
 Item 7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
   
 45 
    
 
 Item 8. 
    
   Financial Statement and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 45 
    
 
 Item 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 46 
    
 
 Item 9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 46 
    
 
 Item 9B. 
    
   Other Information  
    
   
 48 
    
      i  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     
    
     
    
 Page 
   


 
   PART III  
    
   
 49 
    
 
 Item 10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 49 
    
 
 Item 11. 
    
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 51 
    
 
 Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 51 
    
 
 Item 13. 
    
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
    
   
 51 
    
 
 Item 14. 
    
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 51 
    
 
   PART IV  
    
   
 52 
    
 
 Item 15. 
    
   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 52 
    
 
      ii  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
   
 
 
 Item 1.     Business 
   SPDR ®  Gold Trust, or the Trust, is an investment trust, formed on November 12, 2004 under New York law pursuant to a
trust indenture, or the Trust Indenture. The Trust holds gold and from time to time issues SPDR ®  Gold
Shares, or Shares, in Baskets in exchange for deposits of gold and distributes gold in connection with redemptions of Baskets. A Basket equals a block of 100,000 Shares. The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the
performance of the price of gold bullion, less the Trust’s expenses. World Gold Trust Services, LLC, or WGTS, is the sponsor of the Trust, or the Sponsor. BNY Mellon Asset Servicing, a division of The Bank of New York Mellon, or BNYM,
is the trustee of the Trust, or the Trustee. State Street Global Markets, LLC, or SSGM, is the marketing agent of the Trust, or the Marketing Agent. HSBC Bank USA, N.A., or HSBC, is the custodian of the Trust, or the Custodian. Effective December
22, 2014, HSBC Bank plc will become the Custodian of the Trust.    The Sponsor of the registrant maintains an Internet website at
www.spdrgoldshares.com, through which the registrant’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are made available free of charge after they have been filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Additional information
regarding the Trust may also be found on the SEC’s EDGAR database at www.sec.gov.    Investment Objective
   The Shares are intended to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the gold market through an investment in securities.
Historically, the logistics of buying, storing and insuring gold have constituted a barrier to entry for some institutional and retail investors. The ownership of the Shares is intended to overcome these barriers to entry. The logistics of storing
and insuring gold are dealt with by the Custodian, and the related expenses are built into the price of the Shares. Therefore, the investor does not have any additional tasks or costs over and above those associated with investing in any other
publicly traded security.    The Shares are intended to provide institutional and retail investors with a simple and cost-efficient means of
gaining investment benefits similar to those of holding allocated gold bullion. The Shares offer an investment that is:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Easily Accessible.     Investors can access the gold market through a traditional brokerage account. The Sponsor believes
that investors will be able to more effectively implement strategic and tactical asset allocation strategies that use gold by using the Shares instead of using the traditional means of purchasing, trading and holding gold.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Relatively Cost Efficient.     The Sponsor believes that, for many investors, transaction costs related to the Shares will be
lower than those associated with the purchase, storage and insurance of allocated gold.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Exchange Traded.     The Shares trade on NYSE Arca, Inc., or NYSE Arca, providing investors with an efficient means to buy,
sell, or sell short in order to implement a variety of investment strategies. The Shares are eligible for margin accounts. The Shares are also listed on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores), the Singapore Exchange Securities
Trading Limited, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Backed by Gold Held by the Custodian on Behalf of the Trust.     The Shares are backed by the assets of the Trust and the
Trust does not hold or employ any derivative securities. Further, the Trust’s holdings and their value based on current market prices are reported on the Trust’s website each business day. The Trustee’s arrangements with the Custodian
provide that at the end of each business day there can be in the Trust account maintained by the Custodian no gold in an unallocated form. Accordingly, the Trust’s gold holdings are identified on the Custodian’s books as the property of
the Trust and held in London.  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Overview    The Shares represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust. The Trust is not managed like a corporation or an active investment vehicle. The gold held by the
Trust will only be sold: (1) on an as-needed basis to pay Trust expenses, (2) in the event the Trust terminates and liquidates its assets, or (3) as otherwise required by law or regulation. The sale of gold by the Trust is a taxable
event to shareholders of the Trust, or Shareholders. See “United States Federal Tax Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Shareholders.”  
 The Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not required to register under such act. The Trust
will not hold or trade in commodity futures contracts regulated by the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, or the CEA, as administered by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC. The Trust is not a commodity pool for purposes of the CEA,
and none of the Sponsor, the Trustee or the Marketing Agent is subject to regulation as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor in connection with the Shares.    The Trust creates and redeems Shares from time to time, but only in Baskets. The number of outstanding Shares changes from time to time as a result of the creation and redemption of Baskets. The creation
and redemption of Baskets requires the delivery to the Trust or the distribution by the Trust of the amount of gold and any cash represented by the Baskets being created or redeemed. The total amount of gold and any cash required for the creation of
Baskets is based on the combined net asset value, or NAV, of the number of Baskets being created or redeemed. The number of ounces of gold required to create a Basket or to be delivered upon the redemption of a Basket will continue to gradually
decrease over time. This is because the Shares comprising a Basket will represent a decreasing amount of gold due to the sale of the Trust’s gold to pay the Trust’s expenses.    Baskets may be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants. An Authorized Participant is a person who (1) is a registered broker-dealer or other securities market participant such as a bank
or other financial institution which is not required to register as a broker-dealer to engage in securities transactions, (2) is a participant in the Depository Trust Company system, or DTC, (3) has entered into an agreement with the
Sponsor and the Trustee which provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of the gold and any cash required for such creations and redemptions, or a Participant Agreement, and (4) has established an
unallocated gold account with the Custodian, or an Authorized Participant Unallocated Account. Authorized Participants pay a transaction fee of $2,000 for each order to create or redeem Baskets. Authorized Participants may sell to other investors
all or part of the Shares included in the Baskets they purchase from the Trust.    As of the London PM fix on each day that NYSE Arca is open for
regular trading or, if there is no London PM fix on such day or the London PM fix has not been announced by 12:00 PM New York time on such day, as of 12:00 PM New York time on such day, or Valuation Time, the Trustee values the gold held
by the Trust and determines both the Adjusted Net Asset Value, or ANAV, and the NAV of the Trust. Once the value of the gold has been determined, the Trustee subtracts all estimated accrued fees (other than the fees accruing for the evaluation day
which are computed by reference to the ANAV of the Trust or the custody fees accruing for the evaluation day which are based on the value of the gold held by the Trust), expenses and other liabilities of the Trust from the total value of the gold
and all other assets of the Trust (other than any amounts credited to the Trust’s reserve account, if established). The resulting figure is the ANAV of the Trust, which is used to compute the fees of the Sponsor, the Trustee and the Marketing
Agent.    To determine the Trust’s NAV, the Trustee subtracts the amount of estimated accrued fees accruing for the evaluation day which are
computed by reference to the ANAV of the Trust and to the value of the gold held by the Trust from the ANAV of the Trust. The resulting figure is the NAV of the Trust. The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share by dividing the NAV of the Trust by
the number of the Shares outstanding as of the close of trading on NYSE Arca (which includes the net number of any Shares created or redeemed on such evaluation day).  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Trust’s assets only consist of allocated gold bullion and gold receivable when recorded;
representing gold covered by contractually binding orders for the creation of Shares where the gold has not yet been transferred to the Trust’s account and, from time to time, cash, which will be used to pay expenses. Cash held by the Trust
will not generate any income. The Trust does not hold any derivative instruments. Each Share represents a proportional interest, based on the total number of Shares outstanding, in the gold and any cash held by the Trust, less the Trust’s
liabilities (which include accrued expenses). While the secondary market trading price of the Shares has fluctuated in response to the price of gold, the Sponsor believes that the trading price of the Shares reflects the estimated accrued expenses
of the Trust.    Sales of Gold  
 The Trustee, at the direction of the Sponsor or in its own discretion, sells the Trust’s gold as necessary to pay the Trust’s expenses. As a
result, the amount of gold sold will vary from time to time depending on the level of the Trust’s expenses and the market price of gold. Unless otherwise directed by the Sponsor, when selling gold, the Trustee endeavors to sell at the price
established by the London PM fix. The Trustee places orders with dealers (which may be the Custodian) through which the Trustee expects to receive the most favorable price and execution of orders. The Custodian may be the purchaser of such gold only
if the sale transaction is made at the next London gold price fix (either AM or PM) following the sale order. Neither the Trustee nor the Sponsor is liable for depreciation or loss incurred by reason of any sale. See “United States Federal Tax
Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Shareholders” for information on the tax treatment of gold sales.    The Trustee may also sell the
Trust’s gold if the Sponsor notifies the Trustee that the sale of gold is required by applicable law or regulation or in connection with the termination and liquidation of the Trust. The Trustee will not be liable or responsible in any way for
depreciation or loss incurred by reason of any sale of gold directed by the Sponsor. Any property received by the Trust other than gold, cash or an amount receivable in cash (such as, for example, an insurance claim) will be promptly sold or
otherwise disposed of by the Trustee.    Gold Price Information    Investors may obtain on a 24-hour basis gold pricing information based on the spot price for an ounce of gold from various financial information service providers. Current spot prices are also generally
available with bid/ask spreads from gold bullion dealers. In addition, the Trust’s website provides ongoing pricing information for gold spot prices and the Shares. Market prices for the Shares are available from a variety of sources including
brokerage firms, information websites and other information service providers. The NAV of the Trust is published by the Sponsor on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading and is posted on the Trust’s website at
www.spdrgoldshares.com.    The Gold Industry    Gold Supply and Demand    Gold is a physical asset that is accumulated, rather than consumed.
As a result, virtually all the gold that has ever been mined still exists today in one form or another.  Gold Survey 2014 , a publication of Thompson Reuters GFMS Limited, or GFMS, an independent precious metals research organization based in
London, estimates that existing above-ground stocks of gold amounted to 176,000 tonnes (approximately 5.7 billion ounces) at the end of 2013. These stocks have increased by approximately 2.0% per year on average for the 10 years ended
December 2013. When used in this annual report “tonne” refers to one metric tonne, which is equivalent to 1,000 kilograms or 32,151 troy ounces.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  World Gold Supply and Demand (2009 – 2013) 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the world gold supply and demand for the last 5 years. It is based on information reported in the Thomson
Reuters GFMS  Gold Survey 2014.      World Gold Supply and Demand, 2009-2013  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (tonnes) 
    
 2009 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Mine production 
    
   
 2,613 
    
   
   
 2,741 
    
   
   
 2,839 
    
   
   
 2,861 
    
   
   
 3,054 
    
 
   Official sector sales 
    
   
 34 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Old gold scrap 
    
   
 1,726 
    
   
   
 1,711 
    
   
   
 1,659 
    
   
   
 1,634 
    
   
   
 1,269 
    
 
   Net producer hedging 
    
   
 (234 
 )  
   
   
 (106 
 )  
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (46 
 )  
 
   Total reported supply  1 
    
   
 4,139 
    
   
   
 4,346 
    
   
   
 4,509 
    
   
   
 4,455 
    
   
   
 4,277 
    
 
   Gold fabrication in carat jewellery 
    
   
 1,817 
    
   
   
 2,034 
    
   
   
 2,029 
    
   
   
 1,998 
    
   
   
 2,368 
    
 
   Gold fabrication in electronics 
    
   
 275 
    
   
   
 326 
    
   
   
 320 
    
   
   
 284 
    
   
   
 280 
    
 
   Gold fabrication in other industrial & decorative applications 
    
   
 87 
    
   
   
 95 
    
   
   
 95 
    
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 93 
    
 
   Gold fabrication in dentistry 
    
   
 53 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
   
 43 
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 36 
    
 
   Official sector purchases 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
   
 457 
    
   
   
 544 
    
   
   
 409 
    
 
   Bar & Coin Retail investment
 4 
    
   
 825 
    
   
   
 1,229 
    
   
   
 1,569 
    
   
   
 1,357 
    
   
   
 1,775 
    
 
   Investment in Exchange Traded Funds and related products
 2 
    
   
 623 
    
   
   
 382 
    
   
   
 185 
    
   
   
 279 
    
   
   
 (880 
 )  
 
   Total identifiable demand  1 
    
   
 3,680 
    
   
   
 4,191 
    
   
   
 4,698 
    
   
   
 4,593 
    
   
   
 4,081 
    
 
   Supply less demand  3 
    
   
 459 
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
   
 (189 
 )  
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
   
 196 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Figures may not add due to independent rounding.      
 
 
 (2) 
 Including Gold Bullion Securities (LSE and ASX), SPDR Gold Shares, NewGold Gold Debentures, Central Fund of Canada and Central Gold Trust, iShares Comex Gold Trust,
ZKB Gold ETF, Goldist, ETF Securities, ETFS Physical Gold, Xetra-Gold, Julius Baer, Claymore Gold Bullion ETF, ETFS Swiss Gold, Sprott Physical Gold, Dubai DGX, ETFS Precious Metals Basket Trust, Mitsubishi Tokyo, ETFS Asian Gold Trust, Claymore
Gold Bullion ETF (Non-Hedged), DB Physical Gold ETC (EUR), DB Euro Hedged, DB Physical Gold ETC, DB Physical Gold SGD Hedged ETC, DB Physical gold GBP hedged ETC, Source Physical Gold ETC, iShares Physical Gold Bullion Fund, Indian ETF’s and
Royal Canadian Mint.      
 
 
 (3) 
 This is the residual from combining all the other data in the table. The residual results from the fact that there is no reliable methodology for measuring all
elements of gold supply and demand. It includes net institutional investment other than that in Exchange Traded Funds and similar products, movements in stocks and other elements together with any residual error.  
   
 
 
 (4) 
 Bar & Coin Retail investment include physical bars, official coins, imitation coins and medals.  
 Source: Thomson Reuters GFMS Gold Survey 2014    Sources of Gold Supply    Based on data from the GFMS Gold Survey 2014, gold supply averaged
3,768 tonnes (one metric tonne is equivalent to 1,000 kilograms or 32,150.7465 troy ounces) per year between 2004 and 2013. Sources of gold supply include both mine production and recycled above-ground stocks and, to a lesser extent, producer net
hedging. The largest portion of gold supplied to the market is from gold mine production, which averaged approximately 2,657 tonnes per year from 2004 through 2013. The second largest source of annual gold supply is recycled gold, which is gold that
has been recovered from jewelry and other fabricated products and converted back into marketable gold; recycled gold averaged approximately 1,328 tonnes annually between 2004 through 2013.    Sources of Gold Demand    Based on data from the GFMS Gold Survey 2014, identifiable gold
demand averaged 3,736 tonnes per year between 2004 and 2013. Gold demand generally comes from four sources: jewelry, industry (including medical applications), investment and the official sector (including central banks and supranational
organizations). The largest source of demand comes from jewelry, which accounted for 60% of the identifiable demand from 2004 through 2013 followed by identifiable investment demand which accounted for 30%. While jewelry remains by far the largest
component of demand, its share has decreased over recent years in favor of investment demand.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Gold demand is widely dispersed throughout the world with significant contributions from India and China.
While in many countries there are seasonal fluctuations in the levels of demand for gold (especially jewelry), variations in the timing of such fluctuations mean that seasonal changes in demand do not appear to have a significant impact on the
global gold price.    Although it has been a source of gold supply for many years, the official sector has been a source of demand since 2010.
Between 2004 and 2009, official sector annual net sales averaged 377 tonnes. In 2010 the official sector was a net buyer for the first time in more than two decades and, between 2010 and 2013, annual net purchases averaged 372 tonnes. The prominence
given by market commentators to this activity coupled with total amount of gold held by the official sector has resulted in this area being one of the more visible shifts in the gold market.    Operation of the Gold Bullion Market    The global trade in gold consists of
over-the-counter, or OTC, transactions in spot, forwards, and options and other derivatives, together with exchange-traded futures and options. The OTC market trades on a continuous basis and accounts for most global gold trading. Market makers and
participants in the OTC market, trade with each other and their clients on a principal-to-principal basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the transaction. The three products relevant to London Bullion
Market Association (“LBMA”) market making are Spot (“S”), Forwards (“F”) and Options (“O”). There are thirteen LBMA market makers who provide the service in one, two or all three products. Of the thirteen
LBMA market makers, there are five full market makers and eight market makers. The five full market makers quoting prices in all three products are: Barclays Bank PLC, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank and UBS AG.
   The eight LBMA market makers who provide two-way pricing in either one or two products are: Bank of America N.A., Merrill Lynch (O), Citibank
N.A. (S), Credit Suisse (S,O), Deutsche Bank AG (S,O), Mitsui & Co Precious Metals Inc. (S), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (S,O) Societe Generale (S) and The Bank of Nova Scotia – ScotaMocatta (S,F).  
 The OTC market provides a relatively flexible market in terms of quotes, price, size, destinations for delivery and other factors. Bullion dealers
customize transactions to meet clients’ requirements. The OTC market has no formal structure and no open-outcry meeting place.    The main
centers of the OTC market are London, New York and Zurich. Mining companies, central banks, manufacturers of jewelry and industrial products, together with investors and speculators, tend to transact their business through one of these market
centers. Centers such as Dubai and several cities in the Far East also transact substantial OTC market business Bullion dealers have offices around the world and most of the world’s major bullion dealers are either members or associate members
of the LBMA. In the OTC market, the standard size of gold trades between market makers ranges between 5,000 and 10,000 ounces. Bid-offer spreads are typically $0.50 per ounce. Transaction costs in the OTC market are negotiable between the parties
and therefore vary widely with some dealers willing to offer clients competitive prices for larger volumes, although this will vary according to the dealer, the client and market conditions. Cost indicators can be obtained from various information
service providers as well as dealers.    Liquidity in the OTC market can vary from time to time during the course of the 24-hour trading day.
Fluctuations in liquidity are reflected in adjustments to dealing spreads—the difference between a dealer’s “buy” and “sell” prices. The period of greatest liquidity in the gold market generally occurs at the time of
day when trading in the European time zones overlaps with trading in the United States, which is when OTC market trading in London, New York and other centers coincides with futures and options trading on the COMEX.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The London Bullion Market    Although the market for physical gold is global, most OTC market trades are cleared through London. In addition to coordinating market activities, the LBMA acts as the principal point of contact between
the market and its regulators. A primary function of the LBMA is its involvement in the promotion of refining standards by maintenance of the “London Good Delivery Lists,” which are the lists of LBMA accredited melters and assayers of
gold. The LBMA also coordinates market clearing and vaulting, promotes good trading practices and develops standard documentation.    The term
“loco London” refers to gold bars physically held in London that meet the specifications for weight, dimensions, fineness (or purity), identifying marks (including the assay stamp of a LBMA acceptable refiner) and appearance set forth in
“The Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars” published by the LBMA. Gold bars meeting these requirements are known as “London Good Delivery Bars.” The unit of trade in London is the troy ounce, whose conversion in grams is:
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces and 1 troy ounce = 31.1034768 grams. A London Good Delivery Bar is acceptable for delivery in settlement of a transaction on the OTC market. Typically referred to as 400-ounce bars, a London Good Delivery Bar
must contain between 350 and 430 fine troy ounces of gold, with a minimum fineness (or purity) of 995 parts per 1,000 (99.5%), be of good appearance and be easy to handle and stack. The fine gold content of a gold bar is calculated by
multiplying the gross weight of the bar (expressed in units of 0.025 troy ounces) by the fineness of the bar.    The London Fix
   Twice daily during London trading hours there is a fix which provides reference gold prices for that day’s trading. Many long-term
contracts will be priced on the basis of either the morning (AM) or afternoon (PM) London Fix, and market participants will usually refer to one or the other of these prices when looking for a basis for valuations. While the London PM Fix is
currently the most widely used benchmark for daily gold prices and has historically been viewed as a full and fair representation of all market interest at the time the London PM Fix is determined, beginning in early 2014, increased attention has
been directed to the use of various financial benchmarks and indices as price setting mechanisms for market transactions, including the London Fix. Investors should refer to “Risk Factors” for further information and risks regarding the
London PM Fix.    Membership in the London Fix is traditionally limited to banks that are bullion dealers and members of the LBMA. The
chairmanship rotates annually among the member firms. The fix takes place by telephone and the member firms no longer meet face-to-face as was previously the case. There is a morning session at 10:30 AM London time and an afternoon session at
3:00 PM London time. The current members of the gold fixing are Bank of Nova Scotia –ScotiaMocatta, Barclays Bank plc, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., and Société Générale. Any other market participant wishing to
participate in the trading on the fix is required to do so through one of the four gold fixing members.    Orders are placed either with one of
the four fixing members or with another bullion dealer who will then be in contact with a fixing member during the fixing. The fixing members net-off all orders when communicating their net interest at the fixing. The fix begins with the fixing
chairman suggesting an opening price reflecting the market price prevailing at the opening of the fix. This is relayed by the fixing members to their dealing rooms which have direct communication with all interested parties. Any market participant
may enter the fixing process at any time, or adjust or withdraw his order. The gold price is adjusted up or down until all the buy and sell orders are matched, at which time the price is declared fixed. All fixing orders are transacted on the basis
of this fixed price, which is instantly relayed to the market through various media.    Futures Exchanges  
 The most significant gold futures exchange is COMEX, part of the CME Group. It began to offer trading in gold futures contracts in 1974 and for most of
the period since that date, it has been the largest exchange in the world for trading precious metals, futures and options. Tokyo Commodity Exchange, or  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
TOCOM, is another significant futures exchange and has been trading gold since 1982. Trading on these exchanges is based on fixed delivery dates and transaction sizes for the futures and options
contracts traded. Trading costs are negotiable. As a matter of practice, only a small percentage of the futures market turnover ever comes to physical delivery of the gold represented by the contracts traded. Both exchanges permit trading on margin.
Margin trading can add to the speculative risk involved given the potential for margin calls if the price moves against the contract holder. Both COMEX and TOCOM operate through a central clearance system and in each case, the exchange acts as a
counterparty for each member for clearing purposes.    In recent years, China has become an important source of gold demand, and its futures
market has grown. Gold futures contracts are traded on the Shanghai Gold Exchange and the Shanghai Futures Exchange.    Market Regulation
   The global gold markets are overseen and regulated by both governmental and self-regulatory organizations. In addition, certain trade
associations have established rules and protocols for market practices and participants.    Movements in the Price of Gold Since the
Inception of the Trust    As movements in the price of gold are expected to directly affect the price of the Shares, investors should
understand what the recent movements in the price of gold have been. Investors, however, should also be aware that past movements in the gold price are not indicators of future movements.    The following chart provides historical background on the price of gold. The chart illustrates movements in the price of gold in U.S. dollars per ounce over the period from the day the Shares began
trading on the NYSE on November 18, 2004 to September 30, 2014, and is based on the London PM Fix.    Daily gold
price - November 18, 2004 to September 30, 2014        


 
    Business of the Trust    The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold bullion, less the Trust’s expenses. The Sponsor believes that, for many investors, the Shares
represent a cost-effective investment relative to traditional means of investing in gold. The Trust has no fixed termination date and will terminate upon the occurrence of a termination event listed in the Trust Indenture.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Creation and Redemption of Shares  
 The Trust creates and redeems Shares from time to time, but only in one or more Baskets (a Basket equals a block of 100,000 Shares). The creation and
redemption of Baskets is only made in exchange for the delivery to the Trust or the distribution by the Trust of the amount of gold and any cash represented by the Baskets being created or redeemed, the amount of which is based on the combined NAV
of the number of Shares included in the Baskets being created or redeemed determined on the day the order to create or redeem Baskets is properly received. Creations of Baskets may only be made after the requisite gold is deposited in the allocated
account of the Trust.    Authorized Participants are the only persons that may place orders to create and redeem Baskets. To become an Authorized
Participant, a person must enter into a Participant Agreement with the Sponsor and the Trustee. The Participant Agreement and the related procedures attached thereto may be amended by the Trustee and the Sponsor without the consent of any
Shareholder or Authorized Participant. Authorized Participants who make deposits with the Trust in exchange for Baskets receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either the Sponsor or the Trust, and no
such person has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Trust to effect any sale or resale of Shares.    Some of the activities of
Authorized Participants will result in their being deemed participants in a distribution in a manner which would render them statutory underwriters and subject them to the prospectus-delivery and liability provisions of the Securities Act. As of the
date of this annual report, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing, L.P., HSBC Securities
(USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, NewEdge USA LLC, RBC Capital Markets LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., UBS Securities LLC and Virtu Financial BD LLC are the
only Authorized Participants. An updated list of Authorized Participants can be obtained from the Trustee or the Sponsor.    Prior to initiating
any creation or redemption order, an Authorized Participant must have entered into an agreement with the Custodian to establish an Authorized Participant Unallocated Account in London, or a Participant Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement.
Authorized Participant Unallocated Accounts may only be used for transactions with the Trust. An unallocated account is an account with a bullion dealer, which may also be a bank, to which a fine weight amount of gold is credited. Transfers to or
from an unallocated account are made by crediting or debiting the number of ounces of gold being deposited or withdrawn. The account holder is entitled to direct the bullion dealer to deliver an amount of physical gold equal to the amount of gold
standing to the credit of the account holder. Gold held in an unallocated account is not segregated from the Custodian’s assets. The account holder therefore has no ownership interest in any specific bars of gold that the bullion dealer holds
or owns. The account holder is an unsecured creditor of the bullion dealer, and credits to an unallocated account are at risk of the bullion dealer’s insolvency, in which event it may not be possible for a liquidator to identify any gold held
in an unallocated account as belonging to the account holder rather than to the bullion dealer.    Certain Authorized Participants are able to
participate directly in the gold bullion market and the gold futures market. In some cases, an Authorized Participant may from time to time acquire gold from or sell gold to its affiliated gold trading desk, which may profit in these instances. The
Sponsor believes that the size and operation of the gold bullion market make it unlikely that an Authorized Participant’s direct activities in the gold or securities markets will impact the price of gold or the price of the Shares. Authorized
Participants must be a DTC Participant and must be registered as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act, and regulated by FINRA, or will be exempt from being or otherwise will not be required to be so regulated or registered, and will be qualified
to act as a broker or dealer in the states or other jurisdictions where the nature of its business so requires. Each Authorized Participant will have its own set of rules and procedures, internal controls and information barriers as it determines is
appropriate in light of its own regulatory regime.    Authorized Participants may act for their own accounts or as agents for broker-dealers,
custodians and other securities market participants that wish to create or redeem Baskets. An order for one or more  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Baskets may be placed by an Authorized Participant on behalf of multiple clients. Persons interested in purchasing Baskets should contact the Sponsor or the Trustee to obtain the contact
information for the Authorized Participants. Shareholders who are not Authorized Participants will only be able to redeem their Shares through an Authorized Participant.    All gold bullion must be delivered to the Trust and distributed by the Trust in unallocated form through credits and debits between Authorized Participant Unallocated Accounts and the
Trust Unallocated Account.    All gold bullion must be of at least a minimum fineness (or purity) of 995 parts per 1,000 (99.5%) and
otherwise conform to the rules, regulations practices and customs of the LBMA, including the specifications for a London Good Delivery Bar.  
 Under the Participant Agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act, and to contribute to the payments the Authorized Participants may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. The Trustee has agreed to reimburse the Authorized Participants, solely from and to the extent of the
Trust’s assets, for indemnification and contribution amounts due from the Sponsor to the extent the Sponsor has not paid such amounts when due.    The following description of the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets is only a summary and investors should review the description of the procedures for the creation and redemption of
Baskets set forth in the Trust Indenture, the form of Participant Agreement and the form of Participant Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement, each of which have been filed as exhibits.    Creation Procedures    On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place an order with
the Trustee to create one or more Baskets. Purchase orders must be placed by 4:00 PM or the close of regular trading on NYSE Arca, whichever is earlier. The day on which the Trustee receives a valid purchase order is the purchase order date.
   By placing a purchase order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deposit gold with the Trust, or a combination of gold and cash, as described
below. Prior to the delivery of Baskets for a purchase order, the Authorized Participant must also have wired to the Trustee the non-refundable transaction fee due for the purchase order.    Determination of Required Deposits    The total deposit required to create each Basket, or a
Creation Basket Deposit, is an amount of gold and cash, if any, that is in the same proportion to the total assets of the Trust (net of estimated accrued expenses and other liabilities) on the date the order to purchase is properly received as the
number of Shares to be created under the purchase order is in proportion to the total number of Shares outstanding on the date the order is received.    Delivery of Required Deposits    An Authorized Participant who places a purchase order is
responsible for crediting its Authorized Participant Unallocated Account with the required gold deposit amount by the end of the second business day in London following the purchase order date. The Custodian, after receiving appropriate instructions
from the Authorized Participant and the Trustee, will transfer on the third business day following the purchase order date the gold deposit amount by debiting such amount from the Authorized Participant Unallocated Account and by crediting such
amount to the Trust Unallocated Account and by delivery of the gold to the Trust Allocated Account. The expense and risk of delivery, ownership and safekeeping of gold until such gold has been received by the Trust will be borne solely by the
Authorized Participant. If gold is to be delivered other than as described above, the Sponsor is authorized to establish such procedures and to appoint such custodians and establish such custody accounts as the Sponsor determines to be desirable.
 
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Acting on standing instructions given by the Trustee, the Custodian will transfer the gold deposit amount
from the Trust Unallocated Account to the Trust Allocated Account on the third business day following the purchase order date by allocating to the Trust Allocated Account specific bars of gold from unallocated bars which the Custodian
holds or instructing a subcustodian to allocate specific bars of gold from unallocated bars held by or for the subcustodian. The gold bars in an allocated gold account are specific to that account and are identified by a list which shows, for each
gold bar, the refiner, assay or fineness, serial number and gross and fine weight. Gold held in the Trust’s allocated account is the property of the Trust and is not traded, leased or loaned under any circumstances.  
 The Custodian will transfer the gold deposit amount from the Trust Unallocated Account to the Trust Allocated Account by 2:00 PM (London time) unless
the Custodian is required to use a subcustodian in the allocation process, in which event the Custodian will use its best efforts to complete the transfer by 2:00 PM (London time). Upon Trustee’s receipt of confirmation from the Custodian that
the gold deposit amount has been transferred from the Trust Unallocated Account to the Trust Allocated Account, the Trustee will direct DTC to credit the number of Baskets ordered by the Authorized Participant to the Authorized Participant’s
DTC account. During the period of the transfer, all Shareholders will be exposed to the risks of unallocated gold to the extent of that gold deposit amount until the Custodian completes the allocation process.  
 Redemption Procedures    The
procedures by which an Authorized Participant can redeem one or more Baskets mirror the procedures for the creation of Baskets. On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place an order with the Trustee to redeem one or more Baskets.
Redemption orders must be placed by 4:00 PM or the close of regular trading on NYSE Arca, whichever is earlier. A redemption order so received is effective on the date it is received in satisfactory form by the Trustee.  
 Determination of Redemption Distribution    The redemption distribution from the Trust consists of a credit to the redeeming Authorized Participant’s Authorized Participant Unallocated Account representing the amount of the gold held by the
Trust evidenced by the Shares being redeemed plus, or minus, the cash redemption amount. The cash redemption amount is equal to the value of all assets of the Trust other than gold less all estimated accrued expenses and other liabilities, divided
by the number of Baskets outstanding and multiplied by the number of Baskets included in the Authorized Participant’s redemption order. The Sponsor anticipates that in the ordinary course of the Trust’s operations there will be no cash
distributions made to Authorized Participants upon redemptions. Fractions of a fine ounce of gold included in the redemption distribution smaller than 0.001 of a fine ounce are disregarded. Redemption distributions are subject to the deduction of
any applicable tax or other governmental charges which may be due.    Delivery of Redemption Distribution  
 The redemption distribution due from the Trust is delivered to the Authorized Participant on the third business day following the redemption order date
if, by 9:00 AM New York time on such third business day, the Trustee’s DTC account has been credited with the Baskets to be redeemed. If the Trustee’s DTC account has not been credited with all of the Baskets to be redeemed by such
time, the redemption distribution is delivered to the extent of whole Baskets received. Any remainder of the redemption distribution is delivered on the next business day to the extent of remaining whole Baskets received if the Trustee receives the
fee applicable to the extension of the redemption distribution date which the Trustee may, from time to time, determine and the remaining Baskets to be redeemed are credited to the Trustee’s DTC account by 9:00 AM New York time on such
next business day. Any further outstanding amount of the redemption order may be cancelled. The Trustee is also authorized to deliver the redemption distribution notwithstanding that the Baskets to be redeemed are not credited to the Trustee’s
DTC account by 9:00 AM New York time on the third business day following the redemption order date if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its obligation to deliver the Baskets through DTC’s book entry system on such terms as the
Sponsor and the Trustee may from time to time agree upon.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Custodian transfers the redemption gold amount from the Trust Allocated Account to the
Trust Unallocated Account and, thereafter, to the redeeming Authorized Participant’s Authorized Participant Unallocated Account. The Authorized Participant and the Trust are each at risk in respect of gold credited to their respective
unallocated accounts in the event of the Custodian’s insolvency. See “Risk Factors—Gold held in the Trust’s unallocated gold account and any Authorized Participant’s unallocated gold account will not be segregated from the
Custodian’s assets.”    Suspension or Rejection of Redemption Orders  
 The Trustee may, in its discretion, and will when directed by the Sponsor, suspend the right of redemption, or postpone the redemption settlement date
for: (1) any period during which NYSE Arca is closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings, or trading on NYSE Arca is suspended or restricted; (2) any period during which an emergency exists as a result of which delivery,
disposal or evaluation of gold is not reasonably practicable; or (3) such other period as the Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of the Shareholders.    The Trustee will reject a redemption order if (i) the order is not in proper form as described in the Participant Agreement, (ii) the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel,
might be unlawful, (iii) the order would have adverse tax consequences to the Trust or its Shareholders or (iv) circumstances outside the control of the Trustee, the Sponsor or the Custodian make the redemption, for all practical purposes,
not feasible to process.    None of the Sponsor, the Trustee or the Custodian will be liable to any person or in any way for any loss or damages
that may result from any such suspension, postponement or rejection.    Creation and Redemption Transaction Fee  
 An Authorized Participant is required to pay a transaction fee to the Trustee of $2,000 per order to create or redeem Baskets. An order may include
multiple Baskets. The transaction fee may be changed by the Trustee with the consent of the Sponsor. The Trustee shall notify DTC of any agreement to change the transaction fee and will not implement any increase in the fee for the redemption of
Baskets until 30 days after the date of the notice. A transaction fee may not exceed 0.10% of the value of a Basket at the time the creation and redemption order is accepted.    Tax Responsibility    Authorized Participants are responsible for any transfer tax, sales or
use tax, recording tax, value added tax or similar tax or governmental charge applicable to the creation or redemption of Baskets, regardless of whether or not such tax or charge is imposed directly on the Authorized Participant, and agree to
indemnify the Sponsor, the Trustee and the Trust if they are required by law to pay any such tax, together with any applicable penalties, additions to tax or interest thereon.    Trust Expenses    The Trustee sells gold as needed to pay the
expenses of the Trust. As a result, the amount of gold sold will vary from time to time depending on the level of the Trust’s expenses and the market price of gold. Cash held by the Trustee does not bear any interest.  
 The Trust’s estimated ordinary operating expenses are accrued daily and reflected in the NAV of the Trust. The ordinary operating expenses of the
Trust include: (1) fees paid to the Sponsor, (2) fees paid to the Trustee, (3) fees paid to the Custodian, (4) fees paid to the Marketing Agent and other marketing costs and (5) various Trust administration fees, including
printing and mailing costs, legal and audit fees, registration fees and listing fees.    Fees are paid to the Sponsor as compensation for
services performed under the Trust Indenture and for services performed in connection with maintaining the Trust’s website and marketing the Shares. The Sponsor’s fee is payable monthly in arrears and is accrued daily at an annual
rate equal to 0.15% of the  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
ANAV, subject to reduction as described below. The Sponsor will receive reimbursement from the Trust for all of its disbursements and expenses incurred in connection with the Trust. The Sponsor
was paid $50,158,622 for its services during the year ended September 30, 2014.    Fees are paid to the Trustee as compensation for services
performed under the Trust Indenture. The Trustee’s fee is payable monthly in arrears and is accrued daily at an annual rate equal to 0.02% of the ANAV of the Trust, subject to a minimum fee of $500,000 and a maximum fee of $2,000,000 per
year. The Trustee’s fee is subject to modification as determined by the Trustee and the Sponsor in good faith to account for significant changes in the Trust’s administration or the Trustee’s duties. The Trustee charges the Trust for
its expenses and disbursements incurred in connection with the Trust (including the expenses of the Custodian paid by the Trustee), exclusive of fees of agents for services to be performed by the Trustee, and for any extraordinary services performed
by the Trustee for the Trust. The Trustee was paid $2,000,000 for its services during the year ended September 30, 2014.    Fees are paid to
the Custodian as compensation for its custody services in connection with the Trust Allocated Account and the Trust Unallocated Account. Under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, as amended, or the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement,
the Custodian’s fee is computed at an annual rate equal to 0.10% of the average daily aggregate value of the first 4.5 million ounces of gold held in the Trust Allocated Account and the Trust Unallocated Account and 0.06% of the
average daily aggregate value of all gold held in the Trust Allocated Account and the Trust Unallocated Account in excess of 4.5 million ounces. The Custodian does not receive a fee under the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement. The
Custodian was paid $22,723,599 for its services during the year ended September 30, 2014.    Fees are paid to the Marketing Agent by the
Trustee from the assets of the Trust as compensation for services performed pursuant to the Marketing Agent Agreement. The Marketing Agent’s fee is payable monthly in arrears and is accrued daily at an annual rate equal to 0.15% of the ANAV of
the Trust, subject to reduction as described below. The Marketing Agent was paid $50,158,622 for its services during the year ended September 30, 2014. Other marketing and shareholder communication costs in the year ended September 30,
2014 were $6,145,811.    Under the Marketing Agent Agreement, as amended, if at the end of any month, the estimated ordinary expenses of the
Trust exceed for such month an amount equal to 0.40% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust for such month, the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent will waive the amount of such excess from the fees payable to them from the assets of the Trust for
such month in equal shares up to the amount of their fees. Investors should be aware that if the gross value of the Trust assets is less than approximately $1.0 billion, the ordinary expenses of the Trust, including the fees and expenses of the
Trustee and the Custodian, printing and mailing costs, legal and audit fees, registration fees and listing fees, will accrue at a rate greater than 0.40% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust. Additionally, if the Trust incurs unforeseen
expenses that cause the total of such ordinary expenses of the Trust to exceed 0.70% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust, those expenses will accrue at a rate greater than 0.40% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust, even after the
Sponsor and the Marketing Agent have completely waived their combined fees of 0.30% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust.    For the
years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 the fees payable to the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent from the assets of the Trust were not reduced.    In addition, the following expenses are or may be charged to the Trust:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expenses of custody, deposit or delivery of gold (other than expenses borne by Authorized Participants) and disbursements charged by and
indemnification due to any Custodian;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fees of the Trustee for extraordinary services;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Various taxes and governmental charges and any taxes, fees and charges payable by the Trustee with respect to the creation or redemption of Baskets;
 
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expenses and costs of any action taken by the Trustee or the Sponsor to protect the Trust and the rights and interests of Shareholders;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Amounts for indemnification of the Trustee or the Sponsor as permitted under the Trust Indenture;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Amounts for reimbursement in respect of certain claims described under “Risk Factors —The Trust’s obligation to reimburse the
Marketing Agent, the Authorized Participants and certain parties.”      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expenses incurred in contacting Shareholders;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Legal and auditing expenses, and the compensation paid to agents properly employed by or on behalf of the Trustee;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fees paid to DTC for custody of the Shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Federal and state annual fees in keeping the registration of the Shares on a current basis for the issuance of Baskets;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expenses of the Sponsor relating to the printing and distribution of marketing materials describing the Trust and the Shares;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fees and expenses of the Marketing Agent; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Stationery, postage and all other out-of-pocket expenses of the Trust not otherwise stated above incurred by the Trustee, the Sponsor or the Custodian
or any additional or successor custodian pursuant to actions permitted or required under the Trust Indenture.    The
administration fees of the Trust were $2,570,861 in the year ended September 30, 2014. These fees include the following: (1) SEC registration fees and other regulatory fees of $433,954; (2) legal fees of $757,547; (3) audit and
quarterly review fees of $434,000; (4) internal auditor fees in respect of Sarbanes-Oxley compliance of $285,747; (5) printing fees of $332,227; and (6) other costs of $327,386.  
 The Sponsor  
 The Sponsor is a Delaware limited liability company formed on July 17, 2002. The Sponsor was responsible for establishing the Trust and for the
registration of the Shares. The Sponsor generally oversees the performance of the Trustee and the Trust’s principal service providers, but does not exercise day-to-day oversight over the Trustee or such service providers. The Sponsor regularly
communicates with the Trustee to monitor the overall performance of the Trust. The Sponsor may direct the Trustee, but only as provided in the Trust Indenture. The Sponsor, with assistance and support from the Trustee, is responsible for
preparing and filing periodic reports on behalf of the Trust with the SEC and will provide any required certification for such reports. The Sponsor will designate the independent registered public accounting firm of the Trust and may from time to
time employ legal counsel for the Trust. To assist the Sponsor in marketing the Shares, the Sponsor has entered into the Marketing Agent Agreement with the Marketing Agent and the Trust. See “The Marketing Agent” for more information about
the Marketing Agent. The Sponsor maintains a public website on behalf of the Trust (www.spdrgoldshares.com), which contains information about the Trust and the Shares.    The Sponsor will not be liable to the Trustee or any Shareholder for any action taken or for refraining from taking any action in good faith, or for errors in judgment or for depreciation or loss incurred
by reason of the sale of any gold or other assets of the Trust. However, the preceding liability exclusion will not protect the Sponsor against any liability resulting from its own gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or willful
malfeasance in the performance of its duties or the reckless disregard of its obligations and duties to the Trust.    The Sponsor and its
shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, affiliates and subsidiaries are indemnified from the Trust and held harmless against certain losses, liabilities or expenses incurred in the performance of its duties under the
Trust Indenture without gross negligence, bad faith, willful  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
misconduct, willful malfeasance or reckless disregard of the indemnified party’s obligations and duties under the Trust Indenture. Such indemnity includes payment from the Trust of the
costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim or liability under the Trust Indenture. Under the Trust Indenture, the Sponsor may be able to seek indemnification from the Trust for payments it makes in connection with the
Sponsor’s activities under the Trust Indenture to the extent its conduct does not disqualify it from receiving such indemnification under the terms of the Trust Indenture. The Sponsor will also be indemnified from the Trust and held
harmless against any loss, liability or expense arising under the Marketing Agent Agreement or any Participant Agreement insofar as such loss, liability or expense arises from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in any written statement provided to the Sponsor by the Trustee. Any amounts payable to the Sponsor are secured by a lien on the Trust.    The Trustee    BNYM, a banking corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York with trust powers, serves as the Trustee. BNYM has a trust office at 2 Hanson Place, Brooklyn, New York 11217. BNYM is subject to supervision by the New York State Banking Department and the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System. Information regarding creation and redemption Basket composition, NAV of the Trust, transaction fees and the names of the parties that have each executed a Participant Agreement may be obtained from BNYM. A copy of the
Trust Indenture is filed as an exhibit and is available at BNYM’s trust office identified above. Under the Trust Indenture, the Trustee is required to maintain capital, surplus and undivided profits of $500 million.  
 The Trustee is generally responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Trust, including keeping the Trust’s operational
records. The Trustee’s principal responsibilities include: (1) selling the Trust’s gold as needed to pay the Trust’s expenses (gold sales occur monthly in the ordinary course), (2) calculating the NAV of the Trust and the
NAV per Share, (3) receiving and processing orders from Authorized Participants to create and redeem Baskets and coordinating the processing of such orders with the Custodian and DTC, and (4) monitoring the Custodian. If the Trustee
determines that maintaining gold with the Custodian is not in the best interest of the Trust, the Trustee must so advise the Sponsor, who may direct the Trustee to take certain actions in respect of the Custodian. In the absence of such
instructions, the Trustee may initiate action to remove the gold from the Custodian. The ability of the Trustee to monitor the performance of the Custodian may be limited because under the Custody Agreements the Trustee may, only up to twice a year,
visit the premises of the Custodian for the purpose of examining the Trust’s gold and certain related records maintained by the Custodian. Inspectorate International Ltd. conducts two counts each year of the gold bullion stock held on behalf of
the Trust at the vaults of the Custodian. A complete bar count is conducted once per year and coincides with the Trust’s financial year end at September 30 th . The second count is a random sample count and is conducted at a date which falls within the same financial year and
was conducted most recently on March 14, 2014. The Trustee has no right to visit the premises of any subcustodian for the purposes of examining the Trust’s gold or any records maintained by the subcustodian, and no subcustodian is
obligated to cooperate in any review the Trustee may wish to conduct of the facilities, procedures, records or creditworthiness of such subcustodian. The Trustee regularly communicates with the Sponsor to monitor the overall performance of the
Trust. The Trustee, along with the Sponsor, liaise with the Trust’s legal, accounting and other professional service providers as needed. The Trustee assists and supports the Sponsor with the preparation of all periodic reports required to be
filed with the SEC on behalf of the Trust.    Affiliates of the Trustee may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell
gold or Shares for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Marketing Agent  
 State Street Global Markets, or SSGM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of State Street Corporation, acts as the Marketing Agent. The Marketing Agent is a
registered broker-dealer with the SEC, and is a member of FINRA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the National Futures Association and the Boston Stock Exchange. The Marketing Agent’s office is located at State Street Financial
Center, One Lincoln Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02111.    The Marketing Agent’s Role and the Marketing Agent Agreement  
 The Marketing Agent assists the Sponsor in: (1) developing a marketing plan for the Trust on an ongoing basis,
(2) preparing marketing materials regarding the Shares, including the content of the Trust’s website, (3) executing the marketing plan for the Trust, (4) incorporating gold into its strategic and tactical exchange-traded fund
research, (5) sublicensing the “SPDR ® ” trademark, and (6) assisting with certain shareholder
services, such as a call center and prospectus fulfillment.    The Marketing Agent and its affiliates may from time to time become Authorized
Participants or purchase or sell gold or Shares for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.    The Marketing Agent Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. In addition, the Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Marketing Agent from and against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and to contribute to payments that the Marketing Agent may be required to make in respect thereof. The Trustee has agreed to reimburse the Marketing Agent,
solely from and to the extent of the Trust’s assets, for indemnification and contribution amounts due from the Sponsor in respect of such liabilities to the extent the Sponsor has not paid such amounts when due.  
 The initial term of the Marketing Agent Agreement expired in November 2011 and automatically renewed for three years. The parties agreed to extend the
term ending on November 15, 2014 to and including February 13, 2015. Thereafter, the agreement provides for successive three year terms unless terminated in accordance with the Marketing Agent Agreement by either party prior to any such successive
term. If the Sponsor terminates the Marketing Agent Agreement, the Sponsor is required to pay the Marketing Agent an amount equal to the present market value of the future payments the Marketing Agent would otherwise receive under the Marketing
Agent Agreement over the subsequent 10 year period.    License Agreement with the Marketing Agent  
 In connection with the Marketing Agent Agreement, the Sponsor and the World Gold Council, or the WGC, entered into a license agreement, dated as of
November 16, 2004, with the Marketing Agent. Under the license agreement, the Sponsor and the WGC granted the Marketing Agent, a royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable: (i) sublicense under the license agreement among the
Sponsor, the WGC and BNYM, to BNYM’s patents and patent applications that cover securitized gold products in connection with the Marketing Agent’s performance of its services under the Marketing Agent Agreement; and (ii) a license to
the Sponsor’s and the WGC’s patents, patent applications and intellectual property and trade name and trademark rights in connection with the Marketing Agent’s performance of its services under the Marketing Agent Agreement and for
the purpose of establishing, operating and marketing financial products involving the securitization of gold.    The license agreement will
expire upon the expiration or termination of the Marketing Agent Agreement. Either party may terminate the license agreement prior to such term if the other party materially breaches the license agreement and fails to cure such breach within
30 days following written notice of such breach from the non-breaching party. The license agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. In addition, the Sponsor, the WGC and the Marketing Agent have agreed to indemnify
each other for breaches of their respective representations and warranties and the Sponsor and the WGC have agreed to indemnify the Marketing Agent for violations of the intellectual property rights of others as a result of the Marketing
Agent’s use of the licensed intellectual property.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SPDR Sublicense Agreement  
 “SPDR” is a trademark of S&P and has been licensed for use by the
SPDR ®  Gold Trust pursuant to a SPDR Sublicense Agreement, dated May 20, 2008, between the Sponsor, the WGC,
the Marketing Agent and State Street Corporation, pursuant to which the Marketing Agent and State Street Corporation granted the Sponsor and the WGC a royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable sublicense to use the “SPDR ® ” trademark (in accordance with the SPDR Trademark License Agreement dated as of November 29, 2006, as
amended, between State Street Global Advisors, a division of State Street Bank and Trust Company, and S&P), for the purpose of establishing and operating the Trust, issuing and distributing the Shares, as part of the name of the Shares, and
listing the Shares on exchanges.    The sublicense agreement will expire upon the expiration or termination of the earlier
of (i) the Marketing Agent Agreement or (ii) the SPDR ®  Trademark License Agreement. Either party may
terminate the sublicense agreement prior to such term if the other party materially breaches the license agreement and fails to cure such breach within 30 days following written notice of such breach from the non-breaching party. The sublicense
agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. In addition, the Sponsor, the WGC, the Marketing Agent and State Street Corporation have agreed to indemnify each other for breaches of their respective representations,
warranties and covenants.    The Custodian    HSBC Bank USA, N.A. currently serves as the Custodian of the Trust’s gold. HSBC is a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of America. HSBC is subject to
supervision by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. HSBC’s London custodian office is located at 8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ, United Kingdom. In addition to supervision and examination by the
U.S. federal banking authorities, HSBC’s London custodian operations are subject to supervision by the Financial Conduct Authority. HSBC Bank plc will become the Custodian effective December 22, 2014. HSBC Bank plc is authorized by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.  
 The global parent company of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and HSBC Bank plc is HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC Group), a public limited company incorporated in England.
HSBC Group had $193 billion in regulatory capital resources as of June 30, 2014.    The Custodian is responsible for safekeeping for
the Trust gold deposited with it by Authorized Participants in connection with the creation of Baskets. The Custodian facilitates the transfer of gold in and out of the Trust through the unallocated gold accounts it maintains for each Authorized
Participant and the unallocated and allocated gold accounts it maintains for the Trust. The Custodian is responsible for allocating specific bars of gold bullion to the Trust Allocated Account. The Custodian provides the Trustee with regular
reports detailing the gold transfers in and out of the Trust Unallocated Account and the Trust Allocated Account and identifying the gold bars held in the Trust Allocated Account.  
 The Custodian and its affiliates may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell gold or Shares for their own account, as agent
for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.    Custody of the
Trust’s Gold    Custody of the gold bullion deposited with and held by the Trust is provided by the Custodian at its London, England
vaults. The Custodian will hold all of the Trust’s gold in its own vault premises except when the gold has been allocated in the vault of a subcustodian, and in such cases the Custodian has agreed that it will use commercially reasonable
efforts promptly to transport the gold from the subcustodian’s vault to the Custodian’s vault, at the Custodian’s cost and risk. The Custodian is a market maker, clearer and approved weigher under the rules of the LBMA.  
 The Custodian, as instructed by the Trustee, is authorized to accept, on behalf of the Trust, deposits of gold in unallocated form. Acting on standing
instructions given by the Trustee, the Custodian allocates  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
gold deposited in unallocated form with the Trust by selecting bars of gold bullion for deposit to the Trust Allocated Account from unallocated bars which the Custodian holds or by
instructing a subcustodian to allocate bars from unallocated bars held by the subcustodian. All gold bullion allocated to the Trust must conform to the rules, regulations, practices and customs of the LBMA and the Custodian must replace any
non-conforming gold bullion with conforming bullion as soon as practical.    The Trustee and the Custodian have entered into the Custody
Agreements which establish the Trust Unallocated Account and the Trust Allocated Account. The Trust Unallocated Account is used to facilitate the transfer of gold deposits and gold redemption distributions between Authorized
Participants and the Trust in connection with the creation and redemption of Baskets and the sales of gold made by the Trustee for the Trust. Except when gold is transferred in and out of the Trust, all gold deposited with the Trust is held in the
Trust Allocated Account.    The Custodian is authorized to appoint from time to time one or more subcustodians to hold the Trust’s gold
until it can be transported to the Custodian’s vault. The subcustodians that the Custodian currently uses are the Bank of England, The Bank of Nova Scotia-ScotiaMocatta, Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank AG, JPMorgan Chase Bank and UBS AG. In
accordance with LBMA practices and customs, the Custodian does not have written custody agreements with the subcustodians it selects. The Custodian’s selected subcustodians may appoint further subcustodians. These further subcustodians are not
expected to have written custody agreements with the Custodian’s subcustodians that selected them. The lack of such written contracts could affect the recourse of the Trust and the Custodian against any subcustodian in the event a subcustodian
does not use due care in the safekeeping of the Trust’s gold. See “Risk Factors—The ability of the Trustee and the Custodian to take legal action against subcustodians may be limited.”  
 The Custodian is required to use reasonable care in selecting subcustodians, but otherwise has limited responsibility in relation to the subcustodians
appointed by it. The Custodian is obliged under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain delivery of gold from those subcustodians appointed by it. However, the Custodian may not have the right to, and
does not have the obligation to, seek recovery of the gold from any subcustodian appointed by a subcustodian. Otherwise, the Custodian does not undertake to monitor the performance by subcustodians of their custody functions or their selection of
additional subcustodians and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of subcustodians. During the three years ended September 30, 2014, the Custodian did not utilize any subcustodians on behalf of the Trust.  
 Under the customs and practices of the London bullion market, allocated gold is held by custodians and, on their behalf, by subcustodians under
arrangements that permit each entity for which gold is being held: (1) to request from the entity’s custodian (and a custodian or subcustodian to request from its subcustodian) a list identifying each gold bar being held and the identity
of the particular custodian or subcustodian holding the gold bar and (2) to request the entity’s custodian to release the entity’s gold within two business days following demand for release. Each custodian or subcustodian is obligated
under the customs and practices of the London bullion market to provide the bar list and the identification of custodians and subcustodians referred to in (1) above, and each custodian is obligated to release gold as requested. Under English
law, unless otherwise provided in any applicable custody agreement, a custodian generally is liable to its customer for failing to take reasonable care of the customer’s gold and for failing to release the customer’s gold upon demand. The
Custodian will not be liable for the acts or omissions, or for the solvency, of any subcustodian that it selects unless the selection of that subcustodian was made negligently or in bad faith.    The Custodian and the Trustee do not require any direct or indirect subcustodians to be insured or bonded with respect to their custodial activities. The Custodian maintains insurance with regard to its
business on such terms and conditions as it considers appropriate. The Trustee and the Sponsor (so long as the Sponsor is WGTS) may, subject to confidentiality restrictions, review this insurance coverage. The Trust will not be a beneficiary of any
such insurance and does not have the ability to dictate the existence, nature or amount of the coverage. Therefore, Shareholders cannot be assured that the Custodian maintains adequate insurance or any insurance with respect to the gold held by the
Custodian on behalf of the Trust.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Description of the Custody Agreements  
 The Allocated Bullion Account Agreement and the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement between the Trustee and the Custodian establish the
Trust Allocated Account and the Trust Unallocated Account, respectively. These agreements are sometimes referred to together as the “Custody Agreements” in this report. The following is a description of the material terms of the
Custody Agreements. As the Custody Agreements are similar in form, they are discussed together, with material distinctions between the agreements noted.    Reports    The Custodian provides the Trustee with reports for each business day, identifying
the movements of gold in and out of the Trust Allocated Account and the credits and debits of gold to the Trust Unallocated Account. The Custodian also provides the Trustee with monthly statements of account for the Trust Allocated
Account and the Trust Unallocated Account as of the last business day of each month. The monthly statements contain sufficient information to identify each bar of gold held in the Trust Allocated Account and, if the bar is being held
temporarily by a subcustodian, the identity of the subcustodian having custody.    Transfers into the Trust Unallocated Account
   The Custodian credits to the Trust Unallocated Account the amount of gold it receives from the Trust Allocated Account, an
Authorized Participant Unallocated Account or from other third party unallocated accounts for credit to the Trust Unallocated Account. Unless otherwise agreed by the Custodian in writing, the only gold the Custodian will accept in physical form
for credit to the Trust Unallocated Account is gold the Trustee has transferred from the Trust Allocated Account. No interest will be paid by the Custodian on any credit balance to the Trust Unallocated Account.  
 Transfers from the Trust Unallocated Account    The Custodian transfers gold from the Trust Unallocated Account only in accordance with the Trustee’s instructions to the Custodian. A transfer of gold from the Trust Unallocated Account
may only be made, (1) by transferring gold to a third party unallocated account, (2) by transferring gold to the Trust Allocated Account, or (3) by either (A) making gold available for collection at the Custodian’s
vault premises or at such other location as the Custodian may specify or (B), if separately agreed, delivering the gold to such location as the Custodian and the Trustee agree at the Trust’s expense and risk. Any gold made available in physical
form will be in a form which complies with the rules, regulations, practices and customs of the LBMA, the Bank of England or any applicable regulatory body, or Custody Rules, or in such other form as may be agreed between the Trustee and the
Custodian, and in all cases will comprise one or more whole gold bars selected by the Custodian.    The Custody Agreements were amended and
restated on June 1, 2011 in order to provide, among other things, for the full allocation of all gold credited to the Trust Unallocated Account at the end of each business day. The Sponsor established an overdraft facility with the
Custodian under which the Custodian will make available to the Trust Unallocated Account up to 430 fine ounces of gold in order to allow the Custodian to fully allocate all gold credited to the Trust Unallocated Account to the
Trust Allocated Account at the end of each business day.    Transfers into the Trust Allocated Account  
 The Custodian receives transfers of gold into the Trust Allocated Account only at the Trustee’s instructions by debiting gold from the
Trust Unallocated Account and crediting such gold to the Trust Allocated Account.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Transfers from the Trust Allocated Account  
 The Custodian transfers gold from the Trust Allocated Account only in accordance with the Trustee’s instructions. Generally, the Custodian
transfers gold from the Trust Allocated Account only by debiting gold from the Trust Allocated Account and crediting the gold to the Trust Unallocated Account.    Withdrawals of Gold Directly from the Trust Allocated Account    Upon the Trustee’s
instruction, the Custodian debits gold from the Trust Allocated Account and makes the gold available for collection by the Trustee or, if separately agreed, for delivery by the Custodian in accordance with its usual practices at the
Trust’s expense and risk. The Trustee and the Custodian expect that the Trustee will withdraw gold physically from the Trust Allocated Account (rather than by crediting it to the Trust Unallocated Account and instructing a further
transfer from that account) only in exceptional circumstances, such as if, for some unforeseen reason, it was not possible to transfer gold in unallocated form. The Custodian is not obliged to effect any requested delivery if, in its reasonable
opinion, (1) this would cause the Custodian or its agents to be in breach of the Custody Rules or other applicable law, court order or regulation, (2) the costs incurred would be excessive or (3) delivery is impracticable for any
reason. When gold is physically withdrawn from the Trust Allocated Account pursuant to the Trustee’s instruction, all right, title, risk and interest in and to the gold withdrawn shall pass to the person to whom or to or for whose account
such gold is transferred, delivered or collected at the time the recipient or its agent acknowledges in writing its receipt of gold. Unless the Trustee specifies the bars of gold to be debited from the Trust Allocated Account, the Custodian is
entitled to select the gold bars.    Exclusion of Liability    The Custodian will use reasonable care in the performance of its duties under the Custody Agreements and is only responsible for any loss or damage suffered by the Trust as a direct result of any
negligence, fraud or willful default in the performance of its duties. The Custodian’s liability under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement is further limited to the market value of the gold held in the Trust Allocated Account at the
time such negligence, fraud or willful default is discovered by the Custodian, provided that the Custodian promptly notifies the Trustee of its discovery. The Custodian’s liability under the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement is further
limited to the amount of the gold credited to the Trust Unallocated Account at the time such negligence, fraud or willful default is discovered by the Custodian, provided that the Custodian promptly notifies the Trustee of its discovery.
   Furthermore, the Custodian has no duty to make or take or to require any subcustodian selected by it to make or take any special arrangements
or precautions beyond those required by the Custody Rules or as specifically set forth in the Custody Agreements.    In the event of a loss
caused by the failure of the Custodian or a subcustodian to exercise reasonable care, the Trustee, on behalf of the Trust, has the right to seek recovery from the Custodian or subcustodian in breach. The Custodian is not liable for any delay in
performance or any non-performance of any of its obligations under the Custody Agreements by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control, including, acts of God, war or terrorism.    Indemnity    Solely out of the Trust’s assets, the Trust will indemnify the Custodian
and each of its officers, directors, employees and affiliates on demand against all costs and expenses, damages, liabilities and losses which the Custodian or any such officer, director, employee or affiliate may suffer or incur in connection with
the Custody Agreements, except to the extent that such sums are due directly to the Custodian’s negligence, willful default or fraud.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Termination    The Trustee and the Custodian may each terminate any Custody Agreement upon 90 business days’ prior notice. The Custody Agreements will also terminate 90 business days after the resignation or
removal of the Trustee except as otherwise provided in the Custody Agreements. If either the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement or the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement is terminated, the other agreement automatically terminates.  
 Governing Law    The Custody Agreements
are governed by English law. The Trustee and the Custodian both consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. Such consent is not
required for any person to assert a claim of New York jurisdiction over the Trustee or the Custodian.  
 Description of the Shares    General    The Trustee is authorized under the Trust Indenture to create and issue an
unlimited number of Shares. The Shares represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust and have no par value. Any creation and issuance of Shares above the amount registered on the registration statement of
which this report is a part will require the registration of such additional Shares.    Description of Limited Rights  
 The Shares do not represent a traditional investment and Shareholders should not view them as similar to “shares” of a corporation operating a
business enterprise with management and a board of directors. As a Shareholder, you do not have the statutory rights normally associated with the ownership of shares of a corporation, including, for example, the right to bring “oppression”
or “derivative” actions. All Shares are of the same class with equal rights and privileges. Each Share is transferable, is fully paid and non-assessable and entitles the holder to vote on the limited matters upon which Shareholders may
vote under the Trust Indenture. The Shares do not entitle their holders to any conversion or pre-emptive rights, or, except as provided below, any redemption rights or rights to distributions.  
 Distributions    The Trust Indenture
provides for distributions to Shareholders in only two circumstances. First, if the Trustee and the Sponsor determine that the Trust’s cash account balance exceeds the anticipated expenses of the Trust for the next 12 months and the excess
amount is more than $0.01 per Share outstanding, they shall direct the excess amount to be distributed to the Shareholders. Second, if the Trust is terminated and liquidated, the Trustee will distribute to the Shareholders any amounts remaining
after the satisfaction of all outstanding liabilities of the Trust and the establishment of such reserves for applicable taxes, other governmental charges and contingent or future liabilities as the Trustee shall determine. Shareholders of record on
the record date fixed by the Trustee for a distribution will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of any distribution.    Voting and
Approvals    Under the Trust Indenture, Shareholders have no voting rights, except in limited circumstances.
Shareholders holding at least 66  2 / 3 % of the Shares outstanding may vote to remove the Trustee. The Trustee
may terminate the Trust upon the agreement of Shareholders owning at least 66  2 / 3 % of the
outstanding Shares. In addition, certain amendments to the Trust Indenture require 51% or unanimous consent of the Shareholders.  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Book-Entry Form    Individual certificates will not be issued for the Shares. Instead, global certificates are deposited by the Trustee with DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. The
global certificates evidence all of the Shares outstanding at any time. Under the Trust Indenture, Shareholders are limited to: (1) DTC Participants; (2) those who maintain, either directly or indirectly, a custodial relationship with
a DTC Participant, or Indirect Participants; and (3) those banks, brokers, dealers, trust companies and others who hold interests in the Shares through DTC Participants or Indirect Participants. The Shares are only transferable through the
book-entry system of DTC. Shareholders who are not DTC Participants may transfer their Shares through DTC by instructing the DTC Participant holding their Shares (or by instructing the Indirect Participant or other entity through which their Shares
are held) to transfer the Shares. Transfers are made in accordance with standard securities industry practice.  
 United States Federal Tax Consequences    The following discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences that generally apply to the purchase, ownership and disposition of Shares by a U.S. Shareholder (as defined below), and
certain U.S. federal income, gift and estate tax consequences that may apply to an investment in Shares by a Non-U.S. Shareholder (as defined below), represents, insofar as it describes conclusions as to U.S. federal tax law and subject to the
limitations and qualifications described therein, the opinion of Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP, special U.S. federal tax counsel to the Sponsor. The discussion below is based on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Code,
Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code and judicial and administrative interpretations of the Code, all as in effect on the date of this annual report and all of which are subject to change either prospectively or retroactively. The tax
treatment of Shareholders may vary depending upon their own particular circumstances. Certain Shareholders (including broker-dealers, traders or other investors with special circumstances) may be subject to special rules not discussed below. In
addition, the following discussion applies only to investors who hold Shares as “capital assets” within the meaning of Code section 1221. Moreover, the discussion below does not address the effect of any state, local or foreign tax
law on an owner of Shares. Purchasers of Shares are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax law considerations potentially applicable to their investment in Shares.  
 For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Shareholder” is a Shareholder that is:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An individual who is treated as a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons
have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust.    A Shareholder (other than a partnership or other
entity subject to tax as a partnership) that is not a U.S. Shareholder as defined above is generally considered a “Non-U.S. Shareholder” for purposes of this discussion. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the treatment of any beneficial
owner of an interest in a partnership, including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will generally depend upon the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. Partnerships and partners in
partnerships should consult their tax advisors about the U.S. federal income tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of Shares.  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Taxation of The Trust    The Trust is treated as a “grantor trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, the Trust itself will not pay U.S. federal income tax. Instead, the Trust’s income and expenses
“flow through” to the Shareholders, and the Trustee will report the Trust’s income, gains, losses and deductions to the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, on that basis.    Taxation of U.S. Shareholders    U.S. Shareholders generally will be treated, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, as if they directly owned a pro rata share of the underlying assets held in the Trust. U.S. Shareholders also will be treated as if they directly received their respective pro rata shares of the Trust’s income, if
any, and as if they directly incurred their respective pro rata shares of the Trust’s expenses. In the case of a U.S. Shareholder that purchases Shares for cash, its initial tax basis in its pro rata share of the assets held in the Trust at the
time it acquires its Shares will be equal to its cost of acquiring the Shares. In the case of a U.S. Shareholder that acquires its Shares by delivering gold to the Trust, the delivery of gold to the Trust in exchange for the underlying gold
represented by the Shares will not be a taxable event to the U.S. Shareholder, and the U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis and holding period for the U.S. Shareholder’s pro rata share of the gold held in the Trust will be the same as its tax
basis and holding period for the gold delivered in exchange therefor. For purposes of this discussion, it is assumed that all of a U.S. Shareholder’s Shares are acquired on the same date, at the same price per Share and, except where otherwise
noted, that the sole asset of the Trust is gold.    When the Trust sells gold, for example to pay expenses, a U.S. Shareholder generally will
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between (1) the U.S. Shareholder’s pro rata share of the amount realized by the Trust upon the sale and (2) the U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for its pro rata share of
the gold that was sold, which gain or loss will generally be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending upon whether the U.S. Shareholder has held its Shares for more than one year. A U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for its share of
any gold sold by the Trust generally will be determined by multiplying the U.S. Shareholder’s total basis for its share of all of the gold held in the Trust immediately prior to the sale, by a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of
gold sold and the denominator of which is the total amount of the gold held in the Trust immediately prior to the sale. After any such sale, a U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for its pro rata share of the gold remaining in the Trust will equal its
tax basis for its share of the total amount of the gold held in the Trust immediately prior to the sale, less the portion of such basis allocable to its share of the gold that was sold.    Upon a U.S. Shareholder’s sale of some or all of its Shares, the U.S. Shareholder will be treated as having sold the portion of its pro rata share of the gold held in the Trust at the time of the
sale that is attributable to the Shares sold. Accordingly, the U.S. Shareholder generally will recognize gain or loss on the sale in an amount equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized pursuant to the sale of the Shares, and
(2) the U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for the portion of its pro rata share of the gold held in the Trust at the time of sale that is attributable to the Shares sold, as determined in the manner described in the preceding paragraph.
   A redemption of some or all of a U.S. Shareholder’s Shares in exchange for the underlying gold represented by the Shares redeemed
generally will not be a taxable event to the U.S. Shareholder. The U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for the gold received in the redemption generally will be the same as the U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for the portion of its pro rata share of
the gold held in the Trust immediately prior to the redemption that is attributable to the Shares redeemed. The U.S. Shareholder’s holding period with respect to the gold received should include the period during which the U.S. Shareholder held
the Shares redeemed. A subsequent sale of the gold received by the U.S. Shareholder will be a taxable event.    After any sale or redemption of
less than all of a U.S. Shareholder’s Shares, the U.S. Shareholder’s tax basis for its pro rata share of the gold held in the Trust immediately after such sale or redemption generally will equal its tax basis for its share of the total
amount of the gold held in the Trust immediately prior to the sale or redemption, less the portion of such basis that is taken into account in  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
determining the amount of gain or loss recognized by the U.S. Shareholder upon such sale or, in the case of a redemption, that is treated as the basis of the gold received by the U.S. Shareholder
in the redemption.    As noted above, the foregoing discussion assumes that all of a U.S. Shareholder’s Shares were acquired on the same
date and at the same price per Share. If a U.S. Shareholder owns multiple lots of Shares (i.e., Shares acquired on different dates and/or at different prices), it is uncertain whether the U.S. Shareholder may use the “specific
identification” rules that apply under Treas. Reg. § 1.1012-1(c) in the case of sales of shares of stock, in determining the amount, and the long-term or short-term character, of any gain or loss recognized by the U.S. Shareholder
upon the sale of gold by the Trust, upon the sale of any Shares by the U.S. Shareholder, or upon the sale by the U.S. Shareholder of any gold received by it upon the redemption of any of its Shares. The IRS could take the position that a U.S.
Shareholder has a blended tax basis and holding period for its pro rata share of the underlying gold in the Trust. However, there is no Code section, Regulation or other guidance on this point. U.S. Shareholders that hold multiple lots of Shares, or
that are contemplating acquiring multiple lots of Shares, should consult their own tax advisors as to the determination of the tax basis and holding period for the underlying gold related to such Shares.  
 Maximum 28% Long-Term Capital Gains Tax Rate for U.S. Shareholders Who are Individuals    Under current law, gains recognized by individuals from the sale of “collectibles,” including gold bullion, held for more than one year are taxed at a maximum rate of 28%, rather than the 20%
rate applicable to most other long-term capital gains. For these purposes, gain recognized by an individual upon the sale of an interest in a trust that holds collectibles is treated as gain recognized on the sale of collectibles, to the extent that
the gain is attributable to unrealized appreciation in value of the collectibles held by the trust. Therefore, any gain recognized by an individual U.S. Shareholder attributable to a sale of Shares held for more than one year, or attributable to the
Trust’s sale of any gold bullion that the U.S. Shareholder is treated (through its ownership of Shares) as having held for more than one year, generally will be taxed at a maximum rate of 28%. The tax rates for capital gains recognized upon the
sale of assets held by an individual U.S. Shareholder for one year or less or by a taxpayer other than an individual U.S. taxpayer are generally the same as those at which ordinary income is taxed.  
 3.8% Tax On Net Investment Income    U.S.
Shareholders that are individuals, estates or trusts, whose income exceeds certain thresholds, are subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on their “net investment income,” which generally includes capital gains from the disposition of
property. This tax is in addition to any capital gains taxes due on such investment income. U.S. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, U.S. this law may have on an investment in the Shares.  
 Brokerage Fees and Trust Expenses  
 Any brokerage or other transaction fee incurred by a U.S. Shareholder in purchasing Shares will be treated as part of the U.S. Shareholder’s tax
basis in the underlying assets of the Trust. Similarly, any brokerage fee incurred by a U.S. Shareholder in selling Shares will reduce the amount realized by the U.S. Shareholder with respect to the sale.  
 U.S. Shareholders will be required to recognize gain or loss upon a sale of gold by the Trust (as discussed above), even though some or all of the
proceeds of such sale are used by the Trustee to pay Trust expenses. U.S. Shareholders may deduct their respective pro rata shares of each expense incurred by the Trust to the same extent as if they directly incurred the expense. U.S. Shareholders
who are individuals, estates or trusts, however, may be required to treat some or all of the expenses of the Trust as miscellaneous itemized deductions. Individuals may deduct certain miscellaneous itemized deductions only to the extent they exceed
2% of adjusted gross income. In addition, such deductions may be subject to phase-outs and other limitations under applicable provisions of the Code.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Investment by Tax-Exempt U.S. Shareholders    Tax-exempt U.S. Shareholders, other than private foundations, are subject to U.S. federal income tax only on their unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI. Unless they incur debt in order to purchase
Shares, it is expected that tax-exempt U.S. Shareholders other than private foundations should not realize UBTI in respect of income or gains from the Shares. Tax-exempt U.S. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax
consequences of holding Shares in light of their particular circumstances.    Investment by Regulated Investment Companies  
 Mutual funds and other investment vehicles that are “regulated investment companies” within the meaning of Code section 851 should consult
with their tax advisors concerning (1) the likelihood that an investment in Shares, although the Shares are securities within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, may be considered an investment in the underlying gold for purposes
of Code section 851(b), and (2) the extent to which an investment in Shares might nevertheless be consistent with preservation of their qualification under Code section 851.    Investment by Certain Retirement Plans    Code section 408(m) provides that the
acquisition of a “collectible” by an individual retirement account, or IRA, or a participant-directed account maintained under any plan that is tax-qualified under Code section 401(a), is treated as a taxable distribution from the
account to the owner of the IRA, or to the participant for whom the plan account is maintained, of an amount equal to the cost to the account of acquiring the collectible. The Sponsor has received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect
that a purchase of Shares by an IRA, or by a participant-directed account under a Code section 401(a) plan, will not be treated as resulting in a taxable distribution to the IRA owner or plan participant under Code section 408(m). However,
if any of the Shares so purchased are distributed from the IRA or plan account to the IRA owner or plan participant, or if any gold received by such IRA or plan account upon the redemption of any of the Shares purchased by it is distributed to the
IRA owner or plan participant, the Shares or gold so distributed will be subject to federal income tax in the year of distribution, to the extent provided under the applicable provisions of Code section 408(d), section 408(m) or
section 402. See also “ERISA and Related Considerations.”    U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding for U.S. and
Non-U.S. Shareholders    The Trustee will file certain information returns with the IRS, and provide certain tax-related information to
Shareholders, in connection with the Trust. Each Shareholder will be provided with information regarding its allocable portion of the Trust’s annual income (if any) and expenses.    A U.S. Shareholder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding tax in certain circumstances unless it provides its taxpayer identification number and complies with certain certification procedures. Non-U.S.
Shareholders may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that they are not a U.S. person in order to avoid the information reporting and backup withholding tax requirements.    The amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a Shareholder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such a Shareholder to a refund, provided that the required
information is furnished to the IRS.    Income Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders    The Trust does not expect to generate taxable income except for gain (if any) upon the sale of gold. A Non-U.S. Shareholder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to gain
recognized upon the sale or other disposition of Shares, or upon the sale of gold by the Trust, unless (1) the Non-U.S. Shareholder is an individual and is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the
sale or other disposition, and the gain is treated as being from U.S. sources; or (2) the gain is effectively connected with the conduct by the Non-U.S. Shareholder of a trade or business in the United States and certain other conditions are
met.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Estate and Gift Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Shareholders  
 Under the U.S. federal tax law, individuals who are neither citizens nor residents (as determined for estate and gift tax purposes) of the United States
are subject to estate tax on all property that has a U.S. “situs.” Shares may well be considered to have a U.S. situs for these purposes. If they are, then Shares would be includible in the U.S. gross estate of a non-resident alien
Shareholder. Currently, U.S. estate tax is imposed at rates of up to 35% of the fair market value of the taxable estate. The U.S. estate tax rate is subject to change in future years. In addition, the U.S. federal “generation-skipping transfer
tax” may apply in certain circumstances. The estate of a non-resident alien Shareholder who was resident in a country which has an estate tax treaty with the United States may be entitled to benefit from such treaty.  
 For non-citizens and non-residents of the United States, the U.S. federal gift tax generally applies only to gifts of tangible personal property or real
property having a U.S. situs. Tangible personal property (including gold) has a U.S. situs if it is physically located in the United States. Although the matter is not settled, it appears that ownership of Shares should not be considered ownership
of the underlying gold for this purpose, even to the extent that gold were held in custody in the United States. Instead, Shares should be considered intangible property, and therefore they should not be subject to U.S. gift tax if transferred
during the holder’s lifetime.    Non-U.S. Shareholders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of
U.S. estate, gift and generation-skipping transfer taxes in their particular circumstances.    Taxation in Jurisdictions Other than the
United States    Prospective purchasers of Shares that are based in or acting out of a jurisdiction other than the United States are
advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences, under the laws of such jurisdiction (or any other jurisdiction not being the United States to which they are subject), of their purchase, holding, sale and redemption of or any
other dealing in Shares and, in particular, as to whether any value added tax, other consumption tax or transfer tax is payable in relation to such purchase, holding, sale, redemption or other dealing.  
 ERISA and Related Considerations    The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or ERISA, and Code section 4975 impose certain requirements on employee benefit plans and certain other plans and arrangements,
including individual retirement accounts and annuities, retirement plans for self-employed individuals, and certain collective investment funds or insurance company general or separate accounts in which such plans or arrangements are invested, that
are subject to ERISA or the Code, collectively the Plans, and on persons who are fiduciaries with respect to the investment of assets treated as “plan assets” of a Plan. Government plans and some church plans are not subject to the
fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the provisions of section 4975 of the Code, but may be subject to substantially similar rules under state or other federal law.    In contemplating an investment of a portion of Plan assets in Shares, the Plan fiduciary responsible for making such investment should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances
of the Plan, the “Risk Factors” discussed below and whether such investment is consistent with its fiduciary responsibilities, including, but not limited to: (1) whether the fiduciary has the authority to make the investment under the
appropriate governing plan instrument, (2) whether the investment would constitute a direct or indirect “prohibited transaction” with a “party in interest” or “disqualified person,” as described in section 406 of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, as applicable, that is not otherwise subject to a statutory exemption or prohibited transaction exemption issued by the Department of Labor, (3) the Plan’s funding objectives, and (4) whether
under the general fiduciary standards of investment prudence and diversification such investment is appropriate for the Plan, taking into account the overall investment policy of the Plan, the composition of the Plan’s investment portfolio and
the Plan’s need for sufficient liquidity to pay benefits when due.    The Shares constitute “publicly-offered securities” as
defined in Department of Labor Regulations § 2510.3-101(b)(2). Accordingly, Shares purchased by a Plan, and not an interest in the underlying gold  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
bullion held in the Trust represented by the Shares, should be treated as assets of the Plan, for purposes of applying the “fiduciary responsibility” and “prohibited
transaction” rules of ERISA and the Code. See also “United States Federal Tax Consequences—Investment by Certain Retirement Plans.”      
 
 
 Item 1A.     Risk 
 Factors     You should consider
carefully the risks described below before making an investment decision. You  should  also refer to the other information included in this report, including the Trust’s financial statements and the related notes.  
 The value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the gold held by the Trust and fluctuations in the price of gold could materially adversely
affect an investment in the Shares.    The Shares are designed to mirror as closely as possible the performance of the price of gold, and
the value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the gold held by the Trust, less the Trust’s liabilities (including estimated accrued expenses). The price of gold has fluctuated widely over the past several years. Several factors may
affect the price of gold, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global gold supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as forward selling by gold producers, purchases made by gold producers to unwind
gold hedge positions, central bank purchases and sales, and production and cost levels in major gold-producing countries such as China, South Africa, the United States and Australia;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Investors’ expectations with respect to the rate of inflation;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Currency exchange rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interest rates; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Investment and trading activities of hedge funds and commodity funds.    The Shares have experienced significant price fluctuations. If gold markets continue to be subject to sharp fluctuations, this may result in potential losses if you need to sell your Shares at a time when
the price of gold is lower than it was when you made your investment. Even if you are able to hold Shares for the long-term, you may never experience a profit, since gold markets have historically experienced extended periods of flat or declining
prices, in addition to sharp fluctuations.    In addition, investors should be aware that there is no assurance that gold will maintain its
long-term value in terms of purchasing power in the future. In the event that the price of gold declines, the Sponsor expects the value of an investment in the Shares to decline proportionately.  
 Because the value of the gold held by the Trust is determined using the London PM Fix, potential discrepancies in the calculation of the London PM
Fix could impact the value of the gold held by the Trust and could have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in the Shares.  
 The London Gold Fix is determined twice each business day (10:30 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. London time) by the member banks of The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd.
using a bidding process that sets or “fixes” the price of gold by matching buy and sell orders submitted to the member banks for the applicable fixing time. The net asset value of the Trust is determined each day the Trust’s principal
market, the NYSE Arca, is open for regular trading, using the 3:00 p.m. London Gold Fix, which is commonly referred to as the “London PM Fix.” If the London PM Fix has not been announced by 12:00 PM New York time on a particular evaluation
day, the next most recent London gold price fix (AM or PM) is used in the determination of the net asset value of the Trust. The Trust, the Sponsor, and the Trustee do not participate in establishing the London PM Fix. Other trusts backed by
physical gold also use the London Gold Fix to determine their asset value.    The London PM Fix is currently the most widely used benchmark for
daily gold prices and has historically been viewed as a full and fair representation of all market interest at the time the London PM Fix is determined. Beginning in early 2014, increased attention has been directed to the use of various financial
 
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
benchmarks and indices as price setting mechanisms for market transactions, including the London Gold Fix. For example, the press has reported that regulators in both Germany and the United
Kingdom are currently reviewing the London Gold Fix as part of a wider review of how global benchmark rates are set. As of May 30, 2014, one member of The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. had been sanctioned by regulators in the United Kingdom
for failing to adequately manage conflicts of interest and other matters in connection with the London Gold Fix, and a senior trader for the firm has been sanctioned for inappropriate conduct relating to the London Gold Fix. It is possible that
there may be additional regulatory actions brought against other members of The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. Separately, several lawsuits have been filed against the member banks which establish the London Gold Fix for alleged manipulative conduct
in connection with their role in determining the London Gold Fix. On May 13, 2014, Deutsche Bank AG ceased to participate in the London Gold Fix, leaving four member banks of The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. as participants. There can be no
assurance that any of the other member banks will not withdraw from the London Gold Fix process without finding a replacement.    Concerns about
the integrity or reliability of the London PM Fix, even if eventually shown to be without merit, could adversely affect investor interest in gold and therefore adversely affect the price of gold and the value of an investment in the Shares. Because
the net asset value of the Trust is determined using the London PM Fix, discrepancies in, or manipulation of the calculation of the London PM Fix could have an adverse impact on the value of an investment in the Shares. Furthermore, any concern
about the integrity or reliability of the pricing mechanism could disrupt trading in gold and products using the London PM Fix, such as the Shares. In addition, these concerns could potentially lead to both changes in the manner in which the London
PM Fix is calculated and/or the discontinuance of the London Gold Fix altogether. Each of these factors could lead to less liquidity or greater price volatility for gold and products using the London PM Fix, such as the Shares, or otherwise could
have an adverse impact on the trading price of the Shares.    On November 7, 2014, the London Bullion Market Association, or LBMA, announced that
ICE Benchmark Administration, or IBA, was selected to be the third-party administrator for the LBMA Gold Price, a successor benchmark to the London PM Fix. IBA, an independent specialist benchmark administrator, will provide the price platform,
methodology as well as the overall administration and governance for the LBMA Gold Price. The LBMA reported that it intends to develop a process of accreditation for gold price participants. In the interim the LBMA will work with IBA to prepare the
LBMA Gold Price mechanism for the start of live testing, which is expected to go live in first quarter of 2015.    The Sponsor and the Trustee
are monitoring the matters described above. The Trust will continue to use the London PM Fix to value the gold held by the Trust until the transition from the London Fix to the LBMA Gold Price is complete unless the Trustee, in consultation with the
Sponsor, determines before such time that such price is inappropriate as a basis for evaluation of the Trust’s gold. In such event, or in the event the London PM Fix is no longer calculated, the Trustee and Sponsor will, in good faith, identify
an alternative basis for the evaluation of the gold held by the Trust and take such action as they deem warranted. The use of an alternative indicator for the price of gold could result in materially different pricing of the gold in the Trust, which
could result in materially different valuations of the Trust’s Shares. There can be no assurance that future changes to, or the discontinuance of, the London PM Fix will not have a material effect on the Trust’s operations, including the
creation or redemption of Shares, or the trading price of Shares.    The amount of gold represented by the Shares will continue to be
reduced during the life of the Trust due to the sales of gold necessary to pay the Trust’s expenses irrespective of whether the trading price of the Shares rises or falls in response to changes in the price of gold.  
 Each outstanding Share represents a fractional, undivided interest in the gold held by the Trust. The Trust does not generate any income and regularly
sells gold to pay for its ongoing expenses. Therefore, the amount of gold represented by each Share has gradually declined over time. This is also true with respect to Shares that are issued in exchange for additional deposits of gold into the
Trust, as the amount  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  of gold required to create Shares proportionately reflects the amount of gold represented by the Shares
outstanding at the time of creation. Assuming a constant gold price, the trading price of the Shares is expected to gradually decline relative to the price of gold as the amount of gold represented by the Shares gradually declines.  
 Investors should be aware that the gradual decline in the amount of gold represented by the Shares will occur regardless of whether the trading price of
the Shares rises or falls in response to changes in the price of gold. The estimated ordinary operating expenses of the Trust, which accrue daily commencing after the first day of trading of the Shares, are described in “Business of the
Trust—Trust Expenses”.    The Trust is a passive investment vehicle. This means that the value of the Shares may be
adversely affected by Trust losses that, if the Trust had been actively managed, it might have been possible to avoid.    The Trustee
does not actively manage the gold held by the Trust. This means that the Trustee does not sell gold at times when its price is high, or acquire gold at low prices in the expectation of future price increases. It also means that the Trustee does not
make use of any of the hedging techniques available to professional gold investors to attempt to reduce the risks of losses resulting from price decreases. Any losses sustained by the Trust will adversely affect the value of the Shares.  
 The Shares may trade at a price which is at, above or below the NAV per Share and any discount or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV
per Share may widen as a result of non-concurrent trading hours between the COMEX and NYSE Arca.    The Shares may trade at, above or
below the NAV per Share. The NAV per Share fluctuates with changes in the market value of the Trust’s assets. The trading price of the Shares fluctuates in accordance with changes in the NAV per Share as well as market supply and demand. The
amount of the discount or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV per Share may be influenced by non-concurrent trading hours between the COMEX and NYSE Arca. While the Shares trade on NYSE Arca until 8:00 PM New York time, liquidity
in the global gold market may be reduced after the close of the COMEX at 1:30 PM New York time. As a result, during this time, trading spreads, and the resulting premium or discount, on the Shares may widen.  
 The sale of the Trust’s gold to pay expenses at a time of low gold prices could adversely affect the value of the Shares.  
 The Trustee sells gold held by the Trust to pay Trust expenses on an as-needed basis irrespective of then-current gold prices. The Trust is not actively
managed and no attempt will be made to buy or sell gold to protect against or to take advantage of fluctuations in the price of gold. Consequently, the Trust’s gold may be sold at a time when the gold price is low, resulting in a negative
effect on the value of the Shares.    Crises may motivate large-scale sales of gold which could decrease the price of gold and adversely
affect an investment in the Shares.    The possibility of large-scale distress sales of gold in times of crisis may have a negative
impact on the price of gold and adversely affect an investment in the Shares. For example, the 1998 Asian financial crisis resulted in significant sales of gold by individuals which depressed the price of gold. Crises in the future may impair
gold’s price performance which would, in turn, adversely affect an investment in the Shares.    Purchasing activity in the gold market
associated with the delivery of gold bullion to the Trust in exchange for Baskets may cause a temporary increase in the price of gold. This increase may adversely affect an investment in the Shares.  
 Purchasing activity associated with acquiring the gold bullion required for deposit into the Trust in connection with the creation of Baskets may
temporarily increase the market price of gold, which will result in higher prices for the Shares. Temporary increases in the market price of gold may also occur as a result of the purchasing activity of other market participants. Other market
participants may attempt to benefit from an increase in the market price of gold that may result from increased purchasing activity of  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
gold connected with the issuance of Baskets. Consequently, the market price of gold may decline immediately after Baskets are created. If the price of gold declines, the trading price of the
Shares will also decline.    Shareholders do not have the protections associated with ownership of shares in an investment company
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or the protections afforded by the Commodity Exchange Act, or “CEA”.    The
Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not required to register under such act. Consequently, Shareholders do not have the regulatory protections provided to investors in investment
companies. The Trust will not hold or trade in commodity futures contracts regulated by the CEA, as administered by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC. Furthermore, the Trust is not a commodity pool for purposes of the CEA, and none
of the Sponsor, the Trustee or the Marketing Agent is subject to regulation by the CFTC as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor in connection with the Shares. Consequently, Shareholders do not have the regulatory protections
provided to investors in CEA-regulated instruments or commodity pools.    The Trust may be required to terminate and liquidate at a time
that is disadvantageous to Shareholders.    If the Trust is required to terminate and liquidate, such termination and liquidation could
occur at a time which is disadvantageous to Shareholders, such as when gold prices are lower than the gold prices at the time when Shareholders purchased their Shares. In such a case, when the Trust’s gold is sold as part of the Trust’s
liquidation, the resulting proceeds distributed to Shareholders will be less than if gold prices were higher at the time of sale.    The
liquidity of the Shares may be affected by the withdrawal of Authorized Participants.    In the event that one of more Authorized
Participants which has substantial interests in the Shares withdraws from participation, the liquidity of the Shares will likely decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of the Shares.  
 The lack of an active trading market or a halt in trading of the Shares may result in losses on investment at the time of disposition of the Shares.
   Although Shares are listed for trading on NYSE Arca, it cannot be assumed that an active trading market for the Shares will be
maintained. If an investor needs to sell Shares at a time when no active market for Shares exists, or there is a halt in trading of securities generally or of the Shares, this will most likely adversely affect the price the investor receives for the
Shares (assuming the investor is able to sell them).    The price of gold may be affected by the sale of gold by ETFs or other exchange
traded vehicles tracking gold markets.    To the extent existing exchange traded funds, or ETFs, or other exchange traded vehicles
tracking gold markets represent a significant proportion of demand for physical gold bullion, large redemptions of the securities of these ETFs or other exchange traded vehicles could negatively affect physical gold bullion prices and the price and
NAV of the Shares.    Redemption orders are subject to postponement, suspension or rejection by the Trustee under certain circumstances.
   The Trustee may, in its discretion, and will when directed by the Sponsor, suspend the right of redemption or postpone the redemption
settlement date, (1) for any period during which NYSE Arca is closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings, or trading on NYSE Arca is suspended or restricted, (2) for any period during which an emergency exists as a result of
which the delivery, disposal or evaluation of gold is not reasonably practicable, or (3) for such other period as the Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of Shareholders. In addition, the Trustee will reject a
 
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the Participant Agreement or if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. Any such
postponement, suspension or rejection could adversely affect a redeeming Shareholder. For example, the resulting delay may adversely affect the value of the Shareholder’s redemption distribution if the price of the Shares declines during the
period of the delay. See “Creation and Redemption of Shares—Redemption Procedures.” Under the Trust Indenture, the Sponsor and the Trustee disclaim any liability for any loss or damage that may result from any such suspension or
postponement.    Shareholders do not have the rights enjoyed by investors in certain other vehicles.  
 As interests in an investment trust, the Shares have none of the statutory rights normally associated with the ownership of shares of a corporation
(including, for example, the right to bring “oppression” or “derivative” actions). In addition, the Shares have limited voting and distribution rights (for example, Shareholders do not have the right to elect directors and will
not receive dividends). See “Description of the Shares” for a description of the limited rights of holders of Shares.    An
investment in the Shares may be adversely affected by competition from other methods of investing in gold.    The Trust competes with
other financial vehicles, including traditional debt and equity securities issued by companies in the gold industry and other securities backed by or linked to gold, direct investments in gold and investment vehicles similar to the Trust. Market and
financial conditions, and other conditions beyond the Sponsor’s control, may make it more attractive to invest in other financial vehicles or to invest in gold directly, which could limit the market for the Shares and reduce the liquidity of
the Shares.    Substantial sales of gold by the official sector could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.  
 The official sector consists of central banks, other governmental agencies and multi-lateral institutions that buy, sell and hold gold as part of their
reserve assets. The official sector holds a significant amount of gold, most of which is static, meaning that it is held in vaults and is not bought, sold, leased or swapped or otherwise mobilized in the open market. A number of central banks have
sold portions of their gold over the past 10 years, with the result that the official sector, taken as a whole, has been a net supplier to the open market. Since 1999, most sales have been made in a coordinated manner under the terms of the
Central Bank Gold Agreement, as amended, under which 21 of the world’s major central banks (including the European Central Bank) agree to limit the level of their gold sales and lending to the market. See “The Gold Industry—Sources of
Gold Supply” and “Movements in the Price of Gold Since the Inception of the Trust” for more details. In the event that future economic, political or social conditions or pressures require members of the official sector to liquidate
their gold assets all at once or in an uncoordinated manner, the demand for gold might not be sufficient to accommodate the sudden increase in the supply of gold to the market. Consequently, the price of gold could decline significantly, which would
adversely affect an investment in the Shares.    The Trust’s gold may be subject to loss, damage, theft or restriction on access.
   There is a risk that some or all of the Trust’s gold bars held by the Custodian or any subcustodian on behalf of the Trust could
be lost, damaged or stolen. Access to the Trust’s gold bars could also be restricted by natural events (such as an earthquake) or human actions (such as a terrorist attack). Any of these events may adversely affect the operations of the Trust
and, consequently, an investment in the Shares.    The Trust may not have adequate sources of recovery if its gold is lost, damaged, stolen
or destroyed and recovery may be limited, even in the event of fraud, to the market value of the gold at the time the fraud is discovered.    Shareholders’ recourse against the Trust, the Trustee and the Sponsor, under New York law, the Custodian, under English law, and any subcustodians under the law governing their custody operations is
limited. The Trust does not insure its gold. The Custodian maintains insurance with regard to its business on such terms and conditions as it considers appropriate which does not cover the full amount of gold.
 
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
The Trust is not a beneficiary of any such insurance and does not have the ability to dictate the existence, nature or amount of coverage. Therefore, Shareholders cannot be assured that the
Custodian will maintain adequate insurance or any insurance with respect to the gold held by the Custodian on behalf of the Trust. In addition, the Custodian and the Trustee do not require any direct or indirect subcustodians to be insured or bonded
with respect to their custodial activities or in respect of the gold held by them on behalf of the Trust. Consequently, a loss may be suffered with respect to the Trust’s gold which is not covered by insurance and for which no person is liable
in damages.    The liability of the Custodian is limited under the Custody Agreements. Under the Custody Agreements, the Custodian is only liable
for losses that are the direct result of its own negligence, fraud or willful default in the performance of its duties. Any such liability is further limited, in the case of the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, to the market value of the gold
bars held in the Trust’s allocated gold account (Trust Allocated Account) at the time such negligence, fraud or willful default is discovered by the Custodian and, in the case of the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement, to the amount of
gold credited to the Trust’s unallocated gold account (Trust Unallocated Account) at the time such negligence, fraud or willful default is discovered by the Custodian. The Custodian is not contractually or otherwise liable for any losses
suffered by any Authorized Participant or Shareholder that are not the direct result of its own gross negligence, fraud or willful default in the performance of its duties under such agreement, and in no event will its liability exceed the market
value of the balance in the Authorized Participant Unallocated Account at the time such gross negligence, fraud or willful default is discovered by the Custodian.    In addition, the Custodian will not be liable for any delay in performance or any non-performance of any of its obligations under the Custody Agreements by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable
control, including acts of God, war or terrorism. As a result, the recourse of the Trustee or the investor, under English law, is limited. Furthermore, under English common law, the Custodian or any subcustodian will not be liable for any delay in
the performance or any non-performance of its custodial obligations by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control.    Gold bars may be
held by one or more subcustodians appointed by the Custodian, or employed by the subcustodians appointed by the Custodian, until it is transported to the Custodian’s London vault premises. Under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, except
for an obligation on the part of the Custodian to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain delivery of the Trust’s gold bars from any subcustodians appointed by the Custodian, the Custodian is not liable for the acts or omissions of its
subcustodians unless the selection of such subcustodians was made negligently or in bad faith. There are expected to be no written contractual arrangements between subcustodians that hold the Trust’s gold bars and the Trustee or the Custodian,
because traditionally such arrangements are based on the LBMA’s rules and on the customs and practices of the London bullion market. In the event of a legal dispute with respect to or arising from such arrangements, it may be difficult to
define such customs and practices. The LBMA’s rules may be subject to change outside the control of the Trust. Under English law, neither the Trustee, nor the Custodian would have a supportable breach of contract claim against a subcustodian
for losses relating to the safekeeping of gold. If the Trust’s gold bars are lost or damaged while in the custody of a subcustodian, the Trust may not be able to recover damages from the Custodian or the subcustodian.  
 The obligations of the Custodian under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement and the Participant Unallocated
Bullion Account Agreement are governed by English law. The Custodian may enter into arrangements with English subcustodians, which arrangements may also be governed by English law. The Trust is a New York investment trust. Any United States, New
York or other court situated in the United States may have difficulty interpreting English law (which, insofar as it relates to custody arrangements, is largely derived from court rulings rather than statute), LBMA rules or the customs and practices
in the London custody market. It may be difficult or impossible for the Trust to sue a subcustodian in a United States, New York or other court situated in the United States. In addition, it may be difficult, time consuming and/or expensive for
the Trust to enforce in a foreign court a judgment rendered by a United States, New York or other court situated in the United States.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  If the Trust’s gold bars are lost, damaged, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party
liable to the Trust, the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy the Trust’s claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for the Trust might be limited to the Custodian,
as currently it is the sole custodian holding all of the Trust’s gold; or one or more subcustodians, if appointed; or, to the extent identifiable, other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the
financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of the Trust.    Neither the Shareholders nor any
Authorized Participant has a right under the Custody Agreements to assert a claim of the Trustee against the Custodian or any subcustodian; claims under the Custody Agreements may only be asserted by the Trustee on behalf of the Trust.  
 Because neither the Trustee nor the Custodian oversees or monitors the activities of subcustodians who may temporarily hold the Trust’s gold
bars until transported to the Custodian’s London vault, failure by the subcustodians to exercise due care in the safekeeping of the Trust’s gold bars could result in a loss to the Trust.  
 Under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, the Custodian agreed that it will hold all of the Trust’s gold bars in its own vault premises except
when the gold bars have been allocated in a vault other than the Custodian’s vault premises, and in such cases the Custodian agreed that it will use commercially reasonable efforts promptly to transport the gold bars to the Custodian’s
vault, at the Custodian’s cost and risk. Nevertheless, there will be periods of time when some portion of the Trust’s gold bars may be held by one or more subcustodians appointed by the Custodian or by a subcustodian of such subcustodian.
The Allocated Bullion Account Agreement is described in “Description of the Custody Agreements.”    The Custodian is required under the
Allocated Bullion Account Agreement to use reasonable care in appointing its subcustodians but otherwise has no other responsibility in relation to the subcustodians appointed by it. These subcustodians may in turn appoint further subcustodians, but
the Custodian is not responsible for the appointment of these further subcustodians. The Custodian does not undertake to monitor the performance by subcustodians of their custody functions or their selection of further subcustodians. The Trustee
does not undertake to monitor the performance of any subcustodian. Furthermore, the Trustee may have no right to visit the premises of any subcustodian for the purposes of examining the Trust’s gold bars or any records maintained by the
subcustodian, and no subcustodian will be obligated to cooperate in any review the Trustee may wish to conduct of the facilities, procedures, records or creditworthiness of such subcustodian. See “Custody of the Trust’s Gold” for more
information about subcustodians that may hold the Trust’s gold.    In addition, the ability of the Trustee to monitor the performance of the
Custodian may be limited because under the Custody Agreements the Trustee has only limited rights to visit the premises of the Custodian for the purpose of examining the Trust’s gold bars and certain related records maintained by the Custodian.
   The ability of the Trustee and the Custodian to take legal action against subcustodians may be limited, which increases the possibility
that the Trust may suffer a loss if a subcustodian does not use due care in the safekeeping of the Trust’s gold bars.    If any
subcustodian which holds gold on a temporary basis does not exercise due care in the safekeeping of the Trust’s gold bars, the ability of the Trustee or the Custodian to recover damages against such subcustodian may be limited to only such
recourse, if any, as may be available under applicable English law or, if the subcustodian is not located in England, under other applicable law. This is because there are expected to be no written contractual arrangements between subcustodians who
may hold the Trust’s gold bars and the Trustee or the Custodian, as the case may be. If the Trustee’s or the Custodian’s recourse against the subcustodian is so limited, the Trust may not be adequately compensated for the loss. For
more information on the Trustee’s and the Custodian’s ability to seek recovery against subcustodians and the subcustodian’s duty to safekeep the Trust’s gold bars, see “Custody of the Trust’s Gold.”  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Gold held in the Trust’s unallocated gold account and any Authorized Participant’s
unallocated gold account will not be segregated from the Custodian’s assets. If the Custodian becomes insolvent, its assets may not be adequate to satisfy a claim by the Trust or any Authorized Participant. In addition, in the event of the
Custodian’s insolvency, there may be a delay and costs incurred in identifying the gold bars held in the Trust’s allocated gold account.    Gold which is part of a deposit for a purchase order or part of a redemption distribution will be held for a time in the Trust Unallocated Account and, previously or subsequently in, the Authorized
Participant Unallocated Account of the purchasing or redeeming Authorized Participant. During those times, the Trust and the Authorized Participant, as the case may be, will have no proprietary rights to any specific bars of gold held by the
Custodian and will each be an unsecured creditor of the Custodian with respect to the amount of gold held in such unallocated accounts. In addition, if the Custodian fails to allocate the Trust’s gold in a timely manner, in the proper amounts
or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement, or if a subcustodian fails to so segregate gold held by it on behalf of the Trust, unallocated gold will not be segregated from the Custodian’s assets, and
the Trust will be an unsecured creditor of the Custodian with respect to the amount so held in the event of the insolvency of the Custodian. In the event the Custodian becomes insolvent, the Custodian’s assets might not be adequate to satisfy a
claim by the Trust or the Authorized Participant for the amount of gold held in their respective unallocated gold accounts.    In the event of
the insolvency of the Custodian, a liquidator may seek to freeze access to the gold held in all of the accounts held by the Custodian, including the Trust Allocated Account. Although the Trust would retain legal title to the allocated gold bars, the
Trust could incur expenses in connection with obtaining control of the allocated gold bars, and the assertion of a claim by such liquidator for unpaid fees due to the Custodian could delay creations and redemptions of Baskets.  
 The gold bullion custody operations of the Custodian are not subject to specific governmental regulatory supervision.  
 The Custodian is responsible for the safekeeping of the Trust’s gold bullion that the Custodian allocates to the Trust in connection with the
creation of Baskets by Authorized Participants. The Custodian also facilitates the transfer of gold in and out of the Trust through unallocated gold accounts it maintains for Authorized Participants and the Trust. Although the Custodian is a market
maker, clearer and approved weigher under the rules of the LBMA (which sets out good practices for participants in the bullion market), the LBMA is not an official or governmental regulatory body. Furthermore, although the Custodian is subject to
general banking regulations by U.S. regulators and is generally regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority, such regulations do not directly cover the Custodian’s gold bullion custody operations in the U.K. Accordingly, the Trust
is dependent on the Custodian to comply with the best practices of the LBMA and to implement satisfactory internal controls for its gold bullion custody operations in order to keep the Trust’s gold secure.  
 In issuing Baskets, the Trustee relies on certain information received from the Custodian which is subject to confirmation after the Trustee has
relied on the information. If such information turns out to be incorrect, Baskets may be issued in exchange for an amount of gold which is more or less than the amount of gold which is required to be deposited with the Trust.  
 The Custodian’s definitive records are prepared after the close of its business day. However, when issuing Baskets, the Trustee relies on information
reporting the amount of gold credited to the Trust’s accounts which it receives from the Custodian during the business day and which is subject to correction during the preparation of the Custodian’s definitive records after the close of
business. If the information relied upon by the Trustee is incorrect, the amount of gold actually received by the Trust may be more or less than the amount required to be deposited for the issuance of Baskets.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Trust’s obligation to reimburse the Marketing Agent and the Authorized Participants for
certain liabilities in the event the Sponsor fails to indemnify such parties could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.    The
Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Marketing Agent, its partners, directors and officers, and any person who controls the Marketing Agent, and its respective successors and assigns, against any loss, damage, expense, liability or claim that may be
incurred by the Marketing Agent in connection with (1) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the registration statement of which this report forms a part (including this report, any preliminary
prospectus, any prospectus supplement and any exhibits thereto) or any omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (2) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact made by the Sponsor with respect to any representations and warranties or any covenants under the Marketing Agent Agreement, or failure of the Sponsor to perform any agreement or covenant therein,
(3) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any materials used in connection with the marketing of the Shares, (4) circumstances surrounding the third party allegations relating to patent and
contract disputes, or (5) the Marketing Agent’s performance of its duties under the Marketing Agent Agreement, and to contribute to payments that the Marketing Agent may be required to make in respect thereof. The Trustee has agreed to
reimburse the Marketing Agent, solely from and to the extent of the Trust’s assets, for indemnification and contribution due under the preceding sentence to the extent the Sponsor has not paid such amounts directly when due. Under the
Participant Agreement, the Sponsor also has agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and to contribute to payments that the Authorized Participants may be required to
make in respect of such liabilities. The Trustee has agreed to reimburse the Authorized Participants, solely from and to the extent of the Trust’s assets, for indemnification and contribution amounts due from the Sponsor in respect of such
liabilities to the extent the Sponsor has not paid such amounts when due. In the event the Trust is required to pay any such amounts, the Trustee would be required to sell assets of the Trust to cover the amount of any such payment and the NAV of
the Trust would be reduced accordingly, thus adversely affecting an investment in the Shares.    Under the Trust Indenture, the Sponsor may
be able to seek indemnification from the Trust for payments it makes in connection with the Sponsor’s activities under the Trust Indenture to the extent its conduct does not disqualify it from receiving such indemnification under the terms
of the Trust Indenture. The Sponsor will also be indemnified from the Trust and held harmless against any loss, liability or expense arising under the Marketing Agent Agreement or any Participant Agreement insofar as such loss, liability or
expense arises from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any written statement provided to the Sponsor by the Trustee.    Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments      Not applicable.    Item 2.     Properties
     Not applicable.    
 Item 3.     Legal Proceedings      Not applicable.  
 Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures    
 Not applicable.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
 a) The Trust’s Shares are listed on NYSE Arca under the symbol “GLD” since December 13, 2007, after a transfer from the New York Stock
Exchange, or NYSE, where the Shares were listed since its initial public offering on November 18, 2004. The Shares have traded on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores) since August 10, 2006, on the Singapore Exchange
Securities Trading Limited since October 11, 2006, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange since June 30, 2008 and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong since July 31, 2008.    The following table sets forth the range of reported high and low closing prices of the Shares as reported on NYSE Arca for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   High 
   
    
   Low 
   


 
   Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Quarter Ended 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 130.56 
    
    
 $ 
 114.82 
    
 
   March 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 133.10 
    
    
 $ 
 118.00 
    
 
   June 30, 2014 
    
 $ 
 128.04 
    
    
 $ 
 119.70 
    
 
   September 30, 2014 
    
 $ 
 128.78 
    
    
 $ 
 116.21 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   High 
   
    
   Low 
   


 
   Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Quarter Ended 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 173.61 
    
    
 $ 
 159.71 
    
 
   March 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 163.67 
    
    
 $ 
 151.41 
    
 
   June 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 154.67 
    
    
 $ 
 115.92 
    
 
   September 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 136.72 
    
    
 $ 
 118.09 
    
   As of October 31, 2014, there were approximately 204 DTC participating shareholders of record of the Trust.
   Monthly Share Price    The
following table sets forth, for each of the most recent six months, the high and low closing prices of the Shares, as reported for NYSE Arca transactions.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Month 
    
   High 
   
    
   Low 
   


 
   May 2014 
    
 $ 
 126.22 
    
    
 $ 
 120.43 
    
 
   June 2014 
    
 $ 
 128.04 
    
    
 $ 
 119.70 
    
 
   July 2014 
    
 $ 
 128.78 
    
    
 $ 
 123.39 
    
 
   August 2014 
    
 $ 
 126.31 
    
    
 $ 
 122.74 
    
 
   September 2014 
    
 $ 
 122.15 
    
    
 $ 
 116.21 
    
 
   October 2014 
    
 $ 
 120.02 
    
    
 $ 
 112.66 
    
 
   November 2014 (through November 21, 2014) 
    
 $ 
 115.39 
    
    
 $ 
 109.79 
    
   b) Not applicable  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  c) Although the Trust does not purchase shares directly from its shareholders, in connection with its
redemption of Baskets, the Trust redeemed 915 Baskets (91,500,000 Shares) during the year ended September 30, 2014, including 186 Baskets (18,600,000 Shares) for the three months ended September 30, 2014 as set forth in
the table below.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total number of shares redeemed 
   
    
 Average ounces of gold per share 
   


 
   7/1/14 to 7/31/14 
    
   
 3,600,000 
    
    
   
 0.09623 
    
 
   8/1/14 to 8/31/14 
    
   
 4,800,000 
    
    
   
 0.09621 
    
 
   9/1/14 to 9/30/14 
    
   
 10,200,000 
    
    
   
 0.09617 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   TOTAL 
    
   
 18,600,000 
    
    
   
 0.09619 
    
 
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 6.     Selected Financial Data 
   The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the Trust’s financial statements and related notes and
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”    Financial Highlights
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2012 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2011 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2010 
   


 
   Total gain (loss) on gold 
   
 $ 
 (96,630 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,735,252 
    
   
 $ 
 2,678,980 
    
   
 $ 
 7,579,013 
    
   
 $ 
 1,385,254 
    
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
   
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
   
 $ 
 2,407,207 
    
   
 $ 
 7,340,281 
    
   
 $ 
 1,208,132 
    
 
   Net cash flows from operating activities 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Statements of Operation Data: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts, except per share, are in 000’s of US$) 
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2012 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2011 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2010 
   
 
   REVENUES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of gold to pay expenses 
   
 $ 
 135,509 
    
   
 $ 
 241,124 
    
   
 $ 
 271,687 
    
   
 $ 
 230,696 
    
   
 $ 
 170,598 
    
 
   Cost of gold sold to pay expenses 
   
   
 (129,207 
 )  
   
   
 (188,717 
 )  
   
   
 (183,724 
 )  
   
   
 (147,576 
 )  
   
   
 (124,764 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain on gold sold to pay expenses 
   
   
 6,302 
    
   
   
 52,407 
    
   
   
 87,963 
    
   
   
 83,120 
    
   
   
 45,834 
    
 
   Gain on gold distributed for the redemption of shares 
   
   
 374,322 
    
   
   
 4,682,845 
    
   
   
 2,591,017 
    
   
   
 7,495,893 
    
   
   
 1,339,420 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
   
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total gain (loss) on gold 
   
   
 (96,630 
 )  
   
   
 4,735,252 
    
   
   
 2,678,980 
    
   
   
 7,579,013 
    
   
   
 1,385,254 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EXPENSES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Custody fees 
   
   
 22,724 
    
   
   
 37,838 
    
   
   
 44,468 
    
   
   
 39,054 
    
   
   
 29,030 
    
 
   Trustee fees 
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Sponsor fees 
   
   
 50,158 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
   
   
 101,916 
    
   
   
 89,517 
    
   
   
 66,249 
    
 
   Marketing agent fees 
   
   
 50,158 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
   
   
 101,916 
    
   
   
 89,517 
    
   
   
 66,249 
    
 
   Other expenses 
   
   
 8,716 
    
   
   
 17,593 
    
   
   
 21,473 
    
   
   
 18,644 
    
   
   
 13,594 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 133,756 
    
   
   
 229,735 
    
   
   
 271,773 
    
   
   
 238,732 
    
   
   
 177,122 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
   
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
   
 $ 
 2,407,207 
    
   
 $ 
 7,340,281 
    
   
   
 1,208,132 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) per share 
   
 $ 
 (0.85 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11.75 
    
   
 $ 
 5.71 
    
   
 $ 
 17.87 
    
   
 $ 
 3.10 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
   
   
 270,245 
    
   
   
 383,416 
    
   
   
 421,629 
    
   
   
 410,730 
    
   
   
 389,968 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Statements of Financial Condition Data:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$, except for share data) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
    
 Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2012 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2011 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2010 
   


 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment in gold, at lower of average cost or market value (1) 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
   
 $ 
 50,726,261 
    
   
 $ 
 42,736,696 
    
   
 $ 
 37,736,064 
    
 
   Gold receivable 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 255,409 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
   
 $ 
 50,726,261 
    
   
 $ 
 42,736,696 
    
   
 $ 
 37,991,473 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gold payable 
    
 $ 
 140,368 
    
    
 $ 
 153,680 
    
   
 $ 
 602,591 
    
   
 $ 
 520,297 
    
   
 $ 
  76,622 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 13,661 
    
    
   
 15,414 
    
   
   
 26,804 
    
   
   
 26,718 
    
   
   
 18,682 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 154,029 
    
    
   
 169,094 
    
   
   
 629,395 
    
   
   
 547,015 
    
   
   
 95,304 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Redeemable Shares: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Shares at redemption value to investors (2) 
    
   
 30,096,869 
    
    
   
 38,623,537 
    
   
   
 75,389,813 
    
   
   
 64,137,833 
    
   
   
 54,809,779 
    
 
   Shareholders’ Deficit 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (2,979,854 
 )  
   
   
 (25,292,947 
 )  
   
   
 (21,948,152 
 )  
   
   
 (16,913,610 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities, Redeemable Shares & Shareholders’ Deficit 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
   
 $ 
 50,726,261 
    
   
 $ 
 42,736,696 
    
   
 $ 
 37,991,473 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Investment in gold is held at the lower of average cost or market value. The average cost of Investment in Gold was $30,728,152 at September 30, 2014. The market
value of Investment in Gold was $38,792,631 at September 30, 2013, $76,019,208 at September 30, 2012, $64,684,848 at September 30, 2011, and $54,649,674 at September 30, 2010.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
 Authorized share capital is unlimited and share par value is $0.00. Shares issued and outstanding: 257,300,000 at September 30, 2014, 301,600,000 at
September 30, 2013, 437,900,000 at September 30, 2012, 406,800,000 at September 30, 2011, and 429,200,000 at September 30, 2010.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      Trust Overview  
 SPDR ® 
  Gold Trust is an investment trust that was formed on November 12, 2004 (Date of Inception). The Trust issues baskets of Shares, or Baskets, in exchange for deposits of gold and distributes gold in connection with the redemption of
Baskets. The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold bullion, less the expenses of the Trust’s operations. The Shares are designed to provide investors with a cost effective and
convenient way to invest in gold.    As of the date of this annual report, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse
Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing, L.P., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC, Newedge USA, LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., UBS Securities LLC and Virtu Financial BD LLC are the only Authorized Participants. An updated list of Authorized Participants can be obtained from
the Trustee or the Sponsor.    Investing in the Shares does not insulate the investor from certain risks, including price volatility. The
following table illustrates the movement in the price of the Shares and NAV of the Shares against the corresponding gold price (per 1/10 of an oz. of gold) since the day the Shares first began trading on the NYSE:  
 Share price & NAV v. gold price — November 18, 2004 to September 30, 2014  
     


 
    The divergence of the price of the Shares and NAV of the Shares from the gold price over time reflects the cumulative
effect of the Trust expenses that arise if an investment had been held since inception.    Valuation of Gold, Definition of Net Asset Value
and Adjusted Net Asset Value    As of the London PM Fix on each day that the NYSE Arca is open for regular trading or, if there is no London
PM Fix on such day or the London PM Fix has not been announced by 12:00 PM New York time on such day, as of 12:00 PM New York time on such day (the “Valuation Time”), the Trustee values the gold held by the Trust and determines both the
ANAV and the NAV of the Trust.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  At the Valuation Time, the Trustee values the Trust’s gold on the basis of that day’s London PM
Fix or, if no London PM Fix is made on such day or has not been announced by the Valuation Time, the next most recent London gold price fix (AM or PM) determined prior to the Valuation Time will be used, unless the Trustee, in consultation with the
Sponsor, determines that such price is inappropriate as a basis for valuation. In the event the Trustee and the Sponsor determine that the London PM Fix or last prior London gold price fix (AM or PM) is not an appropriate basis for valuation of the
Trust’s gold, they will identify an alternative basis for such valuation to be employed by the Trustee. While we believe that the London PM Fix is an appropriate indicator of the value of gold, there are other indicators that are available that
could be different than the London PM Fix. The use of such an alternative indicator could result in materially different fair value pricing of the gold in the Trust which could result in different lower of cost or market adjustments or redemption
value adjustments of the outstanding redeemable Shares. There can be no assurance that a future change, if any, in the London PM Fix will not have a material effect on the Trust’s operations.  
 Once the value of the gold has been determined, the Trustee subtracts all estimated accrued fees (other than the fees to be computed by reference to the
value of the ANAV of the Trust or custody fees computed by reference to the value of gold held in the Trust), expenses and other liabilities of the Trust from the total value of the gold and all other assets of the Trust (other than any amounts
credited to the Trust’s reserve account, if established). The resulting figure is the ANAV of the Trust. The ANAV of the Trust is used to compute the fees of the Trustee, the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent.  
 To determine the Trust’s NAV, the Trustee subtracts from the ANAV of the Trust the amount of estimated accrued but unpaid fees computed by reference
to the value of the ANAV of the Trust and computed by reference to the value of the gold held in the Trust (i.e. the fees of the Trustee, the Sponsor, the Marketing Agent and the Custodian). The Trustee determines the NAV per Share by dividing the
NAV of the Trust by the number of Shares outstanding as of the close of trading on NYSE Arca.    Gold acquired, or disposed of, by the Trust is
recorded at average cost. The table below summarizes the impact of unrealized gains on the Trust’s gold holdings at September 30, 2014 and 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amount in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   


 
 
 
 
 
   Investment in gold – average cost 
    
 $ 
 30,728,152 
    
   
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 2,979,854 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment in gold – market value 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
   
 $ 
 38,792,631 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Critical Accounting Policy    Valuation of Gold    Gold is held by the Custodian on behalf of the Trust and is valued, for
financial statement purposes, at the lower of cost or market. The cost of gold is determined according to the average cost method and the market value is based on the London Fix used to determine the NAV of the Trust. Realized gains and losses on
sales of gold, or gold distributed for the redemption of Shares, are calculated on a trade date basis using average cost.    Review of
Financial Results       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Financial Highlights     
 (All amounts in the following table and the subsequent paragraphs, except 
 per share, are in 000’s of US$) 
    
 For the year ended Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 For the year ended Sept 30, 2013 
   
    
 For the year ended Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   Total gain (loss) on gold 
    
 $ 
 (96,630 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,735,252 
    
    
 $ 
 2,678,980 
    
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
    
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
    
 $ 
 2,407,207 
    
 
   Net cash flows from operating activities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Trust’s total gain (loss) on gold for the year ended September 30, 2014 of ($96,630) is made
up of a gain of $6,302 on the sale of gold to pay expenses, plus a gain of $374,322 on gold distributed for the redemption of Shares, minus an unrealized (loss) of ($477,254) on investment in gold.  
 The Trust’s total gain (loss) on gold for the year ended September 30, 2013 of $4,735,252 is made up of a gain of $52,407 on the sale of gold to
pay expenses plus a gain of $4,682,845 on gold distributed for the redemption of Shares.    The Trust’s total gain (loss) on gold for the
year ended September 30, 2012 of $2,678,980 is made up of a gain of $87,963 on the sale of gold to pay expenses plus a gain of $2,591,017 on gold distributed for the redemption of Shares.  
 Selected Supplemental Data      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts, except for per ounce and per share, are in 000’s ) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   Ounces of Gold: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Opening balance 
    
   
 29,244.4 
    
   
   
 42,803.6 
    
   
   
 39,928.9 
    
 
   Creations  (excluding gold receivable at September 30, 2014 – 0, September 30,
2013 – 0, and at September 30, 2012 – 0) 
    
   
 4,547.2 
    
   
   
 4,944.8 
    
   
   
 8,225.8 
    
 
   Redemptions  (excluding gold payable at September 30, 2014 – 115.3, September 30,
2013 – 115.9, and at September 30, 2012 – 339.3) 
    
   
 (8,819.3 
 )  
   
   
 (18,348.0 
 )  
   
   
 (5,187.1 
 )  
 
   Sales of gold 
    
   
 (105.1 
 )  
   
   
 (156.0 
 )  
   
   
 (164.0 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Closing balance 
    
   
 24,867.2 
    
   
   
 29,244.4 
    
   
   
 42,803.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gold price per ounce – London PM Fix 
    
 $ 
 1,216.50 
    
   
 $ 
 1,326.50 
    
   
 $ 
 1,776.00 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Market value of gold holdings 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
   
 $ 
 38,792,631 
    
   
 $ 
 76,019,208 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of Shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Opening balance 
    
   
 301,600 
    
   
   
 437,900 
    
   
   
 406,800 
    
 
   Creations 
    
   
 47,200 
    
   
   
 51,100 
    
   
   
 84,700 
    
 
   Redemptions 
    
   
 (91,500 
 )  
   
   
 (187,400 
 )  
   
   
 (53,600 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Closing balance 
    
   
 257,300 
    
   
   
 301,600 
    
   
   
 437,900 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Asset Value per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Creations 
    
 $ 
 124.85 
    
   
 $ 
 151.36 
    
   
 $ 
 164.77 
    
 
   Redemptions 
    
 $ 
 122.51 
    
   
 $ 
 142.44 
    
   
 $ 
 157.77 
    
 
   Shares at redemption value to investors at Year End 
    
 $ 
 30,096,869 
    
   
 $ 
 38,623,537 
    
   
 $ 
 75,389,813 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redemption Value per Redeemable Share at Year End 
    
 $ 
 116.97 
    
   
 $ 
 128.06 
    
   
 $ 
 172.16 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in Redemption Value over the Period 
    
   
 (22.1 
 )%  
   
   
 (48.8 
 )%  
   
   
 17.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   % Difference between Net Asset Value per share and market value of ounces represented by each share 
    
   
 (0.045 
 )%  
   
   
 (0.040 
 )%  
   
   
 (0.036 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Results of Operations    On November 12, 2004, the date of formation of the Trust, the Custodian received 30,000 ounces of gold on behalf of the Trust in exchange for 300,000 Shares (3 Baskets). Trading in the Shares in
the Trust commenced on November 18, 2004. In the year ended September 30, 2014 an additional 47,200,000 Shares, (472 Baskets), were created in exchange for 4,547,201 ounces of gold, and 91,500,000 Shares (915 Baskets) were redeemed in
exchange for 8,818,836 ounces of gold. For accounting purposes the Trust  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
reflects creations and the gold receivable with respect to such creations on the date of receipt of a notification of a creation, but does not issue Shares until the requisite amount of gold is
received. Upon a redemption, the Trust delivers gold upon receipt of Shares. All references in this discussion to gold receivable and gold payable relate to creations and redemptions that had not been completed. These creations and redemptions were
completed in the normal course of business, including the receipt and payment of the gold by the Custodian.    As at September 30, 2014, the
amount of gold owned by the Trust was 24,751,771 ounces, with a market value of $30,110,529,883 (cost — $30,587,784,162), net of gold payable of 115,387 ounces with a market value of $140,368,276, based on the London PM Fix on
September 30, 2014 (in accordance with the Trust Indenture).    As at September 30, 2014, the Custodian held 24,867,158 ounces of
gold in its vault 100% of which is allocated gold in the form of London Good Delivery gold bars including gold payable, with a market value of $30,250,898,159 (cost — $30,728,152,437). Subcustodians held nil ounces of gold in their
vaults on behalf of the Trust and 115,386.922 ounces of gold were payable by the Trust in connection with the creation and redemption of Baskets.    As at September 30, 2013, the amount of gold owned by the Trust was 29,128,497 ounces, with a market value of $38,638,951,541 (cost — $35,659,096,983) net of gold payable of 115,854
ounces with a market value of $153,680,251, based on the London PM Fix on September 30, 2013 (in accordance with the Trust Indenture).    As
at September 30, 2013, the Custodian held 29,244,351 ounces in its vault 100% of which is allocated gold in the form of London Good Delivery gold bars including gold payable, with a market value of $38,792,631,793
(cost — $35,812,777,235). Subcustodians held nil ounces of gold in their vaults on behalf of the Trust and 115,854 ounces of gold were payable by the Trust in connection with the creation and redemption of Baskets.  
 As at September 30, 2012, the amount of gold owned by the Trust was 42,464,312 ounces, with a market value of $75,416,617,519
(cost — $50,123,670,948), net of gold payable of 339,296 ounces with a market value of 602,590,539 based on the London PM Fix on September 30, 2012 (in accordance with the Trust Indenture).  
 As at September 30, 2012, the Custodian held 42,803,608 ounces in its vault 100% of which is allocated gold in the form of London Good Delivery gold
bars including gold payable, with a market value of $76,019,208,058 (cost — $50,726,261,488). Subcustodians held nil ounces of gold in their vaults on behalf of the Trust and 339,296 ounces of gold were payable by the Trust in
connection with the creation and redemption of Baskets.    As at August 28, 2014, Inspectorate International Limited concluded the annual full
count of the Trust’s gold bullion held by the Custodian. As at October 8, 2014, Inspectorate International Limited concluded reconciliation procedures from August 29, 2014 through September 30, 2014. The results can be found on
www.spdrgoldshares.com.    Cash Flow from Operations    The Trust had no net cash flow from operations in the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012. Cash received in respect of gold sold to pay expenses in the years ended September 30, 2014,
2013 and 2012 was the same as those expenses, resulting in a zero cash balance at September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012.    Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    The Trust is not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cash Resources and Liquidity    At September 30, 2014 and 2013 the Trust did not have any cash balances. When selling gold to pay expenses, the Trustee endeavors to sell the exact amount of gold needed to pay expenses in order to
minimize the Trust’s holdings of assets other than gold. As a consequence, we expect that the Trust will not record any cash flow from its operations and that its cash balance will be zero at the end of each reporting period.  
 Analysis of Movements in the Price Of Gold    As movements in the price of gold are expected to directly affect the price of the Trust’s Shares, investors should understand what the recent movements in the price of gold have been. Investors,
however, should also be aware that past movements in the gold price are not indicators of future movements. This section identifies recent movements in the gold price.    The following chart provides historical background on the price of gold. The chart illustrates movements in the price of gold in U.S. dollars per ounce over the period from October 1, 2009 to
September 30, 2014, and is based on the London PM Fix.    Daily gold price – October 1, 2009 to September 30, 2014
       


 
    During the year between October 1, 2013 and September 30, 2014, the gold price based on the London PM Fix
traded between $1,385.00 per ounce (March 14, 2014) and $1,195.25 (December 20, 2013), and the average was $1,284.06.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The average, high, low and end-of-period gold prices for the three years ended September 30, 2014, 2013
and 2012, and for the period from the Date of Inception through September 30, 2014, based on the London PM Fix, were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
   Average 
   
   
   High 
   
    
   Date 
   
    
   Low 
   
    
   Date 
   
    
   End of 
 period 
   
    
   Last   business   day (1) 
   


 
   Three months to December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 1,684.93 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 1,795.00 
    
    
   
 Nov 08, 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 1,531.00 
    
    
   
 Dec 29, 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 1,574.50 
    
    
   
 Dec 30, 2011 
 (2)   
 
   Three months to March 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 1,690.57 
    
   
 $ 
 1,781.00 
    
    
   
 Feb 28, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,598.00 
    
    
   
 Jan 03, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,662.50 
    
    
   
 Mar 30, 2012 
    
 
   Three months to June 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 1,609.49 
    
   
 $ 
 1,677.50 
    
    
   
 Apr 02, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,540.00 
    
    
   
 May 30, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,598.50 
    
    
   
 Jun 29, 2012 
    
 
   Three months to September 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 1,652.00 
    
   
 $ 
 1,784.50 
    
    
   
 Sep 21, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,556.25 
    
    
   
 Jul 12, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,776.00 
    
    
   
 Sep 28, 2012 
    
 
   Three months to December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 1,719.96 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 1,791.75 
    
    
   
 Oct 04, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,650.50 
    
    
   
 Dec 20, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,664.00 
    
    
   
 Dec 31, 2012 
 (2)   
 
   Three months to March 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,631.77 
    
   
 $ 
 1,693.75 
    
    
   
 Jan 02, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,574.00 
    
    
   
 Mar 06, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,598.25 
    
    
   
 Mar 28, 2013 
    
 
   Three months to June 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,414.80 
    
   
 $ 
 1,583.50 
    
    
   
 Apr 02, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,192.00 
    
    
   
 Jun 28, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,192.00 
    
    
   
 Jun 28, 2013 
    
 
   Three months to September 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,326.28 
    
   
 $ 
 1,419.50 
    
    
   
 Aug 28, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,212.75 
    
    
   
 Jul 05, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,326.50 
    
    
   
 Sep 30, 2013 
    
 
   Three months to December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,273.75 
    
   
 $ 
 1,361.00 
    
    
   
 Oct 28, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,195.25 
    
    
   
 Dec 20, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,201.50 
    
    
   
 Dec 31, 2013 
 (2)   
 
   Three months to March 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,293.06 
    
   
 $ 
 1,385.00 
    
    
   
 Mar 14, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,221.00 
    
    
   
 Jan 08, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,291.75 
    
    
   
 Mar 31, 2014 
    
 
   Three months to June 30, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,288.44 
    
   
 $ 
 1,325.75 
    
    
   
 Apr 14, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,242.75 
    
    
   
 Jun 03, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,315.00 
    
    
   
 Jun 30, 2014 
    
 
   Three months to September 30, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,281.21 
    
   
 $ 
 1,340.25 
    
    
   
 Jul 10, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,213.50 
    
    
   
 Sep 22, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,216.50 
    
    
   
 Sep 30, 2014 
    
 
   Twelve months ended September 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 1,659.94 
    
   
 $ 
 1,795.00 
    
    
   
 Nov 08, 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 1,531.00 
    
    
   
 Dec 29, 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 1,776.00 
    
    
   
 Sep 28, 2012 
    
 
   Twelve months ended September 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,522.43 
    
   
 $ 
 1,791.75 
    
    
   
 Oct 04, 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 1,192.00 
    
    
   
 Jun 28, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,326.50 
    
    
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
    
 
   Twelve months ended September 30, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,284.06 
    
   
 $ 
 1,385.00 
    
    
   
 Mar 14, 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,195.25 
    
    
   
 Dec 20, 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 1,216.50 
    
    
   
 Sep 30, 2014 
    
 
   November 12, 2004 (the inception of the Trust) to
September 30, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,061.17 
    
   
 $ 
 1,895.00 
    
    
   
 Sep 05, 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 411.10 
    
    
   
 Feb 08, 2005 
    
    
 $ 
 1,216.50 
    
    
   
 Sep 30, 2014 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The end of period gold price is the London PM Fix on the last business day of the period. This is in accordance with the Trust Indenture and the basis used for
calculating the Net Asset Value of the Trust.      
 
 
 (2) 
 There was no London PM Fix on December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013. The London AM Fix on such business days was $1,574.50, $1,664.00 and $1,201.50, respectively. The
Net Asset Value of the Trust on December 31, 2011 and 2012 and December 30, 2013 was calculated using the London AM Fix, in accordance with the Trust Indenture.  
   
 
 
 (3) 
 There was no London PM Fix for December 23rd and 30th for the period ended 2011, as well as for both December 24th and December 31st for the periods
ended 2012 and 2013. For comparative purposes, the average was calculated using the London AM Fix on such business days. Accordingly, the Net Asset Value of the Trust for December 23rd and 30th for the period ended 2011, as well as
December 24th and December 31st for the periods ended 2012 and 2013 was calculated using the London AM Fix.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk      The Trust Indenture does not authorize the Trustee to borrow for payment of the Trust’s
ordinary expenses. The Trust does not engage in transactions in foreign currencies which could expose the Trust or holders of Shares to any foreign currency related market risk. The Trust does not invest in any derivative financial instruments or
long-term debt instruments.    Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
     Quarterly Information  
 Fiscal Period Ended September 30, 2014      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts, except for per share, are in 000’s) 
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
   
 Year Ended Sep-30, 2014 
   
 
    
 Dec-31, 2013 
   
   
 Mar-31, 2014 
   
   
 Jun-30, 2014 
   
   
 Sep-30, 2014 
   
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of gold to pay expenses 
    
 $ 
 37,989 
    
   
 $ 
 30,862 
    
   
 $ 
 32,991 
    
   
 $ 
 33,667 
    
   
 $ 
 135,509 
    
 
   Cost of gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 (36,789 
 )  
   
   
 (28,838 
 )  
   
   
 (31,419 
 )  
   
   
 (32,161 
 )  
   
   
 (129,207 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain on gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 1,200 
    
   
   
 2,024 
    
   
   
 1,572 
    
   
   
 1,506 
    
   
   
 6,302 
    
 
   Gain on gold distributed for the redemption of shares 
    
   
 135,907 
    
   
   
 90,573 
    
   
   
 98,995 
    
   
   
 48,847 
    
   
   
 374,322 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 (603,341 
 )  
   
   
 603,341 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 (477,254 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total gain (loss) on gold 
    
   
 (466,234 
 )  
   
   
 695,938 
    
   
   
 100,567 
    
   
   
 (426,901 
 )  
   
   
 (96,630 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EXPENSES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Custody fees 
    
   
 5,980 
    
   
   
 5,575 
    
   
   
 5,558 
    
   
   
 5,611 
    
   
   
 22,724 
    
 
   Trustee fees 
    
   
 504 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 504 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Sponsor fees 
    
   
 13,245 
    
   
   
 12,316 
    
   
   
 12,230 
    
   
   
 12,367 
    
   
   
 50,158 
    
 
   Marketing agent fees 
    
   
 13,245 
    
   
   
 12,316 
    
   
   
 12,230 
    
   
   
 12,367 
    
   
   
 50,158 
    
 
   Other expenses 
    
   
 2,346 
    
   
   
 2,142 
    
   
   
 2,097 
    
   
   
 2,131 
    
   
   
 8,716 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 35,320 
    
   
   
 32,842 
    
   
   
 32,614 
    
   
   
 32,980 
    
   
   
 133,756 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
    
 $ 
 (501,554 
 )  
   
 $ 
 663,096 
    
   
 $ 
 67,953 
    
   
 $ 
 (459,881 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net gain (loss) per share 
    
 $ 
 (1.76 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2.48 
    
   
 $ 
 0.26 
    
   
 $ 
 (1.73 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.85 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
    
   
 285,051 
    
   
   
 267,259 
    
   
   
 263,349 
    
   
   
 265,182 
    
   
   
 270,245 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fiscal Period Ended September 30, 2013  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (Amounts in 000’s of US$ except for share and   per share data) 
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
   
 Year 
Ended Sep-30, 2013 
   
 
    
 Dec-31, 2012 
   
   
 Mar-31, 2013 
   
   
 Jun-30, 2013 
   
   
 Sep-30, 2013 
   
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of gold to pay expenses 
    
 $ 
 72,917 
    
   
 $ 
 68,293 
    
   
 $ 
 57,281 
    
   
 $ 
 42,633 
    
   
 $ 
 241,124 
    
 
   Cost of gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 (50,126 
 )  
   
   
 (51,442 
 )  
   
   
 (47,545 
 )  
   
   
 (39,604 
 )  
   
   
 (188,717 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain on gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 22,791 
    
   
   
 16,851 
    
   
   
 9,736 
    
   
   
 3,029 
    
   
   
 52,407 
    
 
   Gain on gold distributed for the redemption of shares 
    
   
 590,485 
    
   
   
 1,996,071 
    
   
   
 1,837,987 
    
   
   
 258,302 
    
   
   
 4,682,845 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (840,230 
 )  
   
   
 840,230 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total gain on gold 
    
   
 613,276 
    
   
   
 2,012,922 
    
   
   
 1,007,493 
    
   
   
 1,101,561 
    
   
   
 4,735,252 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EXPENSES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Custody fees 
    
   
 12,142 
    
   
   
 10,950 
    
   
   
 8,072 
    
   
   
 6,674 
    
   
   
 37,838 
    
 
   Trustee fees 
    
   
 504 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 504 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Sponsor fees 
    
   
 28,006 
    
   
   
 25,088 
    
   
   
 18,158 
    
   
   
 14,900 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
 
   Marketing agent fees 
    
   
 28,006 
    
   
   
 25,088 
    
   
   
 18,158 
    
   
   
 14,900 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
 
   Other expenses 
    
   
 6,023 
    
   
   
 5,282 
    
   
   
 3,533 
    
   
   
 2,755 
    
   
   
 17,593 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 74,681 
    
   
   
 66,901 
    
   
   
 48,420 
    
   
   
 39,733 
    
   
   
 229,735 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain from operations 
    
 $ 
 538,595 
    
   
 $ 
 1,946,021 
    
   
 $ 
 959,073 
    
   
 $ 
 1,061,828 
    
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net gain per share 
    
 $ 
 1.21 
    
   
 $ 
 4.54 
    
   
 $ 
 2.72 
    
   
 $ 
 3.46 
    
   
 $ 
 11.75 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
    
   
 445,261 
    
   
   
 429,089 
    
   
   
 352,742 
    
   
   
 307,234 
    
   
   
 383,416 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 for a list of the financial statements being filed therein.  
 Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
     There have been no changes in accountants and no disagreements with accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices
or financial statement disclosures during the year ended September 30, 2014.  
 Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures    
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    The Trust maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor, and to the audit committee of the Board of
Directors of the Sponsor, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure    Under the supervision and with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor, the Sponsor conducted an evaluation of the Trusts disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor concluded that, as of September 30, 2014, the Trust’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  There was no change in the Trust’s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the
Trust’s most recently completed fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, these internal controls.    Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    The Sponsor’s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Trust’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Trust’s assets,
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Trust’s receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Trust’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become ineffective because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.    The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor assessed the effectiveness of the Trust’s internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2014. In making this assessment, they used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(1992). Their assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on their assessment and
those criteria, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor concluded that the Trust maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2014.  
 KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited and reported on the financial statements as of and for the year ended
September 30, 2014 included in this Form 10-K, as stated in their report which is included herein, issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
2014.    November 25, 2014  
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    To the Sponsor, Trustee and the Unitholders of the    SPDR ®  Gold Trust  
 New York, New York    We have
audited SPDR ®  Gold Trust’s (the “Trust”) internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The management of the Trust’s
Sponsor is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our opinion, the Trust maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.    We also have
audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the statements of financial condition of the Trust as of September 30, 2014 and September 30, 2013, and the related statements of
operations, changes in shareholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2014, and our report dated November 25, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements.    /s/ KPMG LLP    New
York, New York    November 25, 2014    Item 9B.     Other Information    
 Not applicable.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III  
 Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    
 The Trust does not have any directors, officers or employees. The following persons, in their respective capacities as directors or executive officers of
the Sponsor, perform certain functions with respect to the Trust that, if the Trust had directors or executive officers, would typically be performed by them.    William Rhind is the Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor. John Adrian Pound is the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Sponsor. The Sponsor is managed in accordance with Delaware Law by a
Board of Directors composed of William J. Shea, Aram Shishmanian, Rocco Maggiotto and Neal Wolkoff.    William Rhind , age 35, is the Chief
Executive Officer of the Sponsor. Mr. Rhind was appointed to that position on September 8, 2014, effective on the same date. Mr. Rhind has served as Managing Director, Institutional Investment of the World Gold Council, the ultimate
parent of the Sponsor, since October 2013. He was previously employed by ETF Securities, an independent exchange-traded product provider, from March 2007 until September 2013. During his tenure at ETF Securities, he had a number of leadership
roles, including as a Managing Director and as a member of the executive committee. Prior to that, Mr. Rhind was a Principal for the iShares unit of Barclays Global Investors. He began his career as an Investment Banking Analyst at Nomura
International in London. He is a graduate of the University of Bath in England with a Bachelor of Arts degree.    John Adrian Pound , age
45, is the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Sponsor. Mr. Pound was appointed to that position in March 2014. He joined the Sponsor in October 2013 as Chief Operating Officer, a role he still retains. Prior to joining the Sponsor,
Mr. Pound worked for Deutsche Bank for 18 years, from May 1995 to June 2013, in roles of increasing responsibility. Mr. Pound holds a Bachelor of Social Science in Banking & Finance from Birmingham University and is a U.K.
qualified Chartered Accountant.    William J. Shea , age 66, has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Sponsor and a member
of the Board’s Audit Committee since both were established in January 2013. He has also been a member of the Board’s Compensation Committee since it was established in May 2014. He has more than 35 years of experience in the financial
services industry and in business restructurings. He was elected to the Board of Directors of Caliber ID, Inc. in 2001 and was appointed Executive Chairman in December 2010. Prior to his appointment to the Board of Caliber ID, he served as Chairman
of Royal & Sun Alliance (RSA), USA from January 2005 to December 2006, and oversaw its divestiture from RSA, a large public insurance company headquartered in the United Kingdom. From 2001 to 2004, he was Chief Executive Officer of Conseco,
Inc., a publicly held diversified insurance and financial services firm that he guided through the federal bankruptcy and restructuring process. From January 1997 to February 2001, he oversaw the turnaround of Centennial Technologies, Inc., a high
technology manufacturing company in the flash memory business. Mr. Shea served as Vice Chairman of BankBoston Corporation from January 1993 to August 1998. He was the Vice Chairman and a Senior Partner of Coopers & Lybrand (now
PriceWaterhouseCoopers), an international public accounting firm, for whom he worked from June 1974 to December 1992. Mr. Shea sits on the boards of AIG SunAmerica, a mutual funds company, Boston Private Financial Holdings, a public bank
holding company, and is Chairman of the Board of Demoulas Supermarkets, Inc., a privately held retail grocery store chain in New England. He was a board member of Boston Private Financial Holdings, a public bank holding company, and its related bank
from June 2004 to May 2014. Mr. Shea has served on the boards of the Boston Children’s Hospital, Northeastern University, NASDAQ OMXBX, and the Boston Stock Exchange. Mr. Shea holds both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts in
Economics.    Aram Shishmanian , age 63, has served as a Director on the Board of Directors of the Sponsor since it was established in
January 2013. He has served as Chief Executive Officer of the World Gold Council, the ultimate parent of the Sponsor, since January 2009. Mr. Shishmanian was previously employed by Accenture plc, a multinational management consulting,
technology services and outsourcing company. During his 27 years at Accenture and its predecessor companies from 1975 to 2003, Mr. Shishmanian  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
held a number of leadership roles, including Global Managing Partner of the financial markets industry practice, before becoming a senior partner. He previously served as a Non-Executive Director
of Resolution plc, the Senior Non-Executive Director of Victoria plc, a Non-Executive Director of a Swiss based asset-management company and several other companies. Prior to joining the World Gold Council, from 2005 to 2010, he was an independent
member of the International Executive of Hogan Lovells LLP, one of the leading global law firms. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and a Master of Business Administration.    Rocco Maggiotto , age 63, has served as a Director on the Board of Directors of the Sponsor and Chairman of the Board’s Audit Committee since both were established in January 2013. He has also
been a member of the Board’s Compensation Committee since it was established in May 2014. Mr. Maggiotto is the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of PWRCierge, LLC, an independent power company providing Cogeneration solutions and
other energy management solutions for Continuing Care Retirement Communities and other non-profit institutions. From June 2006 to 2011, Mr. Maggiotto was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Customer and Distribution Management for
Zurich Financial Services’ $35 billion General Insurance Business. He was responsible for the development and implementation of Zurich’s customer and distribution management strategies, their global industry practices, their relationships
with the global broker organizations and served as Chairman of General Insurance’s Growth Agenda. Prior to joining Zurich, from 2005 to 2006, he was a Senior Executive Advisor in Booz Allen Hamilton’s Management Consulting practice, and
continues to consult with financial institutions through the Manchester Consulting Group which he founded in 2012. Mr. Maggiotto’ s previous career has included roles as Chairman of Client Development for the Parent Company of
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. from 2002 to 2005, as well as a Senior Partner for PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he was a member of their Global Leadership Team and was Global Markets Leader upon retiring in 2002. Mr. Maggiotto was
also a Vice Chairman for the former Coopers & Lybrand, Managing Partner of their New York region and Chairman of its financial services industry practice worldwide. He also developed and managed their US Financial Services Industry
Management Consulting business. Before that, he was a Partner with KPMG Management Consulting Practice in New York. Prior to joining KPMG, for sixteen years, Mr. Maggiotto held management positions with Marine Midland Bank and with HSBC
covering finance, operations, management information systems and corporate services. Mr. Maggiotto serves on the boards of the Ronald McDonald House of New York, The Weston Playhouse Theatre Company, Canisius College, Canisius High School, the
Council of Governing Bodies of New York State’s private colleges and universities, and is President of the Board of The Green Mountain Academy for Life Long Learning Manchester, VT. He is also a member of the Board of Directors for Lucid Inc.,
a publicly traded medical device company which does business as Caliber I. D. providing medical equipment supporting imaging and diagnosis at the cellular level in the treatment of skin cancer and other diseases. Mr. Maggiotto holds a Batchelor
of Arts in Political Science and an a Master of Business Administration in Finance.    Neal Wolkoff , age 59, has served as a Director on
the Board of Directors of the Sponsor and a member of the Board’s Audit Committee since both were established in January 2013. He has been the Chair of the Board’s Compensation Committee since it was established in May 2014.
Mr. Wolkoff is the founder and CEO of Wolkoff Consulting Services, LLC. Previously, from October 2008 to February 2012 he served as the Chief Executive Officer of ELX Futures, L.P., founded by major dealer banks and trading firms to compete in
the area of interest rate futures. From April 2005 to October 2008 Mr. Wolkoff served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the American Stock Exchange (AMEX). Prior to the AMEX, for over 20 years, Mr. Wolkoff held several senior
level officer positions at the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) including Acting President, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Senior Vice President for Regulation and Clearing, in which position Mr. Wolkoff was the
exchange’s chief regulatory officer. Mr. Wolkoff started his career as an Honors Program Trial Attorney in the Division of Enforcement of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Mr. Wolkoff is a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of
Chicago Working Group on Financial Markets. He was appointed to the Board of OTC Markets Group in September 2012 and in November 2013 became the non-executive Chairman of that board. Mr. Wolkoff has also served on the Board of
 
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Directors and Executive Committee of the National Futures Association. Mr. Wolkoff was Vice Chairman of the Board and a member of the Executive Committee of the Golda Och Academy (a Solomon
Schechter School) in West Orange, NJ. He received a Bachelor of Arts and a Juris Doctor and is a member of the Bar of the State of New York.  
 Item 11.     Executive Compensation    
 Not applicable.      
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans and Related Stockholder Matters  
 Not applicable.    Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management    Not applicable.    Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence    
 Not applicable.  
 Item 14.     Principal Accounting Fees and Services    
 Fees for services performed by KPMG LLP for the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 were:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Years Ended September 30  
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Audit fees 
    
 $ 
 259,000 
    
    
 $ 
 259,000 
    
 
   Audit-related fees 
    
   
 175,000 
    
    
   
 239,861 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 434,000 
    
    
 $ 
 498,861 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In the table above, in accordance with the SEC’s definitions and rules, Audit Fees are fees paid to KPMG LLP for
professional services for the audit of the Trust’s consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K and review of financial statements included in the Form 10-Qs, and for services that are normally provided by the accountants in
connection with regulatory filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees are fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Trust’s financial statements.  
 Pre-Approved Policies and Procedures  
 The Trust has no board of directors, and as a result, has no audit committee or pre-approval policy with respect to fees paid to its principal accounting
firm. Such determinations, including for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, are made by the Sponsor’s Board of Directors and Audit Committee.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
 Item 15.     Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules    
  1.    Financial Statements  
  See Index to Financial Statements on Page F-1 for a list of the financial statements being filed herein.  
  2.    Financial Statement Schedules  
  Schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information has otherwise been included.
 
  3.    Exhibits  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
    
   Description 


 
 4.1 
    
 Trust Indenture dated November 12, 2004, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007. 
 
 4.1.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Trust Indenture dated November 26, 2007, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2007. 
 
 4.1.2 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to Trust Indenture dated May 20, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.2 filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008. 
 
 4.1.3 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to Trust Indenture dated June 1, 2011, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2011. 
 
 4.1.4 
    
 Amendment No. 4 to Trust Indenture dated June 18,2014, in incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
19,2014. 
 
 4.2 
    
 Form of Participant Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-105202
filed on November 8, 2004. 
 
 4.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Participant Agreements, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
December 13, 2007. 
 
 4.2.2 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to Participant Agreements dated May 20, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.2 filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008. 
 
 4.2.3 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to Participant Agreements dated July 18,2014, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.3 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July
22, 2014. 
 
 4.3 
    
 Sponsor Payment and Reimbursement Agreement dated November 12, 2004, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007. 
 
 10.1 
    
 First Amended and Restated Allocated Bullion Account Agreement dated June 1, 2011, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant’s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2011. 
 
 10.2 
    
 First Amended and Restated Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement dated June 1, 2011, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant’s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2011. 
 
 10.3 
    
 Form of Participant Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement (included as Attachment B to the Form of Participant Agreement filed as Exhibit 4.2) is incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-105202 filed on November 8, 2004. 
 
 10.3.1 
    
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Participant Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement dated November 26, 2007, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 filed with the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008. 
 
 10.3.2 
    
 Form of Amendment No. 2 to Participant Unallocated Bullion Account Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 filed with the Registrant’s Registration
Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-151056, filed on May 20, 2008. 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
    
   Description 


 
 10.4 
    
 Depository Agreement dated November 11, 2004, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 filed on October 10, 2008. 
 
 10.5 
    
 License Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-105202 filed on
September 26, 2003. 
 
 10.6 
    
 Marketing Agent Agreement dated November 16, 2004, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 filed on October 10, 2008. 
 
 10.6.1 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to Marketing Agent Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
December 13, 2007. 
 
 10.6.2 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to Marketing Agent Agreement dated May 20, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6.2 filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008. 
 
 10.6.3 
    
 Amendment No. 4 to Marketing Agent Agreement dated November 9, 2011, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2011. 
 
 10.8 
    
 WGC/WGTS License Agreement dated November 16, 2004, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 filed on October 10, 2008. 
 
 10.8.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to WGC/WGTS License Agreement dated May 20, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.1 filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008. 
 
 10.10 
    
 Marketing Agent Reimbursement Agreement dated November 16, 2004, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 filed on October 10, 2008. 
 
 10.11 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated December 5, 2005 to the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with Amendment No. 1 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 filed on October 10, 2008. 
 
 10.12 
    
 SPDR Sublicense Agreement dated May 20, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2008. 
 
 10.13 
    
 Novation Agreement dated June 4, 2014, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21,
2014. 
 
 23.1 
    
 Consent of KPMG LLP 
 
 23.2 
    
 Consent of Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP 
 
 31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS* 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
         
 
 
 * 
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11
or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.
 
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SPDR ®  GOLD TRUST  
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2014  
 INDEX  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 F-2 
    
 
 
 
 
   Statements of Financial Condition at September 30, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 F-3 
    
 
 
 
 
   Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 F-4 
    
 
 
 
 
   Statements of Cash Flow for the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 F-5 
    
 
 
 
 
   Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit for the years ended September 
30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 F-6 
    
 
 
 
 
   Notes to the Financial Statements 
    
   
 F-7 
    
 
      F-1
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
   To the Sponsor, Trustee and the Unitholders of the    SPDR®  Gold Trust    New York, New York  
 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of the SPDR ®  Gold Trust (the “Trust”) as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the management of the Trust’s Sponsor. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our
opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trust as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended September 30, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Trust’s
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2014, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated November 25, 2014, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Trust’s internal control over financial reporting.    /s/ KPMG LLP    New York, New York    November 25, 2014  
      F-2
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Statements of Financial Condition  
  at September 30, 2014 and 2013      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$ except for share data) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
    
 Sept 30, 2013 
   


 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment in Gold, at lower of average cost or market value (1) 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gold payable 
    
 $ 
 140,368 
    
    
 $ 
 153,680 
    
 
   Accounts payable to related parties 
    
   
 9,588 
    
    
   
 12,133 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 315 
    
    
   
 2,136 
    
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
   
 3,758 
    
    
   
 1,145 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 154,029 
    
    
   
 169,094 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Redeemable Shares: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Shares at redemption value to investors (2) 
    
   
 30,096,869 
    
    
   
 38,623,537 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ Deficit 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (2,979,854 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Total Liabilities, Redeemable Shares & Shareholders’ Deficit 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Investment in Gold is held at the lower of average cost or market value. The average cost of Investment in Gold at September 30, 2014 is $30,728,152. The market
value of Investment in Gold at September 30, 2013 is $38,792,631.      
 
 
 (2) 
 Authorized share capital is unlimited and the par value of the Shares is $0.00. Shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2014 was 257,300,000 and at
September 30, 2013 is 301,600,000.    See notes to the financial statements.  

      F-3
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Statements of Operations  
  For the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$ except for share and per share data) 
    
 Year ended Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of gold to pay expenses 
    
 $ 
 135,509 
    
   
 $ 
 241,124 
    
   
 $ 
 271,687 
    
 
   Cost of gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 (129,207 
 )  
   
   
 (188,717 
 )  
   
   
 (183,724 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain on gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 6,302 
    
   
   
 52,407 
    
   
   
 87,963 
    
 
   Gain on gold distributed for the redemption of shares 
    
   
 374,322 
    
   
   
 4,682,845 
    
   
   
 2,591,017 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total gain (loss) on gold 
    
   
 (96,630 
 )  
   
   
 4,735,252 
    
   
   
 2,678,980 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EXPENSES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Custody fees 
    
   
 22,724 
    
   
   
 37,838 
    
   
   
 44,468 
    
 
   Trustee fees 
    
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Sponsor fees 
    
   
 50,158 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
   
   
 101,916 
    
 
   Marketing agent fees 
    
   
 50,158 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
   
   
 101,916 
    
 
   Other expenses 
    
   
 8,716 
    
   
   
 17,593 
    
   
   
 21,473 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 133,756 
    
   
   
 229,735 
    
   
   
 271,773 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
    
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
   
 $ 
 2,407,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) per share 
    
 $ 
 (0.85 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11.75 
    
   
 $ 
 5.71 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
    
   
 270,245 
    
   
   
 383,416 
    
   
   
 421,629 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       See notes to the financial statements.
 

      F-4
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Statements of Cash Flows  
  For the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Year ended Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH FROM OPERATIONS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash proceeds received from sales of gold 
    
 $ 
 135,509 
    
   
 $ 
 241,124 
    
   
 $ 
 271,687 
    
 
   Cash expenses paid 
    
   
 (135,509 
 )  
   
   
 (241,124 
 )  
   
   
 (271,687 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase/(Decrease) in cash resulting from operations 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Value of gold received for creation of shares – net of gold receivable 
    
 $ 
 5,893,107 
    
   
 $ 
 7,734,465 
    
   
 $ 
 13,956,415 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Value of gold distributed for redemption of shares – net of gold payable 
    
 $ 
 10,834,448 
    
   
 $ 
 22,268,988 
    
   
 $ 
 5,807,247 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Year ended Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Year ended Sept 30, 2012 
   
 
   RECONCILIATION OF NET GAIN (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS TO NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
    
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
   
 $ 
 2,407,207 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net gain (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   (Increase)/Decrease in investment in gold 
    
   
 5,561,879 
    
   
   
 14,913,484 
    
   
   
 (7,989,565 
 )  
 
   (Increase)/Decrease in gold receivable 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Increase/(Decrease) in gold payable 
    
   
 (13,312 
 )  
   
   
 (448,911 
 )  
   
   
 82,294 
    
 
   Increase/(Decrease) in liabilities 
    
   
 (1,753 
 )  
   
   
 (11,390 
 )  
   
   
 86 
    
 
   Increase/(Decrease) in redeemable Shares 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Creations 
    
   
 5,893,107 
    
   
   
 7,734,465 
    
   
   
 13,956,415 
    
 
   Redemptions 
    
   
 (11,209,535 
 )  
   
   
 (26,693,165 
 )  
   
   
 (8,456,437 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to the financial statements.  
      F-5
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit  
  For the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   Shareholders’ Deficit – Opening Balance 
    
 $ 
 (2,979,854 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (25,292,947 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (21,948,152 
 )  
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations for the period 
    
   
 (230,386 
 )  
   
   
 4,505,517 
    
   
   
 2,407,207 
    
 
   Adjustment of redeemable shares to redemption value 
    
   
 3,210,240 
    
   
   
 17,807,576 
    
   
   
 (5,752,002 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Shareholders’ Deficit – Closing Balance 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 (2,979,854 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (25,292,947 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to the financial statements.  
      F-6
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SPDR ®  GOLD TRUST  
  Notes to the Financial Statements  
  1    Organization  
  The SPDR® Gold Trust (the “Trust”) is an investment trust formed on November 12, 2004 (“Date of
Inception”) under New York law pursuant to a trust indenture (the “Trust Indenture”). The fiscal year end for the Trust is September 30th. The Trust holds gold and is expected from time to time to issue shares
(“Shares”) (in minimum denominations of 100,000 Shares, also referred to as “Baskets”) in exchange for deposits of gold and to distribute gold in connection with redemption of Baskets. The investment objective of the Trust is for
the Shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold bullion, less the Trust’s expenses.  
  2    Significant accounting policies  
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires those responsible for preparing financial statements to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain amounts in 2013 and 2012 have been
reclassified to conform to current presentation. The following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the Trust.  
  2.1    Valuation of Gold  
  Gold is held by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. (the “Custodian”) on behalf of the Trust, and is valued, for financial statement
purposes, at the lower of cost or market. The cost of gold is determined according to the average cost method and the market value is based on the price of gold set by the London gold fix (“London Fix”) used to determine the Net Asset
Value (“NAV”) of the Trust. Realized gains and losses on sales of gold, or gold distributed for the redemption of shares, are calculated on a trade date basis using average cost.    The table below summarizes the impact of unrealized gains or losses on the Trust’s gold holdings as of September 30, 2014 and 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   


 
   Investment in gold – average cost 
    
 $ 
 30,728,152 
    
   
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 2,979,854 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment in gold – market value 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
   
 $ 
 38,792,631 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Trust recognizes the diminution in value of the investment in gold which arises from market declines on an interim
basis. Increases in the value of the investment in gold through market price recoveries in later interim periods of the same fiscal year are recognized in the later interim period. Increases in value recognized on an interim basis do not exceed the
previously recognized diminution in value.  
  2.2    Gold Receivable  
  Gold receivable represents the quantity of gold covered by contractually binding orders for the creation of Shares where the gold has
not yet been transferred to the Trust’s account. Generally, ownership of the gold is transferred within three business days of the trade date.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
    
 Sept 30, 2013 


 
   Gold receivable 
    
 $0 
    
 $0 
 
      F-7
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  2.3    Gold Payable  
  Gold payable represents the quantity of gold covered by contractually binding orders for the redemption of Shares where the gold has
not yet been transferred out of the Trust’s account. Generally, ownership of the gold is transferred within three business days of the trade date.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
    
 Sept 30, 2013 


 
   Gold payable 
    
 $140,368 
    
 $153,680 
 
  2.4    Creations and Redemptions of Shares  
  The Trust creates and redeems Shares from time to time, but only in one or more Baskets (a Basket equals a block of
100,000 Shares). The Trust issues Shares in Baskets to certain authorized participants (“Authorized Participants”) on an ongoing basis. The creation and redemption of Baskets is only made in exchange for the delivery to the Trust or
the distribution by the Trust of the amount of gold and any cash represented by the Baskets being created or redeemed, the amount of which will be based on the combined net asset value of the number of Shares included in the Baskets being created or
redeemed determined on the day the order to create or redeem Baskets is properly received.    As the Shares of the Trust are redeemable in
Baskets at the option of the Authorized Participants, the Trust has classified the Shares as Redeemable Shares on the Statements of Financial Condition. The Trust records the redemption value, which represents its maximum obligation, as Redeemable
Shares with the difference from cost as an offsetting amount to Shareholders’ Equity. Changes in the Shares for the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   Number of Redeemable Shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Opening balance 
    
   
 301,600 
    
   
   
 437,900 
    
   
   
 406,800 
    
 
   Creations 
    
   
 47,200 
    
   
   
 51,100 
    
   
   
 84,700 
    
 
   Redemptions 
    
   
 (91,500 
 )  
   
   
 (187,400 
 )  
   
   
 (53,600 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Closing balance 
    
   
 257,300 
    
   
   
 301,600 
    
   
   
 437,900 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$ except per Share) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2012 
   
 
   Redeemable Shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Opening balance 
    
 $ 
 38,623,537 
    
   
 $ 
 75,389,813 
    
   
 $ 
 64,137,833 
    
 
   Creations 
    
   
 5,893,107 
    
   
   
 7,734,465 
    
   
   
 13,956,415 
    
 
   Redemptions 
    
   
 (11,209,535 
 )  
   
   
 (26,693,165 
 )  
   
   
 (8,456,437 
 )  
 
   Adjustment to redemption value 
    
   
 (3,210,240 
 )  
   
   
 (17,807,576 
 )  
   
   
 5,752,002 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Closing balance 
    
   
 30,096,869 
    
   
 $ 
 38,623,537 
    
   
 $ 
 75,389,813 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redemption value per redeemable share at period end 
    
 $ 
 116.97 
    
   
 $ 
 128.06 
    
   
 $ 
 172.16 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Net gain (loss) per share represents basic net gain (loss) per share because there are no dilutive equity instruments
authorized or outstanding.  
      F-8
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  2.5    Revenue Recognition Policy  
  BNY Mellon Asset Servicing, a division of The Bank of New York Melon (the “Trustee”), will, at the direction of the Sponsor
or in its own discretion, sell the Trust’s gold as necessary to pay the Trust’s expenses. When selling gold to pay expenses, the Trustee will endeavor to sell the smallest amounts of gold needed to pay expenses in order to minimize the
Trust’s holdings of assets other than gold. Unless otherwise directed by the Sponsor, when selling gold, the Trustee will endeavor to sell at the price established by the London Fix at 3:00 PM London time (“London PM Fix”). The
Trustee will place orders with dealers (which may include the Custodian) through which the Trustee expects to receive the most favorable price and execution of orders. The Custodian may be the purchaser of such gold only if the sale transaction is
made at the next London gold price fix (either AM or PM) following the sale order. A gain or loss is recognized based on the difference between the selling price and the average cost of the gold sold.  
  2.6    Income Taxes  
  The Trust is classified as a “grantor trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, the Trust itself will not be
subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, the Trust’s income and expenses will “flow through” to the Shareholders, and the Trustee will report the Trust’s proceeds, income, deductions, gains, and losses to the Internal Revenue
Service on that basis. The Sponsor of the Trust has evaluated whether or not there are uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition and has determined that no reserves for uncertain tax positions are required as of
September 30, 2014 or 2013.  
  3    Investment in Gold  
  The following represents the changes in ounces of gold and the respective values for the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and
2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Ounces of gold are in 000’s and value of gold is in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2013 
   
   
 Sept 30, 2012 
   


 
   Ounces of Gold: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Opening balance 
    
   
 29,244.4 
    
   
   
 42,803.6 
    
   
   
 39,928.9 
    
 
   Creations  ( excluding gold receivable at September 30, 2014 – 0, at September 30, 2013 – 0 and at
September 30, 2012 – 0) 
    
   
 4,547.2 
    
   
   
 4,944.8 
    
   
   
 8,225.8 
    
 
   Redemptions  (excluding gold payable at September 30, 2014 – 115.3, at September 30, 2013 – 115.9 and at
September 30, 2012 – 339.3) 
    
   
 (8,819.3 
 )  
   
   
 (18,348.0 
 )  
   
   
 (5,187.1 
 )  
 
   Sales of gold 
    
   
 (105.1 
 )  
   
   
 (156.0 
 )  
   
   
 (164.0 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Closing balance 
    
   
 24,867.2 
    
   
   
 29,244.4 
    
   
   
 42,803.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Investment in Gold (lower of cost or market): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Opening balance 
    
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
   
 $ 
 50,726,261 
    
   
 $ 
 42,736,696 
    
 
   Creations  (excluding gold receivable at September 30, 2014 – $0, at September 30, 2013 – $0, and at
September 30, 2012 – $0) 
    
   
 5,893,107 
    
   
   
 7,734,465 
    
   
   
 13,956,415 
    
 
   Redemptions  (excluding gold payable at September 30, 2014 – $ 140,368, September 30, 2013 – $153,680, and
at September 30, 2012 – $602,591) 
    
   
 (10,848,525 
 )  
   
   
 (22,459,232 
 )  
   
   
 (5,783,126 
 )  
 
   Sales of gold 
    
   
 (129,207 
 )  
   
   
 (188,717 
 )  
   
   
 (183,724 
 )  
 
   Unrealized loss on investment in gold 
    
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Closing balance 
    
 $ 
 30,250,898 
    
   
 $ 
 35,812,777 
    
   
 $ 
 50,726,261 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-9
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  4    Quarterly Statements of Operations  
  Fiscal Period Ended September 30, 2014  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$ except for share and per share data) 
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
   
   Year to 
 Sep-30, 2014 
   
 
    
 Dec-31, 2013 
   
   
 Mar-31, 2014 
   
   
 Jun-30, 2014 
   
   
 Sep-30, 2014 
   
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of gold to pay expenses 
    
 $ 
 37,989 
    
   
 $ 
 30,862 
    
   
 $ 
 32,991 
    
   
 $ 
 33,667 
    
   
 $ 
 135,509 
    
 
   Cost of gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 (36,789 
 )  
   
   
 (28,838 
 )  
   
   
 (31,419 
 )  
   
   
 (32,161 
 )  
   
   
 (129,207 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain on gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 1,200 
    
   
   
 2,024 
    
   
   
 1,572 
    
   
   
 1,506 
    
   
   
 6,302 
    
 
   Gain on gold distributed for the redemption of shares 
    
   
 135,907 
    
   
   
 90,573 
    
   
   
 98,995 
    
   
   
 48,847 
    
   
   
 374,322 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 (603,341 
 )  
   
   
 603,341 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (477,254 
 )  
   
   
 (477,254 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total gain (loss)on gold 
    
   
 (466,234 
 )  
   
   
 695,938 
    
   
   
 100,567 
    
   
   
 (426,901 
 )  
   
   
 (96,630 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EXPENSES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Custody fees 
    
   
 5,980 
    
   
   
 5,575 
    
   
   
 5,558 
    
   
   
 5,611 
    
   
   
 22,724 
    
 
   Trustee fees 
    
   
 504 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 504 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Sponsor fees 
    
   
 13,245 
    
   
   
 12,316 
    
   
   
 12,230 
    
   
   
 12,367 
    
   
   
 50,158 
    
 
   Marketing agent fees 
    
   
 13,245 
    
   
   
 12,316 
    
   
   
 12,230 
    
   
   
 12,367 
    
   
   
 50,158 
    
 
   Other expenses 
    
   
 2,346 
    
   
   
 2,142 
    
   
   
 2,097 
    
   
   
 2,131 
    
   
   
 8,716 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 35,320 
    
   
   
 32,842 
    
   
   
 32,614 
    
   
   
 32,980 
    
   
   
 133,756 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) from operations 
    
 $ 
 (501,554 
 )  
   
 $ 
 663,096 
    
   
 $ 
 67,953 
    
   
 $ 
 (459,881 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (230,386 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net gain per (loss) share 
    
 $ 
 (1.76 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2.48 
    
   
 $ 
 0.26 
    
   
 $ 
 (1.73 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.85 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
    
   
 285,051 
    
   
   
 267,259 
    
   
   
 263,349 
    
   
   
 265,182 
    
   
   
 270,245 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-10
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  4    Quarterly Statements of Operations (continued)  
   
  Fiscal Period Ended September 30, 2013  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (Amounts in 000’s of US$ except for share and   per share data) 
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
   
 Year Ended Sep-30, 
2013 
   
 
    
 Dec-31, 2012 
   
   
 Mar-31,2013 
   
   
 Jun-30, 2013 
   
   
 Sep-30, 2013 
   
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of gold to pay expenses 
    
 $ 
 72,917 
    
   
 $ 
 68,293 
    
   
 $ 
 57,281 
    
   
 $ 
 42,633 
    
   
 $ 
 241,124 
    
 
   Cost of gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 (50,126 
 )  
   
   
 (51,442 
 )  
   
   
 (47,545 
 )  
   
   
 (39,604 
 )  
   
   
 (188,717 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain on gold sold to pay expenses 
    
   
 22,791 
    
   
   
 16,851 
    
   
   
 9,736 
    
   
   
 3,029 
    
   
   
 52,407 
    
 
   Gain on gold distributed for the redemption of shares 
    
   
 590,485 
    
   
   
 1,996,071 
    
   
   
 1,837,987 
    
   
   
 258,302 
    
   
   
 4,682,845 
    
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on investment in gold 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (840,230 
 )  
   
   
 840,230 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total gain on gold 
    
   
 613,276 
    
   
   
 2,012,922 
    
   
   
 1,007,493 
    
   
   
 1,101,561 
    
   
   
 4,735,252 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EXPENSES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Custody fees 
    
   
 12,142 
    
   
   
 10,950 
    
   
   
 8,072 
    
   
   
 6,674 
    
   
   
 37,838 
    
 
   Trustee fees 
    
   
 504 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 504 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Sponsor fees 
    
   
 28,006 
    
   
   
 25,088 
    
   
   
 18,158 
    
   
   
 14,900 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
 
   Marketing agent fees 
    
   
 28,006 
    
   
   
 25,088 
    
   
   
 18,158 
    
   
   
 14,900 
    
   
   
 86,152 
    
 
   Other expenses 
    
   
 6,023 
    
   
   
 5,282 
    
   
   
 3,533 
    
   
   
 2,755 
    
   
   
 17,593 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 74,681 
    
   
   
 66,901 
    
   
   
 48,420 
    
   
   
 39,733 
    
   
   
 229,735 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain from operations 
    
 $ 
 538,595 
    
   
 $ 
 1,946,021 
    
   
 $ 
 959,073 
    
   
 $ 
 1,061,828 
    
   
 $ 
 4,505,517 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain per share 
    
 $ 
 1.21 
    
   
 $ 
 4.54 
    
   
 $ 
 2.72 
    
   
 $ 
 3.46 
    
   
 $ 
 11.75 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
    
   
 445,261 
    
   
   
 429,089 
    
   
   
 352,742 
    
   
   
 307,234 
    
   
   
 383,416 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  5    Related Parties - Sponsor, Trustee, Custodian and Marketing Agent Fees  
  Fees are paid to the Sponsor as compensation for services performed under the Trust Indenture and for services performed in
connection with maintaining the Trust’s website and marketing the Shares. The Sponsor’s fee is payable monthly in arrears and is accrued daily at an annual rate equal to 0.15% of the adjusted net asset value (“ANAV”) of the
Trust, subject to reduction as described below. The Sponsor will receive reimbursement from the Trust for all of its disbursements and expenses incurred in connection with the Trust.    Fees are paid to the Trustee, as compensation for services performed under the Trust Indenture. The Trustee’s fee is payable monthly in arrears and is accrued daily at an annual rate equal to
0.02% of the ANAV of the Trust, subject to a minimum fee of $500,000 and a maximum fee of $2 million per year. The Trustee’s fee is subject to modification as determined by the Trustee and the Sponsor in good faith to account for
significant changes in the Trust’s administration or the Trustee’s duties. The Trustee will charge the Trust for its expenses and disbursements incurred in connection with the Trust (including the expenses of the Custodian paid by the
Trustee), exclusive of fees of agents for services to be performed by the Trustee, and for any extraordinary services performed by the Trustee for the Trust.  
      F-11
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  5    Related Parties - Sponsor, Trustee, Custodian and Marketing
Agent Fees (continued)      
  Affiliates of the Trustee may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell gold
or Shares for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.    Fees are paid
to the Custodian under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement (as amended, the “Allocated Bullion Account Agreement”) as compensation for its custody services. Under the Allocated Bullion Account Agreement, the Custodian’s fee is
computed at an annual rate equal to 0.10% of the average daily aggregate value of the first 4.5 million ounces of gold held in the Trust’s allocated gold account (“Trust Allocated Account”) and the Trust’s unallocated
gold account (“Trust Unallocated Account”) and 0.06% of the average daily aggregate value of all gold held in the Trust Allocated Account and the Trust Unallocated Account in excess of 4.5 million ounces.  
 The Custodian and its affiliates may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell gold or Shares for their own account, as agent
for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.    Fees are paid to the marketing agent for the Trust, State
Street Global Markets, LLC (the “Marketing Agent”), by the Trustee from the assets of the Trust as compensation for services performed pursuant to the agreement, as amended, between the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent (the “Marketing
Agent Agreement”). The Marketing Agent’s fee is payable monthly in arrears and is accrued daily at an annual rate equal to 0.15% of the ANAV of the Trust, subject to reduction as described below.  
 The Marketing Agent and its affiliates may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell gold or Shares for their own account, as
agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.    Under the Marketing Agent Agreement, as amended, if
at the end of any month, the estimated ordinary expenses of the Trust exceed an amount equal to 0.40% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust for such month, the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent will waive the amount of such excess from the fees
payable to them from the assets of the Trust for such month in equal shares up to the amount of their fees. Investors should be aware that if the gross value of the Trust assets is less than approximately $1.0 billion, the ordinary expenses of
the Trust (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee and the Custodian, printing and mailing costs, legal and audit fees, registration fees and listing fees) will accrue at a rate greater than 0.40% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust.
Additionally, if the Trust incurs unforeseen expenses that cause the total of such ordinary expenses of the Trust to exceed 0.70% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust those expenses will accrue at a rate greater than 0.40% per year of
the daily ANAV of the Trust, even after the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent have completely waived their combined fees of 0.30% per year of the daily ANAV of the Trust.    For the years ended September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 the fees payable to the Sponsor and the Marketing Agent from the assets of the Trust were not reduced.  
 Amounts Payable to Related Parties      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (Amounts in 000’s of US$) 
    
 Sept 30, 2014 
   
    
 Sept 30, 2013 
   


 
   Payable to Custodian 
    
 $ 
 1,748 
    
    
 $ 
 2,190 
    
 
   Payable to Trustee 
    
   
 164 
    
    
   
 165 
    
 
   Payable to Sponsor 
    
   
 3,838 
    
    
   
 4,889 
    
 
   Payable to Marketing Agent 
    
   
 3,838 
    
    
   
 4,889 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accounts payable to related parties 
    
 $ 
 9,588 
    
    
 $ 
 12,133 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-12
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  6    Concentration of Risk  
  The Trust’s sole business activity is the investment in gold. Several factors could affect the price of gold: (i) global gold
supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as forward selling by gold producers, purchases made by gold producers to unwind gold hedge positions, central bank purchases and sales, and production and cost levels in major gold-producing
countries such as China, Australia, South Africa and the United States; (ii) investors’ expectations with respect to the rate of inflation; (iii) currency exchange rates; (iv) interest rates; (v) investment and trading
activities of hedge funds and commodity funds; and (vi) global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations. In addition, there is no assurance that gold will maintain its long-term value in terms of purchasing power in
the future. In the event that the price of gold declines, the Sponsor expects the value of an investment in the Shares to decline proportionately. Each of these events could have a material effect on the Trust’s financial position and results
of operations.  
  7.    Indemnification  
  The Sponsor and its shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, affiliates and subsidiaries are indemnified from the Trust
and held harmless against certain losses, liabilities or expenses incurred in the performance of its duties under the Trust Indenture without gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct, willful malfeasance or reckless disregard of the
indemnified party’s obligations and duties under the Trust Indenture. Such indemnity includes payment from the Trust of the costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim or liability under the Trust Indenture. Under the
Trust Indenture, the Sponsor may be able to seek indemnification from the Trust for payments it makes in connection with the Sponsor’s activities under the Trust Indenture to the extent its conduct does not disqualify it from
receiving such indemnification under the terms of the Trust Indenture. The Sponsor will also be indemnified from the Trust and held harmless against any loss, liability or expense arising under the Marketing Agent Agreement or any agreement
entered into with an Authorized Participant which provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of gold and any cash required for creations and redemptions insofar as such loss, liability or expense arises
from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any written statement provided to the Sponsor by the Trustee. Any amounts payable to the Sponsor are secured by a lien on the Trust.  
 The Sponsor has agreed to indemnify certain parties against certain liabilities and to contribute to payments that such parties may be required to make in
respect of those liabilities. The Trustee has agreed to reimburse such parties, solely from and to the extent of the Trust’s assets, for indemnification and contribution amounts due from the Sponsor in respect of such liabilities to the extent
the Sponsor has not paid such amounts when due. The Sponsor has agreed that, to the extent the Trustee pays any amount in respect of the reimbursement obligations described in the preceding sentence, the Trustee, for the benefit of the Trust, will
be subrogated to and will succeed to the rights of the party so reimbursed against the Sponsor.  
  8.    Accounting Pronouncement  
  In June 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-08, Financial Services –
Investment Companies: Amendments to the Scope, Measurement, and Disclosure Requirements (ASU 2013-08). ASU 2013-08 which amends the current criteria for determining whether an entity qualifies as an investment company for accounting purposes,
modifies the measurement criteria for certain interests in other investment companies, and includes new disclosure requirements. ASU 2013-08 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods for fiscal years
 
      F-13
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  SPDR® GOLD TRUST      

  Notes to the Financial Statements      

  8.    Accounting Pronouncement (continued)  
   
  
beginning after December 15, 2013. Early application is prohibited. Assessment of the Trust’s status as an investment company under ASU 2013-08 determined that the Trust meets the
characteristics of an investment company for accounting purposes.    The Trust will adopt ASU 2013-08 for all prospective interim and annual
reporting periods beginning October 1, 2014. Upon adoption of ASU 2013-08, financial statements and disclosures for periods preceding October 1, 2014 will continue to be presented in their previously reported form, however certain captions will be
amended. Management of the Trust has determined that the primary changes to the Trust’s financial statements as a result of adopting ASU 2013-08 will include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The reporting of Investment in Gold at fair value on the Statement of Financial Condition, which was previously (and inclusive of these financial
statements) reported at the lower of cost or market value;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Recognition of the change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from Investment in Gold within the Statement of Operations, which was previously
(and inclusive of these financial statements) reported as Adjustment of redeemable shares to redemption value on the Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Shares of the Trust to be classified as Shareholders’ equity, representing the net asset value on the Statement of Financial Condition, which was
previously (and inclusive of these financial statements) classified as Redeemable Shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The addition of a Schedule of Investments as well as a Financial Highlights note to the financial statements.  
 Management of the Trust does not anticipate there to be a cumulative effect adjustment to the net asset value of the Trust as a result of adopting ASU
2013-08, as the fair value of the Trust’s Investment in Gold equated to the carrying value of Investment in Gold as of September 30, 2014, therefore resulting in no accumulated shareholders’ deficit.  
  9.    Subsequent Events  
  The Sponsor filed a Definitive Consent Solicitation Statement (the “Consent Solicitation”) with the SEC on June 19, 2014
with respect to a proposal to amend and restate the Trust Indenture of the Trust to (i) implement a unitary fee structure and cap investor ordinary fees at 0.40% of the NAV each year and (ii) permit the Sponsor to compensate its affiliates
for providing marketing and other services to the Trust without any additional cost to the Trust. The voting period for the Consent Solicitation has been extended to December 17, 2014.  

      F-14
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned in the capacities* indicated thereunto duly
authorized.      
 


 
 


 
   WORLD GOLD TRUST SERVICES, LLC   Sponsor of the SPDR ®  Gold Trust 
 (Registrant) 
 
 
 
   /s/ William Rhind 
 
   William Rhind   Chief Executive
Officer 
 
 
 
   /s/ John Adrian Pound 
 
   John Adrian Pound   Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 
 
   /s/ William J. Shea 
 
   William J. Shea 
 Director 
 
 
 
   /s/ Aram Shishmanian 
 
   Aram Shishmanian 
 Director 
 
 
 
   /s/ Rocco Maggiotto 
 
   Rocco Maggiotto 
 Director 
 
 
 
   /s/ Neal Wolkoff 
 
   Neal Wolkolff 
 Director 
   Date: November 25, 2014      
 
 
 * 
 The Registrant is a trust and the persons are signing in their capacities as officers or directors of World Gold Trust Services, LLC, the Sponsor of the
Registrant.  
 
 
 
