
 
 
 
 
        

 
 
 

 

   

   

 UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

   

 FORM
 10-K 

   

 (Mark
One) 

 ☒ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

   

 For
the fiscal year ended  December 31 ,  2023 

   

 or 

   

 ☐ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

   

 For
the transition period from __________________ to __________________ 

   

 Commission
File Number  001-40615 

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

   

     Delaware       82-4533053     (State or other jurisdiction of  incorporation or organization)       (I.R.S Employer  Identification No.)                   5 Marine View Plaza ,  Suite 214 ,  Hoboken ,  NJ       07030     (Address of principal executive offices)       (Zip Code)   

   

 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code  (703)   436-2121 

   

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

   

     Title of each class       Trading Symbol(s)       Name of each exchange on which registered     Common Stock, par value $.0001       QUBT       The  Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC   
   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐   No  ☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐   No  ☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was
required to submit and post such files).  Yes  ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

   

     Large accelerated filer   ☐   Accelerated filer   ☐     Non-accelerated filer   ☐   Smaller reporting company   ☒         Emerging growth company   ☐   
   

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ☐ 

   

 If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐  No  ☒ . 

   

 The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2023 was $ 46,073,808 
based on the closing price of $1.18 per share of Quantum Computing, Inc. common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on that date. 

   



 As of March 28, 2024, there were  91,357,640  shares of the registrant’s common stock issued and outstanding. 

   

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

   

 

   

   



 
       
       
     

   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 
   
       
     PART I 
     1 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1. 
     BUSINESS. 
     1 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS. 
     10 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1B. 
     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
     27 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 1C. 
     CYBERSECURITY. 
     27 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 2. 
     PROPERTIES. 
     28 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 3. 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
     28 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 4. 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 
     29 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     PART II 
     30 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 5. 
     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
     30 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 6. 
     [RESERVED] 
     30 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 7. 
     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
     30 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 7A. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
     35 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 8. 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
     35 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9. 
     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
     35 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9A. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
     35 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9B. 
     OTHER INFORMATION. 
     37 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 9C 
     DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
     37 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     PART III 
     38 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 10. 
     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
     38 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 11. 
     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
     42 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 12. 
     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
     45 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 13. 
     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
     46 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 14. 
     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
     47 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     PART IV 
     48 
   
       
       
       
   
     ITEM 15. 
     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
     48 
   

   

 Introductory
Comments 

   

 Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company,” “our
Company,” “QCi” and “QUBT,” refer to Quantum Computing Inc., a Delaware corporation, and unless the context
indicates otherwise, also includes our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

   



 
     i 
       
     

   

 PART
I 

   

 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

   

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“could,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,” “potential” and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. 

   

 These
forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent
our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise required by law, we expressly
disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any
of our forward-looking statements are based. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future financial and other
results include those discussed in the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as those
discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

   

 ITEM
1. BUSINESS . 

   

 The
Computing Landscape and The End of Moore’s Law 

   

 For
the past 45 years or so, silicon-based processor manufacturers have been able to double their processing power every 18 to 24 months,
a phenomenon known in the computer industry as “Moore’s Law.” Recently, the computer processor industry has found it
increasingly difficult to offer faster, more powerful processors due to fundamental physical effects limiting further size reduction
of transistors. 

   

 Additionally,
conventional computers are known to struggle with optimization problems known as  NP-complete  problems, which are a class
of mathematical problems that can, in principle, be solved by conventional computers, with that caveat that the time to solution will
grow exponentially with the size of the problem. These NP-complete problems require complex calculations that cannot currently be performed
within any reasonable amount of time using conventional computer systems for problem sizes relevant to many industrial and government
applications. Published academic research indicates that quantum computers may be ideally suited to solve optimization problems of this
type. 

   

 Some
computer science experts believe that quantum computing will be a potential solution to the hard limits now being approached by conventional
computers that utilize silicon-based processors. While the date of practical relevance of quantum computers is hard to determine, we
believe that quantum availability has already begun and that quantum computers with gradually increasing performance will be introduced
by multiple vendors over the course of the next decade. 

   

 The
Company  

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. (“QCi” or the “Company”) is an American company utilizing non-linear quantum optics (optical devices
whose output due to quantum effects is exponentially, not linearly, related to inputs) to deliver quantum products for high-performance
computing applications. QCi’s products are designed to operate at room temperature and use low power. Our core technology enables
the execution of a go-to-market strategy that emphasizes accessibility and affordability as the key selling points. 

   

 QCi
was founded in 2018 and our initial business was developing platform agnostic enterprise software for quantum computing systems. In June
2022, QCi acquired its wholly-owned subsidiary QPhoton, Inc. (subsequently renamed QPhoton, LLC) (“QPhoton”), a photonics
hardware company (the “QPhoton Merger”). That merger enables QCi to now offer high-performance quantum systems integrated
with the Company’s software platform, Qatalyst, that existed before the QPhoton Merger. 

   

 

 
     1 
       
     

   

 QCi’s core technology is Entropy Quantum
Computing (“EQC”). EQC is a patent pending methodology that utilizes the environment to drive controlled energy loss in a
photonic architecture. Using quantum measurements of single photons as a source of feedback, the energy loss of the system is driven to
a “ground state solution” where additional computational iterations no longer change the output. The ground state solution
is the optimized result (the answer to the problem posed). This methodology allows for very low power consumption and room temperature
operation. Also, due to the nature of the measurement and feedback process, EQC drives non-linear quantum interactions for “dense,
fully connected” problem solving. We anticipate that our core technologies will enable us to develop and produce multiple generations
of quantum machines with increasing computational power, capacity, and speed, as well as the eventual hardware miniaturization to produce
optical integrated circuits to replace the discrete components currently used. We expect these systems to deliver performance advantages
over classical computational machines with the long-term goal of solving complex problems more effectively and efficiently with greater
scalability, lower power consumption, and lower cost. 
   

 In
addition to our photonic computing platform, we have leveraged QCi’s core technology to demonstrate powerful quantum sensing use
cases in LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging), reservoir computing (a form of neural network that can be used in machine learning applications)
and quantum cyber authentication (a method for highly secure communication within a network). Several of these important technologies
are already in early stages of commercialization. 

   

 Our longer-term product development plan is to
migrate product designs based on discrete components to a set of optical integrated circuits built on wafers using a crystalline material
called lithium niobate (“Thin Film Lithium Niobate” or “TFLN”). The Company believes that TFLN is an excellent
material for design and implementation of optical integrated circuits suitable for our quantum computing and sensing products because
it is crystal based and hence can have optical waveguides directly etched into the material. QCi possesses strong domain experience and
intellectual property in TFLN design and chip fabrication and has completed initial production of several specialty devices such as electro-optical
modulators (“EOM’s”). The Company has begun buildout of a state-of-the-art TFLN chip manufacturing facility in a leased
space within Arizona State University’s Research Park in Tempe, Arizona. The Company’s understanding is that this could be
the nation’s first dedicated optical integrated circuit manufacturing facility using TFLN wafers to achieve quantum effects. Our
plan for the facility is to produce a range of custom lithium niobate chips for use in our own product lines as well as chips for sale
in the commercial market. The Company has plans to support this initiative by applying for funding for distinct uses under both the Title
17 Clean Energy Financing Program managed by the US Department of Energy’s Loan Programs Office and also the Creating Helpful
Incentives to Produce Semiconductors Act of 2022 (the “CHIPS Act”), which allocates $52 billion for the revitalization
and onshoring of semiconductor manufacturing in the U.S. The CHIPS Act funding specifically includes $39 billion in manufacturing incentives
and $13 billion to support new research and development. 
   

 The recent market report published by  Market
Research Reports: Document ID: LPI08232779; Published August 8, 2023  “ Thin Film Lithium Niobate Market Forecast
2023 – 2029 ,” indicates a significant underlying market growth for TFLN devices. The study covers use applications and
segments that suggest the global TFLN EOM market, valued at $190.4 million in 2022, is forecast to grow an estimated $1,931.3 million
by 2029 - a compound annual growth rate of 39 percent.  The report further describes that the demand increase is principally driven
by the material advantages that were summarized above. Specifically, TFLN EOM’s have the advantages of large bandwidth, low power
consumption, and small size.  
   

 

 
     2 
       
     

   

 Our
Strategy 

   

 QCi’s
strategy is to provide a range of accessible and affordable quantum machines to commercial and government markets. Our proprietary technology
is central to our strategy because we believe that it enables us to leverage the advantages of size, weight, power and cost (over competing
cryogenic products to drive market adoption and volume of sales. 

   

 In
addition to cloud-based access to our quantum computers, we offer on premises installation of our EQC product, rack-mountable and compatible
with standard server room infrastructure requiring no need for special cooling, shielding, or power considerations. The Company believes
the EQC’s small rack-mountable size and low-energy consumption provides a substantial competitive edge as compared to superconducting,
cryogenic quantum systems offered by competitors that are also designed to solve optimization problems. 

   

 We
believe that the practical benefits to the customer of QCi’s core offerings are: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     Powerful
    performance in speed and quality of solution for large complex optimization problems 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     Plug
    and play compatibility with existing IT infrastructure 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     Low
    power consumption – normal operation under 80 watts 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     Scalability with potential for migration to nanophotonic system-on-a-chip
designs 
   
   

 Market
Opportunity 

   

 Despite
enormous growth in the capabilities of conventional computers and silicon microprocessors, some of the world’s most important computational
problems are still considered impractical to solve in a reasonable period of time. Quantum computing represents a potential alternative
approach to solving those problems because quantum computers apply the properties of quantum physics to operate in a fundamentally different
way. Conventional computer chips use binary bits (ones and zeros) to represent information. Quantum computers utilize qubits (quantum
bits), which leverage some of the properties of quantum physics, namely superposition and entanglement, to process computations that
would be intractably difficult using conventional computers. 

   

 While
quantum-based computers will not replace conventional computers in most applications, they are ideally suited to run optimization algorithms,
as well as to calculate certain sensing, imaging, and cybersecurity problems that are beyond the reach of general silicon-based computing
today. The Company believes that quantum solutions have the potential to bring order of magnitude advances in the fields of medicine,
engineering, autonomous vehicles, and cybersecurity and that the demand for quantum computing in these market sectors will likely outpace
and outperform the general-purpose computing market in the near- to mid-term and into the foreseeable future. 

   

 Our
core technology offers practical, cost-effective solutions that materially advance the adoption of quantum machines across several market
segments including: 

   

 
 1. Quantum
                                            Computing 

   

 
 2. Quantum
                                            Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) 

   

 
 3. Remote
                                            Sensing 

   

 
 4. Imaging 

   

 
 5. Cybersecurity 

   



 
     3 
       
     

   

 Products
and Products in Development   

   

 The
Company believes it is well-positioned in the marketplace due to the Company’s core technology in integrated photonics that allows
QCi to offer a suite of quantum machines and solutions to the market today with a robust technology roadmap for the future. The merger
with QPhoton has broadened the Company’s technology portfolio and enables us to develop a group of closely related products to
EQC, based on our common core photonic technology. 

   

 TFLN
Optical Chips 

   

 We
believe that TFLN optical integrated circuits (“TFLN Optical Chips”) will ultimately provide the greatest scalability and
performance advantages for quantum information processing, sensing and imaging. The Company is developing proprietary chip designs and
is completing a dedicated chip fabrication facility to develop and produce TFLN Optical Chips for quantum information processing and
other single photon detection and sensing applications. 

   

 Quantum
Computing 

   

 Entropy
Quantum Computer 

   

 The
core of QCi’s hardware offering is the EQC, which leverages the principle of open quantum systems, meaning that the EQC does
not need to be isolated from the outside world in order to function. The EQC differs from the more common gate-model architectures
by using the entropy in the environment as a useful source of energy rather than as a source of noise. As a result, the EQC can
operate in normal server room environments with a high degree of stability. The EQC works by encoding a problem into a photonic
signal and then carefully modulating the loss of energy in the system, iterating until the system reaches the ground state (or
optimal configuration) solution. The non-linear coupling of an optical feedback loop in the system enables full connectivity among
all of the variables of a complex problem. 

   

 QCi
launched a new EQC device during the first quarter of 2024 (Dirac-3) and plans to release a series of additional EQC products in the
coming months and years. This planned evolution of technology and product enhancements will involve improving the size and capacity of
the EQC machines, as well as speed, scalability and performance fidelity. The EQC is available both as a cloud-based subscription service,
similar to other quantum machines, as well as an affordable on premises solution. 

   

 Qatalyst 

   



 QCi’s evolution into quantum hardware computing
was enabled by the prior creation of its Qatalyst software. The Qatalyst development platform was QCi’s answer to the broader industry’s
current approach to quantum software development, which relies on highly trained scientists working with software development kits (“SDKs”)
at the circuit level, instead of a high-level language, which requires deep level quantum expertise to create quantum workflows. Qatalyst
is not a tool kit, rather, a complete platform. Qatalyst enables developers to create and execute quantum-ready applications on conventional
computers as well as multiple quantum computers. Users can call upon the same Qatalyst APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) on conventional
computers to achieve optimization performance advantages using our cloud-based solution. We originally designed Qatalyst to facilitate
access to multiple quantum processing units including Rigetti, Oxford Quantum Circuits and IonQ, QuEra, and Xanadu via the Amazon Web
Services (“AWS”) cloud-based Braket service. Qatalyst is now the interface to QCi’s own EQC systems.   

 

 
     4 
       
     

   

 Quantum
Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) 

   

 Reservoir
Computer 

   

 Launched
in June 2023, our first reservoir computing product is an edge device that is FPGA-based and optimized for recurrent neural network applications.
“Compute at the edge” means to process, measure and analyze data locally (at the device) vs. over a network where data must
be sent over the internet or through some cloud service.  QCi’s Reservoir Computer (“RC”) is a standalone box
that can be plugged into a local computer or server without having to connect over the internet. The RC hardware system’s advantages
over the more traditional software approaches to reservoir computing include significantly faster processing speeds, 80% - 95% less energy
consumption, portability (size of power bank), affordability, and requiring significantly shorter training time. The RC delivers superior
performance in time dependent tasks, such as chaotic time series prediction, unstructured financial model prediction, natural language
processing and weather forecasting. Being deployed at a “compute at the edge” device, which provides the advantage of allowing
data analysis to occur at the data collection point, reducing latency and dependency on network connections and providing more real-time
processing of data. To date, the market for reservoir computing has been limited due to computing cost and technical implementation complexities,
which the RC is designed to address. We anticipate that future generations of the RC will introduce greater speed of performance and
scalability. This will enable the RC to participate in the large language model training and other applications. While technology challenges
do remain in scaling this technology, this is one of the focus areas for QCi to gain significant share in the artificial intelligence
/ Machine Learning hardware market. 

   

 Remote
Sensing 

   

 LiDAR
Applications 

   

 QCi’s
Quantum LiDAR uses patented methodologies that leverage the selective use of quantum spatial-temporal modes to maximize the signal-to-noise
ratio of weak information signals in a high noise background. This technology advancement allows QCi systems to see through dense fog
and provide image fidelity at great distances with very high resolution in difficult environments such as snow, ice, and water. The practical
benefits on payload and signal to noise enhancement can be used to produce LiDAR systems that are greatly enhanced in their ability to
measure at improved resolution and distances from aircraft, drones and even satellites. 

   

 Quantum
Photonic Vibrometer 

   

 Launched
July 2023, QCi’s Photonic Vibrometer is a proprietary, powerful instrument for remote vibration detection, sensing, and inspection.  This
device offers significant advancements in sensitivity, speed, and resolution, capable of discerning for the first time, highly obscured
and non-line-of-sight objects.  The first in the series of the system measures the vibration frequency of a remote target by
utilizing fast-gated single photon counting to directly detect returning photons whose wavefunctions are dynamically modulated as they
are reflected off the target. By counting photons at a megahertz rate, important properties such as material composition and mechanical
integrity can be determined within seconds and, depending on detection distance, with microwatt to milliwatt optical power. Working
at an eye-safe wavelength, the system can accurately characterize the vibration spectra of solid or liquid targets with vibration amplitude
as small as 100 nanometers. The system can also remotely sense through obscured media or around corners where there is no line of sight,
implying new capabilities in remote sensing, voice recognition, and ex vivo diagnostics. 

   

 We
expect subsequent photonic vibrometer versions, currently under development, to reach significantly greater distances, minimize device
footprint and weight, and optimize data gathering in increasingly challenging environmental conditions (for example, underground, underwater
and at high altitudes affixed to a drone, plane or space-based platforms). 

   

 Imaging 

   

 Optical
Imaging 

   

 By
leveraging the ability to count single photons, a key to the EQC, and filter their associated wave functions precisely, we can obtain
optical imaging through otherwise opaque and dense materials. Quantum imaging has the potential to be a powerful supplement to modern
reconstructed computerized tomography (CAT Scan) imaging applications, where tissue damage from high energy radiation needs to be avoided.
We have built and are currently testing a prototype quantum imaging system. 

   

 

 
     5 
       
     

   

 Cybersecurity 

   

 Quantum
Networks and Quantum Authentication 

   

 QCi
has developed a system to address one of the major challenges in cybersecurity, authentication of users on a network, which is currently
facilitated by the distribution of “private keys” by a trusted third party. This approach is inherently insecure as keys
are bundled and travel with the encrypted data, making it susceptible to harvest-and-decrypt-later vulnerability. QCi has developed a
quantum authentication technology and methodology that eliminates the need for trust of third-party involvement in key distribution.
Our approach uses a combination of a high-powered laser and a patented detection methodology deeply rooted in the fundamental principles
of quantum mechanics, resulting in what we believe will be an unbreakable basis for private network communication. 

   

 Industry
Overview 

   

 Quantum
computing is a component of the large and global high-performance computing industry, which is comprised of hardware, software, and services
for compute-intensive applications. The rapid adoption of technologies such as artificial intelligence, 3D imaging, artificial intelligence/large
language models, and the Internet of Things (IoT), have served to exponentially increase the generation of data, driving up the demand
for high-performance computing. Estimates of the size of this industry vary, but according to Grand View Research, the high-performance
computing market was valued at $39.1 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach a value of $53.6 billion by 2027, see  Grand View Research
- High Performance Computing Market Size Worth $53.6 Billion By 2027,   https://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-high-performance-computing-hpc-market
(Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, this website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, and
you should not consider information on this website to be part of this Annual Report). 

   

 The
high-performance computing market is important for many industries, including, but not limited to, IT, aerospace, healthcare, automotive,
and e-commerce. Examples of compute-intensive applications include optimization, data management, analytics, encryption, natural language
processing and complex modeling. Quantum computing is expected to be useful for similar applications. According to a report from Allied
Market Research, the global enterprise quantum computing market size was valued at $1.3 billion in 2020 and is projected to reach $18.3
billion by 2030, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 29.7% from 2021 to 2030, according to a published report on the enterprise
quantum computing market at https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/enterprise-quantum-computing-market (Information contained on,
or that can be accessed through, this website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, and you should not consider information
on this website to be part of this Annual Report). 

   

 While
the current quantum computing market comprises a fraction of the broader high-performance computing market, we anticipate that quantum
computers will unlock new applications that are unlikely to be addressable by existing high-performance computers comprised of leveraging
classical processing units. 

   

 Quantum
computing is a nascent and rapidly developing technology that has shown promise in delivering potentially disruptive computing capabilities.
We believe that quantum computing’s immense compute capabilities qualify it as a subset of high-performance computing. As quantum
computing hardware continues to advance, we expect a corresponding growth in demand for software capable of leveraging the compute capabilities
of quantum computing hardware. As an early participant in this rapidly growing ecosystem, we believe we are well-positioned to capture
and drive a meaningful amount of this category growth. We believe that there is further potential upside from quantum computing and technology
more broadly opening new markets not included in traditional high-performance computing market size estimates. 

   


 
     6 
       
     

   

 Competition 

   

 The
quantum computing industry is highly competitive and rapidly evolving and will likely remain so for the foreseeable future. As this industry
continues to grow and mature, we expect a continued influx of new competitors, products, hardware advances, and concepts to emerge that
can dramatically transform the industry and our business. Due to the high price point of quantum computing hardware today, novel business
models may emerge to adapt to customer preferences in the high-performance computing industry. Our ability to evolve and adapt rapidly
over an extended period of time will be critical in remaining competitive. We perform a broad range of research and development efforts
to identify and position for the changing demands of future customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. 

   

 According
to research conducted by The Quantum Insider (https://thequantuminsider.com/data), there are over 700 companies and approximately 400
university academic groups working in various aspects of quantum technology, with approximately 400 of these having a pure play focus
on quantum computing, according to  The Landscape of the Quantum Start-up Ecosystem , October 18, 2022, https://epjquantumtechnology.springeropen.com/articles/10.1140/epjqt/s40507-022-00146-x
(Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, this website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, and
you should not consider information on this website to be part of this Annual Report). 

   

 These
entities range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources such as IBM, Google, Intel,
Microsoft, Quantinuum (formerly Honeywell) and Amazon to recent market entrants such as D-Wave Quantum, Rigetti Computing, IonQ, PsiQuantum,
Xanadu and Infleqtion (formerly ColdQuanta), as well as smaller privately funded development stage companies whose narrower product focuses
may allow them to be more effective in deploying resources towards a specific industry demand. In addition, we face competition from
large research organizations funded by sovereign nations such as China, Russia, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom, as well as
the European Union, and we believe that additional countries will invest in quantum computing in the future. We will continue to face
competition from the existing high-performance computing industry using classical (non-quantum) computers. 

   

 We
believe that competition in this market segment will intensify. Many of our competitors may have longer operating histories, significantly
greater financial, technical, product development and marketing resources, and greater name recognition than we do. Our competitors
could use these resources to market or develop products or services that are more effective or less costly than any or all of our products
or services. 

   

 Intellectual
Property 

   

 Our
intellectual property consists of patents, trademarks, and trade secrets. Our trade secrets consist of product formulas, research and
development, and unpatentable know-how, all of which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. To protect our intellectual
property, we rely on a combination of laws and regulations, as well as contractual restrictions. Federal trademark law protects our registered
trademarks. We also rely on the protection of laws regarding unregistered copyrights for certain content we create and trade secret laws
to protect our proprietary technology. To further protect our intellectual property, we enter into confidentiality agreements with our
executive officers, employees, consultants and directors. 

   


 
     7 
       
     

   

 Trademarks 

   

 The
Company has one registered trademark, “QPhoton,” and has applied for two additional trademarks, both of which are being used
in commerce: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     QGraph 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     Qatalyst 
   
   

 Patents 

   

 The
Company has one granted United States patent. 

   

 
   
     Country 
       
     Serial
     
    No. 
       
     Filing 
    Date 
       
     Patent 
    No. 
       
       
     Issue 
    Date 
       
     Title 
       
     Status 
       
     Anticipated 
    Expiration 
Date 
   
     USA 
       
     17/560,816 
       
     12/23/2021 
       
     11,436,519 
       
       
     09/06/2022 
       
     Machine
    Learning Mapping for Quantum Processing Units 
       
     Granted 
       
     12/23/2041 
   
   

 Exclusive
License Agreement  

   

 QCi
has an exclusive license to seven patents issued to the Stevens Institute of Technology, pursuant to the license agreement dated December
17, 2020 by and among QPhoton and The Trustees of The Stevens Institute of Technology (the “Licensor”). QPhoton agreed to
reimburse the Licensor for patent prosecution expenses in the amount of $125,041 and deliver to the Licensor an annual report and quarterly
report pursuant to the terms of the license agreement. As consideration for the license and other rights granted under the license agreement,
QPhoton agreed to pay the Licensor (i) $35,000 upon full execution of the license agreement, (ii) $28,000 each annual anniversary of
the effective date of the license agreement, (iii) 9% of the membership units of QPhoton, LLC, and (iv) a royalty of 3.5% of the net
sales price of each license product sold or license by QPhoton, LLC and any affiliate and sublicensee. On June 15, 2022, the Licensor
agreed to assign the license agreement to QCi upon consummation of the QPhoton Merger. 

   

 Government
Regulation and Incentives 

   

 Encryption 

   

 The
U.S. government has historically tightly regulated the export of cryptographic technologies under the Arms Export Control Act and the
associated International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) as a form of munition. The logic behind the export restrictions is that the
ability to secure information has great value to the military and intelligence agencies, and the US Government does not want those technologies
sold or distributed to foreign adversaries. These regulations were relaxed in 1996 by executive order, but restrictions are still in
place under the Export Administration Act that limit the export of some advanced encryption methods and technologies. Export of commercial
encryption products to certain designated countries and terrorist groups is restricted, as are exports of military quality encryption
technologies. Restrictions on encryption technology are in place in many other countries but the extent of regulation varies widely from
country to country. Domestically, encryption technology is largely unregulated but law enforcement, intelligence and investigative agencies
work closely with encryption technology developers to enable the US government to access encrypted data under certain conditions. We
believe that quantum encryption and decryption products can be marketed to U.S. government agencies but that export opportunities may
be limited. The National Security Agency (NSA) released the “Commercial National Security Algorithm Suite 2.0” (CNSA
2.0) Cybersecurity Advisory (CSA) to notify National Security Systems (NSS) owners, operators and vendors of the future quantum-resistant
(QR) algorithms requirements for NSS networks that contain or transfer classified information or are otherwise critical to military and
intelligence activities. 

   

 

 
     8 
       
     

   

 Incentives 

   

 In
December 2018, the National Quantum Initiative Act (the “Quantum Act”) was signed into law. The purpose of the Quantum Act
is to “ensure the continued leadership of the United States in quantum information science” and to develop a unified national
strategy for researching quantum information science. The Quantum Act authorizes a National Quantum Coordination Office inside the
White House’s Office of Science and Technology Policy to help coordinate research between agencies, serve as the federal point
of contact and promote private commercialization of federal research breakthroughs over the next decade. In addition, President Trump
announced the formation of a National Quantum Initiative consisting of key technology companies working in the field of quantum computing.
The Company is a member of that Initiative and is also a member of the Quantum Economic Development Council. 

   

 The
Quantum Act also authorized the creation of five National Quantum Information Science Research Centers within the Department of Energy
and research and education centers in the National Science Foundation. The Quantum Act also anticipated the eventual creation of industry
standards for QIS development, new research grant funding and increased collaboration with the private sector, to date those standards
and industry funding opportunities have not materialized. 

   

 In
August 2022 Congress passed, and President Biden signed, the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors Act of 2022 (the
“CHIPS Act”). The CHIPS Act was designed to address the global computer chip shortage and attract chip manufacturing, and
innovation to the United States. The CHIPS Act is a $280 billion spending package aimed at encouraging the growth of the US-based semiconductor
industry. To assist in securing the domestic chip supply, the CHIPS Act provides $52.7 billion for American semiconductor research, development,
manufacturing, and workforce development. The Company is pursuing programs under the CHIPS Act as a potential avenue to finance a photonic
chip manufacturing facility. 

   

 Corporate
Information 

   

 Our
executive offices are located at 5 Marine View Plaza, Suite 214, Hoboken, NJ 07030, and our telephone number is (703) 436-2121. Our corporate
website is www.quantumcomputinginc.com. Information appearing on our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

   

 Employees 

   

 As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had 39 full time employees and nine part time contract staff, 34 of whom are focused on product development.
The employees are not part of a collective bargaining agreement and labor relationships are good. The Company offers a health and welfare
benefit plan to current full time employees that provides medical, dental, vision, life and disability benefits. The Company also offers
a 401(k) retirement savings plan and participation in the stock option plan to all full-time employees. There are no unpaid liabilities
under the Company’s benefit plans, and the Company has no obligation to pay for post-retirement health and medical costs of retired
employees. 

   

 

 
     9 
       
     

   

 ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

   

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our objectives,
expectations and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as applicable to all forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   

 Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Status as an Early-Stage Company 

   

 We
are in our early stages and have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to forecast the future results of our operations. 

   

 QCi was formed in 2018 and merged with QPhoton in
June 2022. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited
and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our ability to generate revenues
will largely be dependent on our ability to develop and produce a suite of products based on quantum photonic technologies, with steadily
increasing capabilities. Our technical roadmap may not be realized as quickly as hoped, or even at all. As a result, our historical results
should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our growth could slow or decline for a number
of reasons, including but not limited to slowing demand for our quantum products and services, increased competition, changes to technology,
our inability to scale up our technology, a decrease in the growth of the market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to take
advantage of growth opportunities. Furthermore, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we
will continue as a going concern. We have not emerged from the development stage and may be unable to raise further equity. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   

 We
have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly
changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future growth are incorrect or change, or if
we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our
business could suffer. Our success as a business ultimately relies upon fundamental research and development breakthroughs in the coming
years. There is no certainty these research and development milestones will be achieved as quickly as hoped, or even at all. 

   

 We
have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future. 

   

 We
incurred net losses each year since 2018 and we believe that we will continue to incur operating and net losses each quarter until at
least the time we begin generating significant revenue from our products and services, which may never occur. Even with significant production,
we may never become profitable from the sale of our products and services. 

   

 We
expect to incur significantly higher losses in future periods as we continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the design,
development and manufacturing of our quantum computers and other products and services, and as we expand our research and development
activities, invest in manufacturing capabilities, build up inventories of components for our quantum computers and other products, increase
our sales and marketing activities, develop our infrastructure, and increase our general and administrative functions to support our
growing operations. We may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate or that these efforts may not result
in revenues, which would further increase our losses. If we are unable to achieve and/or sustain profitability, or if we are unable to
achieve the growth that we expect from these investments, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. Our business model is unproven and may never allow us to cover our costs. 

   

 We
have a history of accumulated deficits, recurring losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. We may be unable to achieve
or sustain profitability or remain a going concern. 

   

 We
are an early-stage company and we have not generated any material revenues to offset our operating expenses. If we are unable to generate
significant revenues in future periods, we will not be able to achieve profitability, and if we should achieve, to maintain profitability.
Beyond this, we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons including other risks described in this document,
and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. Accordingly, we may not ever
achieve profitability. We incurred negative cash flows from operating activities and recurring net losses in fiscal years 2023 and 2022.
As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, our accumulated deficit was $149,718,453 and $119,987,781, respectively. These factors, among others,
raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

   

 

 
     10 
       
     

   

 We
may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet customer and market demand, which could result in lower profitability or
cause us to fail to execute on our business strategies. 

   

 In
order to grow our business, we will need to continually evolve and scale our business and operations to meet customer and market demand.
However, commercial demand for quantum computing products and services may never develop. There are significant technological challenges
associated with developing, producing, marketing and selling products and services in the high-performance computing industry, including
our products and services, and we may not be able to resolve all of the difficulties that may arise in a timely or cost-effective manner,
or at all. We may not be able to cost effectively manage production at a scale or quality consistent with customer demand in a timely
or economical manner. 

   

 Our
ability to scale is dependent also upon components that we must source from multiple countries, including China. Shortages or supply
interruptions in any of these components will adversely impact our ability to generate revenues. Deterioration in the political relationship
between the U.S. and China result in loss of access to suppliers of key components with little or no warning, which would adversely affect
our ability to develop and manufacture our products. We are actively searching for alternative suppliers outside of China, but there
is no assurance that we can locate comparable components at reasonable prices within the desired timeframes. 

   

 If
large-scale development of our quantum computers other products commences, they may contain defects in design and manufacture that may
cause them to not perform as expected or that may require repair and design changes. Our quantum computers are inherently complex and
incorporate technology and components that may have not been used for computing products and that may contain defects and errors, particularly
when first introduced. We have a limited frame of reference from which to evaluate the long-term performance of our computers. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our quantum computers in a timely manner that does not disrupt
our services to our customers. If our technology fails to perform as expected, customers may seek out a competitor or turn away from
quantum computing entirely, each of which could adversely affect our sales and brand and could adversely affect our business, prospects
and results of operations. If defects in our technology lead to erroneous outputs, third parties relying on those outputs may draw from
them erroneous conclusions, creating a risk that we will be liable to those third parties. 

   

 If
we cannot evolve and scale our business and operations effectively, we may not be able to execute our business strategies in a cost-effective
manner and our business, financial condition, profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

   

 Even
if the market in which we compete achieves its anticipated growth levels, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 

   

 Our
success will depend upon our ability to expand, scale our operations, and increase our sales and support capability. Even if the market
in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasted, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 

   

 Our
growth is dependent upon our ability to successfully expand our products and services, retain customers, bring in new customers and retain
critical talent. Unforeseen issues associated with scaling up and constructing quantum computing technology at commercially viable levels
could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Our
growth is dependent upon our ability to successfully market and sell our quantum computers and quantum computing products and services.
We do not have experience with the large-scale production and sale of quantum computing technology. Our growth and long-term success
will depend upon the development of our sales and production capabilities. 

   

 

 
     11 
       
     

   

 Moreover,
because of our advanced technology, our customers will require particular support and service functions, some of which are not currently
available and may never be available. If we experience delays in adding such support capacity or servicing our customers efficiently,
or experience unforeseen issues with the reliability of our technology, we could overburden our servicing and support capabilities. Similarly,
increasing the number of our products and services would require us to rapidly increase the availability of these services. Failure to
adequately support and service our customers may inhibit our growth and ability to expand. 

   

 There
is no assurance that we will be able to ramp our business to meet our sales, manufacturing, installation, servicing and quantum computing
targets, that expected growth levels will prove accurate or that the pace of growth will continue at the current rate. Failure of QCi
to grow at rates similar to that of the broader quantum computing industry may adversely affect our operating results and ability to
effectively compete within the industry. 

   

 We
may not manage growth effectively. 

   

 Our
failure to manage growth effectively could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We anticipate that a period
of significant expansion will be required to address potential growth. This expansion will place a significant strain on our management,
operational and financial resources. Expansion will require significant cash investments and management resources and there is no guarantee
that they will generate additional sales of our products or services, or that we will be able to avoid cost overruns or be able to hire
additional personnel to support us. In addition, we will also need to ensure our compliance with regulatory requirements in various jurisdictions
applicable to the sale, installation and servicing of our products. To manage the growth of our operations and personnel, we must establish
and maintain appropriate and scalable operational and financial systems, procedures and controls and a qualified finance, administrative
and operations staff. We may be unable to acquire the necessary capabilities and personnel required to manage growth or to identify,
manage and exploit potential strategic relationships and market opportunities. 

   

 We
will require a significant amount of cash for expenditures as we invest in ongoing research and development and business operations and
may need additional capital sooner than planned to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges or
unforeseen circumstances, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. If we are unable to raise additional funding
when needed, we may be required to delay, limit or substantially reduce our development efforts. 

   

 Our business and future plans for expansion are capital-intensive,
and we will require additional capital for equipment and facilities for hardware manufacturing and optical chip fabrication. The specific
timing of cash inflows and outflows may fluctuate substantially from period to period. We will require a significant amount of cash for
expenditures as we invest in ongoing research and development and business operations. Our operating plan may change because of factors
currently unknown, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings or
other sources. Such financings may result in dilution to stockholders, issuance of securities with priority as to liquidation and dividend
and other rights more favorable than those of our common stock, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations or other restrictions
that may adversely affect our business. Any funds we raise may not be sufficient to enable us to continue to implement our long-term business
strategy. Further, our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by worsening global economic conditions and disruptions
to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from disruptions in access to bank
deposits or lending commitments due to bank failures, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions imposed
against Russia, and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related risk of a larger regional conflict. In addition, we may
seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe that we have sufficient funds
for current or future operating plans. 

   

 There
can be no assurance that financing will be available to we on favorable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain financing when needed
may make it more difficult for us to operate our business or implement our growth plans and we may be required to delay, limit or substantially
reduce our quantum computing development efforts. Our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of securities could be significantly
impacted by the resale of our securities by holders of our securities, which could result in a significant decline in the trading price
of our securities and potentially hinder our ability to raise capital on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. 

   

 Failure
to identify errors in the quantitative models we utilize to manage our business could adversely impact product performance and client
relationships. 

   

 We
employ various quantitative models to manage our business. Any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated
and adverse consequences on our business and reputation. 

   


 
     12 
       
     

   

 Our
ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited in connection with the QPhoton Merger or other
ownership changes. 

   

 We
have incurred losses during our history, do not expect to become profitable in the near future and may never achieve profitability. To
the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until
such unused losses expire, if at all. 

   

 Under
current law, U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards generated in taxable periods beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried
forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating loss carryforwards in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020,
is limited to 80% of taxable income, or less. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the current law. 

   

 In
addition, our net operating loss carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the IRS, and state tax authorities. Under
Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), our federal net operating loss carryforwards
and other tax attributes will become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership of the
Company. An “ownership change” pursuant to Section 382 of the Code generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups
of stockholders who own at least 5% of a company’s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their
lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules apply under state tax laws. Our ability to utilize our
federal net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities may be limited as
a result of ownership changes, including potential changes in connection with the QPhoton Merger or other transactions. Similar rules
may apply under state tax laws. 

   

 If
we earn taxable income, such limitations could result in increased future income tax liability and our future cash flows could be adversely
affected. We have recorded a valuation allowance related to our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets due to
the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 

   

 Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

   

 We
have not produced any of our products at volume and we face significant barriers in our attempts to develop and manufacture our products,
including the need to invent and develop new technology. If we cannot successfully overcome those barriers, our business will be negatively
impacted and could fail. 

   

 Producing
quantum computers, sensors and networks is a difficult undertaking. There are significant engineering challenges that we must overcome.
We face significant challenges in completing development of our quantum computers and other products, and in producing in sufficient
volumes. Even if we complete development and achieve volume production of our products, if the cost, accuracy, performance characteristics
or other specifications fall short of our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely
affected. 

   

 The
performance capabilities of our products will depend on the development and production of TFLN Optical Chips to achieve scale, performance
and cost. There is significant development and intellectual property risk in the specification, design and development of TFLN Optical
Chips and our plans could be impacted by lack of funding, competition or even unknown core technology factors intrinsic to the work.
This would limit the ability of QCi to scale its growth to expected levels over the longer term and the Company could lose momentum. 

   

 We
may be unable to reduce the production cost sufficiently, which may prevent us from pricing our quantum systems competitively.  

   

 Our
revenue projections are dependent on the cost per manufactured system decreasing over the next several years as our quantum computers
advance. These cost projections are based on economies of scale due to demand for our products and services, technological innovation
and negotiations with third-party parts suppliers. If these cost savings do not materialize, the production cost may be higher than projected,
making our quantum computing products and services less competitive than those offered by our competitors, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 

 
     13 
       
     

   

 If
our products and services fail to deliver customer value to a broader range of customers than classical approaches, our business, financial
condition and future prospects may be harmed. 

   

 “Quantum
advantage” refers to the moment when a quantum computer can compute faster than existing classical computers, while quantum supremacy
is achieved once quantum computers are powerful enough to complete calculations that traditional supercomputers cannot perform at all.
Broad quantum advantage is when quantum advantage is seen in many applications and developers prefer quantum computers to a traditional
computer. No current quantum computers have reached a broad quantum advantage and they may never reach such advantage. While achieving
a broad quantum advantage will be critical to the success of any quantum computing company, including us, it would not necessarily lead
to commercial viability of the technology that accomplished such advantage, nor would it mean that such system could outperform classical
computers in tasks other than the one used to determine a quantum advantage. As quantum computing technology continues to mature, broad
quantum advantage, and quantum supremacy, may take years or decades to be realized, if it ever is. If we cannot develop quantum computers
that have quantum advantage, customers may not continue to purchase our products and services. If other companies’ quantum computers
reach a broad quantum advantage prior to the time we reach such capabilities, it could lead to a loss of customers. If any of these events
occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 The
quantum computing industry is competitive and we may not be successful in competing in this industry or establishing and maintaining
confidence in our long-term business prospects among current and future partners and customers. 

   

 Since
the merger with QPhoton, our business strategy has broadened to include the manufacture of several lines of hardware in addition to the
underlying software. As a result, the markets in which we now operate are rapidly evolving and highly competitive. As the marketplace
continues to mature and new technologies and competitors enter, we expect competition to intensify. Our current competitors include: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     large,
    well-established tech companies that generally compete across our products, including IBM, Quantinuum, Google, Microsoft and Amazon; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     large
    research organizations funded by sovereign nations such as China, Russia, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom, and those in
    the European Union; additional countries may decide to fund quantum computing programs in the future; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     less-established
    public and private companies with competing technology, including IonQ, Rigetti Computing, PsiQuantum, Xanadu and D-Wave Quantum,
    and companies located outside the United States; and 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     new
    or emerging entrants seeking to develop competing technologies. 
   
   

 We
compete based on various factors, including technology, price, performance, multi-cloud availability, brand recognition and reputation,
customer support and differentiated capabilities, including ease of administration and use, scalability and reliability, data governance
and security. Many of our competitors have substantially greater brand recognition, customer relationships, and financial, technical
and other resources than we do, including an experienced sales force and sophisticated supply chain management. They may be able to respond
more effectively than us to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer requirements and buying practices. In addition,
many countries are focused on developing quantum computing solutions either in the private or public sector and may subsidize quantum
computers, which may make it difficult for us to compete. Many of these competitors do not face the same challenges we do in growing
our business. In addition, other competitors might be able to compete with us by bundling their other products in a way that does not
allow us to offer a competitive solution. 

   

 Further,
the industry might recognize the intrinsic advantages of optical integrated circuits in information processing applications and our competitors
could shift to a more direct competitive approach using similar technologies, even with strong intellectual property protection. 

   


 
     14 
       
     

   

 Additionally, we must be able to achieve our objectives
in a timely manner lest quantum computing lose ground to competitors, including competing technologies. Because there are a large number
of market participants, including certain sovereign nations, focused on developing quantum computing technology, we must dedicate significant
resources to achieving any technical objectives on the timelines established by our management team. Any failure to achieve objectives
in a timely manner could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

   

 For all of these reasons, competition may negatively
impact our ability to maintain and grow consumption of our platform or put downward pressure on our prices and gross margins, any of which
could materially harm our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

   

 We rely on access to high-performance third-party
classical computing through public clouds and high-performance computing centers to deliver quantum products and services to customers.
We may not be able to maintain connectivity with these resources, which could make it harder for us to reach customers or deliver products
and services in a cost-effective manner. 

   

 Our products and services may from time to time
incorporate high-performance classical computing through public clouds to provide services to end users and our partners. These public
cloud services are predominantly on AWS at the present time. 

   

 Any material change in our contractual and other
business relationships with AWS or other cloud providers could result in reduced use of our products and services, increased expenses,
including service credit obligations, and harm our brand and reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Further, if our contractual and other business
relationships with our partners are terminated or suspended, either by our partner or by us, or suffer a material change to which we are
unable to adapt, such as the elimination of services or features on which we depend, we would be unable to provide our quantum computing
products and services business at the same scale and would experience significant delays and incur additional expense in transitioning
customers to a different public cloud provider. 

   

 We depend on certain suppliers to source
products. Failure to maintain our relationship with any of these suppliers, or a failure to replace any of these suppliers, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

   

 We buy our products and supplies from companies
that manufacture and source products from the United States and abroad. Our ability to develop and maintain relationships with qualified
suppliers who can satisfy our standards for quality and delivery in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. Any failure
to maintain our relationship with any of our largest suppliers, or a failure to replace any such supplier that is lost, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

   

 We may be required to replace a supplier if their
products do not meet our quality or safety standards, or if the United States government imposes restrictions on trade with certain countries,
such as China. In addition, our suppliers could discontinue selling products at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control
or the suppliers’ control, including shortages of raw materials, environmental and social supply chain issues, pandemic, labor disputes
or weather conditions. Disruptions in transportation lines or the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the state of war
between Israel and Hamas, or an invasion of Taiwan by China, may also cause global supply chain issues that affect us or our suppliers.
We generally have multiple sources of supply, however, in some cases, materials are provided by a single supplier. The loss of, or substantial
decrease in the availability of, products from our suppliers, or the loss of a key supplier, temporarily or permanently, could result
in a material shortage of products, which could lead to price escalations that we may be unable to offset by our prices to our customers.
When supply chain issues are later resolved and prices return to normal levels, we may be required to reduce the prices at which we sell
our products to our customers in order to remain competitive. In addition, even where these risks do not materialize, we may incur costs
as we prepare contingency plans to address such risks. Our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly
replace a supplier who is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with a supplier providing similar products. In addition, our
suppliers’ ability to deliver products may also be affected by raw material and commodity cost volatility or financing constraints
caused by credit market conditions, which could materially and negatively impact our net sales and operating costs, at least until alternate
sources of supply are arranged. Any delay or unavailability of key products required for our development activities in a timely or cost-effective
manner could delay or prevent us from further developing our products and services on our expected timelines or at all and could materially
harm our business. 

   

 

 
     15 
       
     

   

 In order to compete, we must attract, retain
and motivate key associates, and the failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

   

 We depend on our executive officers and management
team to run our business. As we develop new business models and new ways of working, we will need to develop suitable skill sets within
our organization. In addition, our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified
and skilled employees that have highly technical set of skills. The current market for such positions is highly competitive. Qualified
individuals are in high demand and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. Moreover, the loss of any of our senior
management or other key employees or our inability to recruit and develop capable managers could adversely affect our ability to execute
our business plan and we may be unable to find adequate replacements. 

   

 Even if we are successful in developing
our products and executing our strategy, competitors in the industry may achieve technological breakthroughs that render our quantum computing
systems obsolete or inferior to other products. 

   

 Our continued growth and success depend on our
ability to innovate and develop quantum computing technology in a timely manner and effectively market these products. Without timely
innovation and development, our quantum computing products and services could be rendered obsolete or less competitive by changing customer
preferences or because of the introduction of a competitor’s newer technologies. We believe that many competing technologies will
require a technological breakthrough in one or more problems related to science, fundamental physics or manufacturing. While it is uncertain
whether such technological breakthroughs will occur in the next several years, that does not preclude the possibility that such technological
breakthroughs could eventually occur. Any technological breakthroughs that render our technology obsolete or inferior to other products
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 The quantum computing industry is in its
early stages and volatile, and if it does not develop, if it develops slower than we anticipate, if it encounters negative publicity or
if our quantum computing products and services do not achieve commercial adoption, the growth of our business will be harmed. 

   

 The nascent market for quantum computers is still
rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competitive pricing and competitive factors, evolving government regulation
and industry standards, and changing customer demands and behaviors. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness
of our potential customers to use, and increase their utilization of, our products and services, as well as on our ability to demonstrate
the value of quantum computing to their respective organization, government agencies, and other purchasers of quantum computing offerings.
Negative publicity concerning our products and services or the quantum computing industry as a whole could limit market acceptance of
our offerings. If our clients and partners do not perceive the benefits of our products and services, or if they do not drive customer
engagement, then our market may not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, individual and industry
concerns or negative publicity regarding technophobic views in the context of quantum computing could limit market acceptance of our
quantum computing products and services. If any of these events occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results
could be harmed. 

   


 
     16 
       
     

   

 In addition, our growth and future demand for
our products is highly dependent upon the adoption by developers and customers of quantum computers, as well as on our ability to demonstrate
the value of quantum computing to our customers. Delays in future generations of our quantum computers or technical failures at other
quantum computing companies could limit acceptance of our products and services. Negative publicity concerning our products and services
or the quantum computing industry as a whole could limit acceptance of our products and services. While we believe that quantum computing
will solve many large-scale problems, it is possible that such problems may never be solvable by quantum computing technology. If our
customers and partners do not see the benefits of our products and services, or if our products and services do not drive commercial sales,
then demand for our products and services may not develop at all, or it may develop slower than we expect. If any of these events occur,
it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 We have experienced in the past, and could
also suffer future disruptions, outages, defects and other performance and quality problems with our quantum computing products and services,
our production technology partners or with the public cloud, data centers and internet infrastructure on which we rely. 

   

 Our business depends on our quantum computing
systems being available through the cloud with a high level of reliability. We have experienced, and may in the future further experience,
disruptions, outages, defects and other performance and quality problems with our systems. We have also experienced, and may in the future
further experience, disruptions, outages, defects and other performance and quality problems with the public cloud and internet infrastructure
on which our systems rely. These problems can be caused by a variety of factors, including failed introductions of new functionality,
vulnerabilities and defects in proprietary and open- source software, hardware components, human error or misconduct, capacity constraints,
design limitations, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents, foreign objects or debris, weather, construction, supply
chain events, or accidents and other force majeure. We do not have a contractual right with our public cloud providers that compensates
us for any losses due to availability interruptions in the public cloud. 

   

 Any disruptions, outages, defects and other performance
and quality problems with our quantum computing system or with the public cloud, internet, and other infrastructure on which they rely
could result in reduced use of our systems, increased expenses, including service credit obligations, and harm to our brand and reputation,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Our future growth and success depend on
our ability to sell effectively to government entities and large enterprises. 

   

 Our potential customers are likely to include
government agencies and large commercial enterprises. Therefore, our future success will depend on our ability to effectively sell our
products to such customers. Sales to these end-customers involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent)
with sales to non-governmental agencies or smaller customers. These risks include, but are not limited to, (i) increased purchasing power
and leverage held by such customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us and (ii) longer sales cycles and the associated risk
that substantial time and resources may be spent on a potential end-customer that elects not to purchase our solutions. In addition, government
contracts generally include the ability of government agencies to terminate early which, if exercised, would result in a lower contract
value and lower than anticipated revenues. Such government contracts also may limit our ability to do business with foreign governments
or prevent us from selling our products in certain countries. 

   

 Our quantum computing systems may not be
compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware in the future, which could harm our business. 

   

 Since the merger with QPhoton, we have been focusing
more of our efforts on creating quantum computing hardware, in addition to refining the software development platform to access our hardware,
and application programing interfaces (“APIs”) to access our systems. The industry is rapidly evolving, and customers have
many choices for programming languages, some of which may not be compatible with our own APIs. Our quantum computing development platform
is designed to be compatible with most major software languages. If a proprietary (not open source) software toolset became the standard
for quantum application development in the future by a competitor, however, usage of our hardware might be limited, which would have a
negative impact on the Company. Similarly, if a piece of hardware that we could not integrate with became a necessary component for quantum
computing (for instance, quantum networking), the result might have a negative impact on the Company. 

   

 

 
     17 
       
     

   

 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or
the global economy could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 

   

 Our results of operations may vary based on the
impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers and potential customers. Negative conditions in the general
economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, financial
and credit market fluctuations, international trade relations, pandemics (such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic) and other health emergencies,
political turmoil, natural catastrophes, warfare, and terrorist attacks on the United States or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in business
investments, including the progress on development of quantum technologies, and negatively affect the growth of our business. In addition,
in challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify,
delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and services. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient
revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable as a result. Moreover,
our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. 

   

 Furthermore, uncertain economic conditions may
make it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. We cannot predict
the timing, location, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. 

   

 Government actions and regulations, such
as tariffs and trade protection measures, may adversely impact our business, including our ability to obtain products from our suppliers 

   

 Government actions and regulations, such as tariffs
and trade protection measures, may limit our ability to obtain products from our suppliers or sell our products and services to customers.
Political challenges between the United States and countries in which our suppliers are located and changes to trade policies, including
tariff rates and customs duties, trade relations between the United States and those countries and other macroeconomic issues could adversely
impact our business. During the last few years, the United States has imposed tariffs on certain products imported into the United States
and some countries have imposed tariffs on U.S. imports in response. The U.S. government continues to add additional entities, in China
and elsewhere, to restricted party lists impacting the ability of U.S. companies to provide products and, in certain cases, services,
to these entities and, in some cases, to receive items or services from these entities. The U.S. government also continues to increase
end-use restrictions on the provision of items and service to China and other countries including end-uses related to advanced computing.
There is also a possibility of future tariffs, trade protection measures or other restrictions imposed on our products or on our customers
by the United States or other countries that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our technology could be deemed a matter
of national security and, as such, our customer base could be tightly restricted. We also may accept government grants that place restrictions
on the business’ ability to operate. Any such actions could impact our business operations and have a material adverse effect on
our business prospectus, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 In addition, the Chinese
government exercises significant control over China’s economy through the allocation of resources, control of the incurrence and
payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting of monetary policy and provision of preferential treatment to particular
industries or companies. Changes in any of these policies, laws and regulations could adversely affect the overall economy in China or
our Chinese suppliers, which could harm our business through higher supply costs, reduced availability or both. 

   

 Also, due to concerns
with the security of products and services from certain telecommunications equipment and services companies based in China, U.S. Congress
has enacted bans on the use of certain Chinese-origin components or systems either in items sold to the U.S. government or in the internal
networks of government contractors and subcontractors (even if those networks are not used for government-related projects). Further,
the Chinese government has responded to these U.S. actions by indicating its intention to develop an unreliable entity list, which may
limit the ability of companies on the list to engage in business with Chinese counterparties. 

   

 

 
     18 
       
     

   

 In June 2022, the import
restrictions contained in the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (“UFLPA”) became effective. The UFLPA creates a rebuttable
presumption that any goods mined, produced or manufactured, wholly or in part, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (“XUAR”)
of China, or produced by a listed entity, were made with forced labor and would therefore not be entitled to entry at any U.S. port. Importers
are required to present clear and convincing evidence that such goods are not made with forced labor. While we do not source items from
the XUAR or from listed parties, and we have increased our supply chain diligence, there is risk that our ability to import components
and products may be adversely affected by the UFLPA. 

   

 Given the relatively
fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States and uncertainty regarding how the U.S. government or Chinese and other foreign
governments will act with respect to tariffs and international trade agreements and policies, a trade war, further governmental action
related to tariffs or international trade policies, or additional tax or other regulatory changes in the future could directly and adversely
impact our financial results and results of operations. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to trade relations
between the United States and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions or what actions may be taken by the
other countries in retaliation. If we are unable to obtain or use components for inclusion in our products, if component prices increase
significantly or if we are unable to export or sell our products to any of our customers, our business, liquidity, financial condition
and/or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

   

 We may become subject to legal proceedings
that could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

   

 From time to time and in the ordinary course of
our business, we and certain of our subsidiaries may become involved in various legal proceedings. All such legal proceedings are inherently
unpredictable and, regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations
and distracting to management. If resolved against us, such legal proceedings could result in excessive verdicts, injunctive relief or
other equitable relief that may affect how we operate our business. Similarly, if we settle such legal proceedings, it may affect how
we operate our business. Future court decisions, alternative dispute resolution awards, business expansion or legislative activity may
increase our exposure to litigation and regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial noneconomic remedies or punitive damages
may be sought. Although we maintain liability insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover any particular
verdict, judgment or settlement that may be entered against us, that such coverage will prove to be adequate or that such coverage will
continue to remain available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we incur liability that exceeds our insurance coverage or that is not
within the scope of the coverage in legal proceedings brought against us, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

   

 We intend to continue exploring strategic
business acquisitions and other business combinations and transactions, which are subject to inherent risks. 

   

 In order to expand our products and services
and grow our market and client base, we may continue to seek and complete strategic business acquisitions and other combinations, investments,
or partnerships that we believe are complementary to our business. The identification of suitable acquisition, strategic investment or
strategic partnership candidates can be costly and time consuming and can distract our management team from our current operations. The
completion of such transactions also have inherent risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
operating results or prospects, including, but not limited to: (i) failure to successfully integrate the business and financial operations,
services, intellectual property, solutions or personnel of an acquired business and to maintain uniform standard controls, policies and
procedures; (ii) diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; (iii) entry into markets in which we have little
or no direct prior experience; (iv)) failure to achieve projected synergies and performance targets; (v) loss of clients or key personnel;
(vi) incurrence of debt or assumption of known and unknown liabilities; (vii)) write-off of software development costs, goodwill, client
lists and amortization of expenses related to intangible assets; (viii) dilutive issuances of equity securities; and (ix) accounting
deficiencies that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, such transactions, including issues related to internal control
over financial reporting and the time and cost associated with remedying such deficiencies. Even if we successfully complete a strategic
transaction, we may not be able to effectively integrate the acquired business, technology, systems, control environment, solutions,
personnel or operations into our business or not be able to achieve projected results or support the amount of consideration paid for
such acquired businesses or invested in such transactions. In addition, we may incur unexpected costs, claims or liabilities during the
strategic transaction or that we assume from the acquired company, or we may discover adverse conditions post- acquisition for which
we have limited or no recourse, and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any strategic transaction. 



   

 If we fail to establish and maintain an
effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any inability to
report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common
stock. 

   

 Effective internal control is necessary for us
to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not
be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation
with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations and access to capital. 

   

 

 
     19 
       
     

   

 Unstable market and economic conditions
may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and share price. 

   

 The global economy, including credit and financial
markets, has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines
in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, inflation rates higher than historical norms, higher interest rates, bank failures
and uncertainty about economic stability. For example, recent bank failures have resulted in volatility in the capital markets. Similarly,
the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as the war between Israel and Hamas, has created extreme volatility
in the global capital markets and are expected to have continuing global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply
chain and energy markets. Any such volatility and disruptions may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely.
If the equity and credit markets were to further deteriorate, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary
financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Higher than anticipated inflation
rates have and are expected to continue to adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including labor and employee benefit costs, and
costs for equipment and system components associated with system development. In addition, higher inflation could also increase our customers’
operating costs, which could result in reduced budgets for our customers and potentially less demand for our systems. Any significant
increases in inflation and related increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Even if inflation and interest rates decline from current levels, that may not result in a reduction of costs. 

   

 We are subject to governmental export and
import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability
if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 

   

 Our products and services are subject to U.S.
export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various
economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. U.S. export
control and economic sanctions laws include restrictions or prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products, technologies, and
services to U.S. Government embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. In addition, certain products and technology
may be subject to export licensing or approval requirements. Exports of our products and technology must be made in compliance with export
control and sanctions laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could
be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges, fines that which may
be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. 

   

 In addition, various countries regulate the import
of certain encryption technology, including through import permit and license requirements and have enacted laws that could limit our
ability to distribute our products and technologies or could limit our end customers’ ability to implement our services in those
countries. Changes in our products or technologies or changes in applicable export or import laws and regulations also may create delays
in the introduction and sale of our products and technologies in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export or import
of our products and technologies to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import laws and regulations,
shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws and regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted
by such laws and regulations could also result in decreased use of our products and services or in our decreased ability to export or
sell our products and services to existing or potential customers. Any decreased use of our products and services or limitation on our
ability to export or sell our products and services would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 We expect to incur significant costs in complying
with these regulations. Regulations related to quantum computing are currently evolving and we face risks associated with changes to these
regulations. 

   

 We may become subject to product liability
claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims. 

   

 We may become subject to product liability claims,
even those without merit, which could harm our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We may face inherent risk
of exposure to claims in the event that our products do not perform as expected or malfunction. A successful product liability claim against
us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity
about our quantum computers and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of other future quantum computers, which would have
material adverse effects on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. Any insurance coverage might not be sufficient to cover
all potential product liability claims. Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages either in excess of our coverage, or outside
of our coverage, may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. We may not be able to secure
additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we
do face liability for our products and are forced to make a claim under our policy. 

   


 
     20 
       
     

   

 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

   

 Any failure to obtain, maintain and protect
our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect and commercialize our proprietary products and technology and cause
us to lose our competitive advantage. 

   

 Our success depends, in significant part, on our
ability to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend our intellectual property rights, including patents and trade secrets. We rely upon a
combination of the intellectual property protections afforded by patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States
and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements and other contractual protections, to establish, maintain and enforce rights in
our proprietary technologies. In addition, we seek to protect our intellectual property rights through nondisclosure and invention assignment
agreements with our employees and consultants and through non-disclosure agreements with business partners and other third parties. 

   

 However, we may not be able to prevent unauthorized
use of our intellectual property. Our trade secrets may also be compromised, which could cause us to lose our competitive advantage. Third
parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain, use or infringe our intellectual property. 

   

 Monitoring and detecting unauthorized use of our
intellectual property is difficult and costly, and the steps we have taken or take in the future to prevent infringement or misappropriation
may not be sufficient. Any enforcement efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert
management’s attention, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, existing intellectual
property laws and contractual remedies may afford less protection than needed to safeguard our intellectual property portfolio, and third
parties may develop competitive offerings in a manner that leaves us with limited means to enforce our intellectual property rights against
them. 

   

 Patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret
laws vary significantly throughout the world. A number of foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent
as do the laws of the United States. Therefore, our intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of
the United States and efforts to protect against the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, technology and other proprietary
rights may be more expensive and difficult outside of the United States. 

    

 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual
property rights could result in our competitors using our intellectual property to offer products, potentially resulting in the loss of
some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

   

 Our inability to secure patent protection
or enforce our patent rights could have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercializing similar products
or technology. 

   

 The application and registration of patents involves
complex legal and factual questions. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will result in patents
being issued or that our patents (including licensed patents) and any future patents that do issue will afford protection against competitors
with similar technology. Numerous patents and pending patent applications owned by others exist in the fields in which we have developed
and are developing our products and services, and this may make it difficult for us to obtain certain patent coverage on our own. Any
of our existing or pending patents may also be challenged by others on the basis that they are otherwise invalid or unenforceable. Furthermore,
patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United States,
and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued U.S. patents will be issued. 

   

 

 
     21 
       
     

   

 Even if our patent applications succeed, it is
still uncertain whether these patents (or any of the issued patents exclusively licensed to us) will be contested, circumvented, invalidated,
found to be unenforceable or limited in scope in the future. The rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with meaningful
protection or competitive advantages. The intellectual property rights of others could bar us from licensing and exploiting any patents
that issue from our pending applications, and the claims under any patents that issue from our patent applications may not be broad enough
to prevent others from developing technologies that are similar or that achieve results similar to ours. In addition, patents issued to
us may be infringed upon or designed around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of
which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

   

 We may face patent infringement and other
intellectual property claims that could be costly to defend, result in injunctions and significant damage awards, or limit our ability
to use certain key technologies in the future, all of which could harm our business. 

   

 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to
develop and commercialize our products and services without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property
rights of third parties. However, we may not be aware that our products, services or technologies are infringing, misappropriating or
otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights and such third parties may bring claims alleging such infringement, misappropriation
or violation. 

   

 For example, there may be issued patents of which
we are unaware, held by third parties that, if found to be valid and enforceable, could be alleged to be infringed by our current or future
products, services or technologies. Also, because patent applications can take years to issue and are often afforded confidentiality for
some period of time, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that later result in issued patents that could cover
our current or future products, services or technologies. The strength of our defenses will depend on the rights asserted, the interpretation
of these rights, and our ability to invalidate the asserted rights. However, we could be unsuccessful in advancing non-infringement and/or
invalidity arguments in our defense. 

   

 Although we carry general liability insurance,
our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed.
We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot ensure that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these
claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating
results. Further, there could be public announcements of the intellectual property litigation, and if securities analysts, investors or
others perceive the potential impact to be negative or risks to be substantial, it could have an adverse effect on the price of our common
stock. The occurrence of infringement claims may grow as the market for our products, services and technologies grows. Accordingly, our
exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources. 

   

 Cybersecurity risks and the failure to maintain
the integrity of data belonging to the Company could expose us to data loss, litigation and liability, and our reputation could be significantly
harmed. 

   

 We may from time to time collect and retain large
volumes of data relating to our business and from our customers for business purposes, including for transactional and promotional purposes,
and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such data. The integrity and protection of this data
is critical to our business. Maintaining compliance with the evolving regulations and requirements applicable to data security and information
privacy protection could be difficult and may increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional,
inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of data relating to our
company or our employees, independent distributors or preferred customers, which could harm our reputation, disrupt our operations, or
result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits. 

   

 Remote work has become
more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections,
computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. In addition,
future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities,
as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities’ systems and technologies.
Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it
may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 

   

 

 
     22 
       
     

   

 Computer malware, viruses, hacking, phishing
attacks and spamming could harm our business and results of operations. 

   

 Computer malware, viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in our services and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data.
Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks against business networks have become more prevalent and may occur on
our systems in the future. 

   

 Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our internal
systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation or brand. Our network security business
disruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to direct attacks on our website or internal
systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of our
services. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure
to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our products and services and technical infrastructure may harm our
reputation, brand and our ability to attract customers. Any significant disruption to our website or internal computer systems could result
in a loss of customers and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

   

 We have previously experienced, and may in the
future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes,
third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity constraints. If our software application is unavailable when customers
attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, customers may seek other services. 

   

 Our quantum computer products rely on software
that is highly technical and complex and may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in
our software code may only be discovered after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code
after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems within an acceptable period of time or difficultly
maintaining and improving the performance of our platform, particularly during peak usage times, could result in damage to our reputation
or brand, loss of revenues, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

   

 We expect to continue to make significant investments
to maintain and improve the availability of our cloud- based products and services and to enable rapid releases of new features and products.
To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology
and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

   

 Growing our customer base depends upon the
effective operation of our applications with operating systems, networks and standards that we do not control. 

   

 We will be dependent on the interoperability of
our applications with operating systems that we do not control, and any changes in such systems that degrade our potential products’
functionality or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our applications on quantum processing
units. Additionally, in order to deliver high quality products, it is important that our products work well with a range of quantum computers,
conventional computers, systems, networks and standards that we do not control. We may not be successful in developing relationships with
key participants in the quantum computing industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems,
networks or standards.  

   

 We may not be able to protect our source
code from copying if there is an unauthorized disclosure of source code. 

   

 Source code, the detailed program commands for
our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. While, from time to time, we may license portions of our
application and operating system source code to one or more licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions
of our source code. However, if a significant portion of our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that
source code. It may become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect
our revenue and operating margins. 

   


 
     23 
       
     

   

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

   

 Our stock price has been and may continue
to be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 

   

 The market price of our common stock has in the
past and may going forward fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

   

 
 ● actions
by competitors; 
 
   

 
 ● actual
or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors; 
 
   

 
 ● the
public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”); 
 
   

 
 ● economic,
legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 
 
   

 
 ● any
future guidance that we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance or any difference between our guidance and actual results; 
 
   

 
 ● changes
in financial estimates or recommendations by any securities analysts who follow our common stock; 
 
   

 
 ● speculation
by the press or investment community regarding our business; 
 
   

 
 ● litigation; 
 
   

 
 ● changes
in key personnel; and 
 
   

 
 ● future
sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders. 
 
   

 In addition, the stock markets, including the
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) on which our common stock is listed, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These broad market fluctuations may
materially affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. Furthermore, the market for our common stock historically has
been limited and we cannot assure you that an active trading market will ever be developed or maintained. The price at which investors
purchase shares of our common stock may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. Market fluctuations and
volatility, as well as general economic, market and political conditions, could reduce our market price. As a result, these factors may
make it more difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares of our common stock for a positive return on your investment. In the
past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities
litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 

   


 
     24 
       
     

   

 Future sales of shares of our common stock,
or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. 

   

 The market price of our common stock could decline
significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock. In addition, if our significant stockholders sell
a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our stock could decline. Any issuance of additional
common stock by us in the future, or warrants or options to purchase our common stock, if exercised, would result in dilution to our existing
stockholders. Such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium to the then-current trading price of our common
stock. Moreover, the perception in the public market that stockholders might sell shares of our stock or that we could make a significant
issuance of additional common stock in the future could depress the market for our shares. These sales, or the perception that these sales
might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future
at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.  

   

 “Penny stock” rules may make
buying or selling our common stock difficult, which may make our stock less liquid and make it harder for investors to buy and sell our
securities. 

   

 Trading in our common stock is subject to the
SEC’s “penny stock” rules and we expect that trading in our common stock will continue to be subject to the penny stock
rules for the foreseeable future. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that
has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules would require that any broker-dealer that
recommends our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors must, prior to the sale, make a special written
suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an
exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule
explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer.
The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in
our common stock, which could severely limit the liquidity of, and consequently adversely affect the market price for, our common stock. 

   

 Sales of our currently issued and outstanding
stock may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a depressive effect on the price
of the shares of our common stock. 

   

 A substantial minority of our outstanding shares
of common stock are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. In addition, we have
issued notes that are convertible into shares of our common stock in connection with financing transactions and certain employment, director
and consultant agreements, which shares of common stock, upon conversion, would also be considered “restricted securities.”
As restricted securities, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of
Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144
provides in essence that an Affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(1)) of an issuer who has held restricted securities for
a period of at least six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares
that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company’s outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during
the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. Rule 144 also permits, under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitation,
by a person who is not an Affiliate of the company and who has satisfied a one-year holding period. The resale of significant amounts
of our common stock under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, if available,
or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, could cause the market price of our shares of common stock to decline
significantly. 

   


 
     25 
       
     

   

 We currently do not intend to pay dividends
on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates . 

   

 We currently do not expect to declare or pay dividends
on our common stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends
on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment will be if the market price of our common
stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

   

 You may experience dilution of your ownership
interest due to the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 

   

 We are in a capital-intensive business and we
do not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or the costs of our development projects or to support our projected
capital expenditures indefinitely. As a result, we will very likely require additional funds from future equity or debt financings, which
may include the issuance of shares of preferred stock, convertible debt, or warrants to purchase shares of common stock, to purchase capital
equipment, complete the development of new products and pay the general and administrative costs of our business. We may in the future
issue our previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of holders of our common
stock. We are currently authorized to issue 250,000,000 shares of common stock. The potential issuance of such additional shares of common
stock or of preferred stock or convertible debt may create downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. We may also issue
additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings
or private placements for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. The future issuance of a substantial number of shares
of common stock or the sale of a substantial number of shares in the public market, or the perception that such issuances or sales could
occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. A decline in the market price of our common stock could
make it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings of our common shares or securities convertible into common stock. 

   

 In addition, these new securities could contain
provisions, such as priorities on distributions and voting rights, that could affect the value of our existing common stock. 

    

 Our executive officers and directors possess
significant voting power with respect to our common stock, which will limit your influence on corporate matters. 

   

 As of March 28, 2024, our directors and executive officers collectively
beneficially own approximately 31.8% of the shares of our common stock including the beneficial ownership of Mr. Liscouski of 3.5% of
the shares of our common stock and Dr. Yuping Huang of 25.0% of the shares of our common stock. 

   

 As a result, our insiders have the ability to
significantly influence our management and affairs through the election and removal of the members of our board of directors (the “Board”)
and all other matters requiring stockholder approval, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of
our assets. This concentrated voting power could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change-of-control
transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. Furthermore, this concentrated control will limit the practical effect
of your influence over our business and affairs, through any stockholder vote or otherwise. Any of these effects could depress the market
price of our common stock. 

   


 
     26 
       
     

   

 Our articles of incorporation grant the
Board the power to issue additional shares of common and preferred shares and to designate other classes of preferred shares, all without
stockholder approval. 

   

 Our authorized capital consists of 260,000,000
shares of capital stock of which 10,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock. The Board, without any action by our stockholders,
may designate and issue shares of preferred stock in such series as it deems appropriate and establish the rights, preferences and privileges
of such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights, provided it is consistent with Delaware law. 

   

 The rights of holders of our preferred stock that
may be issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our shares of common stock. The designation and issuance of shares of capital
stock having preferential rights could adversely affect other rights appurtenant to shares of our common stock. Furthermore, any issuances
of additional stock (common or preferred) will dilute the percentage of ownership interest of then-current holders of our capital stock
and may dilute our book value per share. 

   

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

   

 Not applicable 

   

 ITEM 1C.
CYBERSECURITY 

   

 A robust and consistent
approach to cybersecurity is critical to achieving our strategic business objectives and protecting our intellectual property. As an advanced
technology company developing quantum photonic products, we face a wide range of cybersecurity threats such as ransomware and denial-of-service
attacks that affect most industry sectors, to attacks from highly sophisticated adversaries, including nation state actors, that target
dual-use advanced technologies such as quantum computing. Our customers, suppliers and other business partners face similar cybersecurity
threats, and a cybersecurity incident impacting us or any of these entities could materially adversely affect our operations, performance
and results of operations. We are continually evaluating best practices and methods to protect the Company from a wide range of potential
threats. Due to the risks that these cybersecurity threats pose to our business, we are investing in cyber defense systems and training
programs. 

   

 The Board, through the
Risk Committee, oversees the Company’s processes for identifying and mitigating risks, including cybersecurity risks. Company management
periodically briefs the Board on our cybersecurity and information security policies and plans, and the Board is apprised of cybersecurity
incidents deemed to have a moderate or higher business impact. In the event of an incident, the Company has developed an incident response
plan, which sets forth the steps to be followed from incident detection and assessment to mitigation, recovery and notification and reporting,
including notifying functional areas (e.g. legal), as well as senior leadership and the Board, as appropriate. 

   

 We continue to evaluate
our cybersecurity requirements to address the evolving cybersecurity risks that the Company faces in an increasingly technically capable
environment. The Company has implemented policies for its personnel, including awareness programs, travel security programs and other
related cybersecurity best practices. The information technology team manages the Company’s cybersecurity policies, including employee
training, with the ultimate goal of preventing cybersecurity incidents, if possible, while also maintaining IT system performance and data
integrity to minimize the business impact should an incident occur. The Company is coordinating closely with the Board’s Risk Committee
to ensure that the Company will implement the appropriate cybersecurity technologies to protect the Company and its intellectual property. 

   

 Third parties play an
important role in our cybersecurity program. We engage third-party services to conduct evaluations of our security controls, including
penetration testing and consulting on best practices. The third-party services include testing both the design and operational effectiveness
of security controls. 

   

 Although we take cybersecurity
risks seriously, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect
on the Company. While the Company maintains cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to cybersecurity threats or disruptions may not
be fully insured. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for a discussion of cybersecurity risks. 

   

 

 
     27 
       
     

   

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

   

 We maintain our current principal office at 5
Marine View Plaza, Suite 214, Hoboken, NJ 07030. The Company leases 7,503 square feet of office and laboratory space in a multistory,
multi-tenant building in Hoboken, NJ under a five-year lease. Additionally, the Company has a fully executed lease for 9,261 square feet
of office, laboratory and clean room space in a multi-tenant building in Tempe, AZ for 51-months, which will commence upon substantial
completion of tenant improvements. The Company also has multiple leases or membership agreements in multi-tenant facilities that provides
24/7 furnished co-working space, conference room space, and other services on an as-needed basis, including approximately 350 square feet
under a month-to-month lease in Leesburg, VA, approximately 300 square feet under a short-term agreement in Arlington, VA, and approximately
450 square feet under an annual operating lease in Minneapolis, MN. 

   

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

   

 Except as listed below, there is no action, suit,
or proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the
executive officers of the Company or our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company, our common stock, our subsidiaries,
or the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect on the Company.  

   

 BV Advisory Partners, LLC (“BV Advisory”)
was purportedly a shareholder of QPhoton, the predecessor in interest to QPhoton, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (both
referred to as “QPhoton” in this Legal Proceedings discussion). On October 13, 2022, BV Advisory filed a petition in the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware seeking appraisal rights on the shares of common stock of QPhoton it allegedly owns (which shares
represented 10% of the shares of common stock of QPhoton outstanding immediately prior to the Company’s acquisition of QPhoton)
pursuant to Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The parties are currently engaged in discovery and the
Company does not have sufficient information to assess the potential impact of the appraisal demand at this time. 

   

 In addition, on March 1, 2021, QPhoton entered
into a Note Purchase Agreement with BV Advisory. Under the Note Purchase Agreement, on March 1, 2021, March 23, 2021 and July 9, 2021,
QPhoton and BV Advisory entered into convertible promissory notes for $200,592, $150,000, and $150,000, respectively, for a total of $500,592
(the “BV Notes”). The BV Notes all bore interest at a rate of 6% per annum and matured two years from the grant date. 

   

 On June 16, 2022, the effective date of our acquisition
of QPhoton, QPhoton tendered a cashier’s check to BV Advisory in the amount of $535,684.24, representing the full principal balance
of the BV Notes and accrued interest through June 16, 2022. BV subsequently filed suit against the Company disputing the calculation of
the payment amount and asserting other claims. 

   

 On August 16, 2022, BV Advisory filed a complaint
in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware naming the Company and certain of its directors and officers (among others) as defendants
(the “Lawsuit”). BV Advisory is seeking, among other relief, monetary damages for an alleged breach of the Note Purchase Agreement
between BV Advisory and QPhoton, as well as monetary damages for alleged breach of an alleged binding letter of intent among Barksdale
Global Holdings, LLC (“BGH”), Inference Ventures, LLC (“Inference Ventures”) and QPhoton. BV Advisory and its
affiliates claim that pursuant to the letter of intent they had the right to acquire additional shares in QPhoton by investing $2.5 million
in QPhoton. BV Advisory claims QPhoton refused to allow BV Advisory to purchase the equity.  However, BV Advisory never made the
additional investment in QPhoton. The Company believes that BV Advisory’s claims have no merit and intends to defend itself vigorously.
Moreover, the Company believes that numerous alleged facts and characterizations set forth in BV Advisory’s complaint are false,
misleading and intentionally designed to damage the Company’s reputation, and the Company categorically rejects those alleged facts
and characterizations. The Company further believes that Mr. Barksdale misrepresented his role with QPhoton and his authority to negotiate
on behalf of QPhoton in order to arrogate to BV Advisory and related parties a larger share of the QPhoton merger consideration. The Company
has filed a motion to dismiss the Lawsuit, and that motion to dismiss is currently under consideration by the court. 

   

 

 
     28 
       
     

   

 On December 30, 2022 the Company, QPhoton and
Robert Liscouski (the “Quantum Plaintiffs”) filed suit in the Superior Court of New Jersey (the “NJ Court”) against
Keith Barksdale, Michael Kotlarz, BV Advisory, BGH, Power Analytics Global Corporation (“PAG”), and Inference Ventures (and
together with Barksdale, Kotlarz, BV Advisory, BGH, and PAG the “BV Defendants”), alleging fraud, aiding and abetting fraud,
defamation, and conspiracy to defraud, seeking monetary and injunctive relief. The Company claims that the BV Defendants have made numerous
public statements defaming the Company and its management in furtherance of a plan to manipulate the trading prices of the Company’s
common stock, and that the BV Defendants misrepresented their ownership in QPhoton and conspired to acquire additional shares of QPhoton
at the Company’s expense. The BV Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on March 24, 2023, and on June 5, 2023, the
NJ Court largely denied the BV Defendants’ motion.  On January 31, 2024, the BV Defendants filed a motion for reconsideration
of their motion to dismiss. On March 7, 2024, the NJ Court issued an order, granting the BV Defendant’s motion dismissing the Company’s
case on procedural grounds because, according to the NJ Court, the Company can assert its claims. The Company has 45 days in which to
file an appeal and is evaluating whether it should file the claims in Delaware or appeal the NJ Court’s ruling. The Company does
not have sufficient information at this time to assess the potential impact of the action against the BV Defendants. 

   

 On July 27, 2023, BV Advisory and its managing
member, Keith Barksdale, as alleged stockholders of and claimants against the Company, filed a petition in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware to appoint a receiver for the Company based on allegations that the Company is insolvent due to purported poor corporate
governance and cash management. The petition also objects to the Company’s approach to raising capital. In a related motion, the
petitioners also sought expedited treatment of the petition on July 28, 2023, alleging that they face a threat of irreparable harm. The
Company strongly disagrees with the allegations in the petition and plans to vigorously defend ourselves against these claims. On August
23, 2023, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the petition and on September 13, 2023, it submitted a brief in opposition to the motion
to expedite. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against the allegations in the petition. The Company’s motion to dismiss
and BV Advisory’s motion for expedited treatment were argued before the Court on October 11, 2023. The Court denied BV Advisory’s
motion to expedite and took the Company’s motion to dismiss under advisement. 

   

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
     29 
       
     



 
   

 PART II 

   

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

   

 Market Information 

   

 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “QUBT” and commenced trading on July 15, 2021. 

   

 Authorized Capital 

   

 The Company is authorized by its Certificate of Incorporation to issue
an aggregate of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred, of which
1,550,000 shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 3,079,864 shares are designated as Series B Preferred Stock.
As of March 28, 2024, 91,357,640 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, 1,407,221 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of Series B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. 

    

 Holders of Common Equity 

   

 As of March 28, 2024, there were approximately
263 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because shares of our common stock are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees,
the number of beneficial holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of record. 

   

 Dividend Information 

   

 We have not paid any cash dividends to our holders
of common stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of the Board and depends upon our earnings, if any,
our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic condition, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention
not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

   

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

   

 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we have
issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, all of which were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

   

 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

   

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

   

 The following discussion and analysis of the
results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our discussion
includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors. See “Forward-Looking Statements.” 

   

 You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related
notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 

   

 When we say “we,” “us,”
“our,” “Company,” or “QCi,” we mean Quantum Computing Inc. 

   

 Overview 

   

 QCi is a development stage company with limited
operations and revenue.  The Company is developing quantum machines for high-performance computing applications based on proprietary
photonics technology. QCi’s products are designed to operate at room temperature and low power at an affordable cost in the areas
of high-performance computing, sensing and imaging, and quantum cybersecurity. The Company has generated some revenue based on sales
of products and related services to date and is expanding its sales and marketing efforts. The Company’s development team includes
optical engineers, mathematicians, physicists, and software developers.  

   


 
     30 
       
     

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 Years Ended December 31, 2023 vs. December
31, 2022 

   

 Revenues 

   

 
   
         
     For the   Twelve Months Ended   December 31,  2023     
     For the   Twelve Months Ended   December 31,  2022     
         
   
     (In thousands)   
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Change   
   
     Products   
       4,500     
       1 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
   
         
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Services   
       353,547     
       99 %   
       135,648     
       100 %   
       % 
   
     Total   
     $ 358,047     
       100 %   
     $ 135,648     
       100.0 %   
       % 
   


   

 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023
were $358,047 compared to $135,648 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of $222,399, or 164%. Revenue was derived from sales
of hardware products and professional services in 2023, and solely from professional services in 2022, in each case provided to multiple
commercial and government customers under multi-month contracts; the year-over-year change was riven by increases in short-term contractual
service revenue. In 2023, QCi continued to execute its business strategy to provide quantum-ready solutions for solving real-world problems. 
While we have made significant progress toward this overarching objective, the generation of revenue from customers has been slow to develop,
in part due to the fact that quantum computing is a cutting-edge technology for most potential customers, who are therefore proceeding
cautiously with small, exploratory contracts to better understand its applicability to their requirements. Accordingly, the Company has
focused on providing professional services to introduce customers to quantum-based solutions to their operating needs, and on customer
education and building customer awareness as a means to generating sales. The Company has completed its discovery and research phase and
is now transitioning towards commercialization. We have developed and released multiple products and are now in the process of marketing
them. We expect revenues to increase meaningfully in 2024 as we continue to emphasize our hardware capability.  

   

 Cost of Revenues 

   

 Cost of revenues, which consists of labor consumed
to fulfill our obligations under contractual service agreements as well as the component parts of finished goods sold, was $195,640 for
the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $60,934 for the prior year, an increase of $134,706, or 221%. Cost of revenues for each of
the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2022 consists primarily of salary expense. The increase for 2023 was predominantly driven by the
execution of new government service contracts. Cost of revenue for these services was contractually structured and limited to the direct
salaries and actual hours worked to fulfill the work orders. Rates for these services remained materially unchanged year over year, with
contract volume being the driver of growth. 

   

 Gross Margin 

   

 Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2023
was $162,407 compared to $74,714 for the prior year, an increase of $87,693, or 117%. On a percentage basis, gross margin was 45%, a decrease
of 10% year-over-year. The change was nearly entirely the result of the shift to contractual service revenue where the cost of goods sold
was defined under the terms of our general professional services obligation. Our lack of a scaled and distributed base of revenue generation
by product and sales channel can result in large swings in gross margin between reporting periods. 

   

 

 
     31 
       
     

   

 Operating Expenses 

   

 Operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2023 were $27,383,684 compared to $36,654,056 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of $9,270,372 or 25%. The decrease
in operating expenses was almost entirely driven by a $9,038,701 decrease in stock-based compensation expenses, which was driven mainly
by higher value stock option awards in 2022 compared to 2023. Decreases of $1,399,208 in selling, general and administrative expenses,
primarily as a result of $574,428 through stream-lining of marketing activities and sales roles, and $704,975 in professional services,
primarily as a result of non-recurring legal expenses during 2022 related to the QPhoton Merger, also contributed to the decrease in operating
expenses during 2023 compared to the prior year. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in research and development spending
year-over-year of $1,885,909 driven by increased salary expenses as the Company expanded its capability to deliver commercialized hardware
products. 

   

 Net Loss 

   

 Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023
was $29,730,672 compared to a net loss of $38,593,700 for the prior year, a decrease of $8,863,029 or 23%. The decrease in net loss is
primarily due to the decrease in operating expenses, noted above, partially offset by $513,709 net increase in financing costs driven
by amortization of the $750,000 original issue discount included in the principal balance of the unsecured promissory note (the “Streeterville
Unsecured Note”) that we issued to Streeterville Capital, LLC in the initial principal amount of $8,250,000 in September 2022, which
bears interest at 10% per annum. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   We have incurred net losses and experienced negative
cash flows from operations since inception. To date, since February 2018, the Company has raised $57,424,924 through private placements
of equity and $12,633,000 through private placements of Convertible Promissory Notes and other debt for a total of $70,057,924 through
December 31, 2023. The Company has no lines of credit, and $2,496,480 in short-term debt obligations outstanding. We expect to incur additional
losses and higher operating expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development and go-to-market
programs. We have determined that additional financing will be required to fund our operations for the next 12 months and our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining additional capital and financing. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents of $2,059,285. 
 

   

 Our primary uses of cash are to fund our operations
as we continue to grow our business. We will require a significant amount of cash for expenditures as we invest in ongoing research and
development and non-linear quantum optical chips and fund business operations. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue
from sales or subscriptions of our hardware offerings, we expect to finance our cash needs through public and/or private equity and/or
debt financings or other capital sources, including but not limited to U.S. government grant and loan programs. However, we may be unable
to raise sufficient funds or enter into such other arrangements, when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. In particular, uncertain
and unfavorable conditions in the United States and global macroeconomic environment, including inflationary pressures, rising interest
rates, banking collapses, and financial and credit market fluctuations, could reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms,
or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest
of our stockholders will be, or could be, diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that
adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that
include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures
or declaring dividends. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to
delay, limit, or substantially reduce our quantum computing development and go-to-market efforts. 

   

 The following table summarizes total current assets,
liabilities and working capital at December 31, 2023, compared to December 31, 2022: 

   

 
   
         
     December 31,  2023     
     December 31,  2022     
     Increase/ 
(Decrease)   
   
     Current Assets   
     $ 3,181,748     
     $ 5,728,536     
     $ (2,546,788 ) 
   
     Current Liabilities   
     $ 4,619,637     
     $ 5,319,245     
     $ (699,608 ) 
   
     Working Capital (Deficit)   
     $ (1,437,889 )   
     $ 409,291     
     $ (1,847,180 ) 
   


   

 

 
     32 
       
     

   

 At December 31, 2023, we had a working capital
deficit of $2,546,788 as compared to working capital of $409,29 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of $1,847,180. The decrease in working
capital is primarily attributable to the use of cash to pay for operating expenses and capital investments in property and equipment,
satisfaction of accrued expense liabilities and the Streeterville Unsecured Note becoming a current portion of long-term debt payable. 

   

 Our independent registered
public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31, 2023, noting the existence of substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This uncertainty arose from management’s
review of our results of operations and financial condition and its conclusion that, based on our operating plans, we did not have sufficient
existing working capital to sustain operations for a period of twelve months from the date of the issuance of these financial statements. 

   

 Cash Flows 

   

 Net cash used in operating activities for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $19,940,521 and $17,240,117, respectively, in each case primarily as a result of our net loss
in each year offset by noncash adjustments for stock-based compensation, depreciation of property, plant and equipment and amortization
of intangibles. 

   

 Net cash used in investing activities for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $2,617,990 and $2,225,758, respectively. Cash used in investing activities during the year
ended December 31, 2023 was attributable to acquisition of laboratory and production equipment for $2,117,990 and our $500,000 loan to
millionways, Inc (“millionways”). in June 2023. On June 6, 2023, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with millionways
pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from millionways up to three unsecured promissory in an aggregate principal amount of
up to $2,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. On June 6, 2023, the Company purchased the notes from millionways and loaned
it an aggregate principal amount of $500,000. This followed the Company’s entry into a Summary of Proposed Terms with millionways
on May 16, 2023, to provide bridge loans to millionways and enter into due diligence to acquire up to 100% of the AI firm. 

   

 Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2023 was $19,309,330 compared to $8,035,684 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash provided by financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2023 was attributable to $25,496,364 received from the sale of shares of our common stock
through our At-The-Market (ATM) facility, managed by Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC (net the 3% fee paid to Ascendiant Capital Markets,
LLC), partially offset by repayments of $6,187,034 on the Streeterville Unsecured Note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash
provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to the funds we received from the issuance of the Streeterville Unsecured
Note. 

   

 The Company has funded our operations primarily
through the sale of our equity (or equity linked) and debt securities. As of March 28, 2024, we had cash on hand of approximately $6,554,651.
We have approximately $74,977 in monthly lease and other mandatory payments, not including payroll, employee benefits and ordinary expenses
which are due monthly. 

   

 On a long-term basis, our liquidity is dependent
on continuation and expansion of operations and receipt of revenues. Demand for the products and services will be dependent on, among
other things, market acceptance of our products and services, the technology market in general, and general economic conditions, which
are cyclical in nature. In as much as a major portion of our activities will be the receipt of revenues from the sales of our products
and services, our business operations may be adversely affected by our competitors and prolonged recession periods. 

   


 
     33 
       
     

   

 Critical Accounting Estimates 

   

 Certain of our accounting policies require the
application of significant judgment by our management, and such judgments are reflected in the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated
financial statements. In applying these policies, our management uses judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in
the determination of estimates. Those estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of
market trends, information provided by our strategic partners and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Actual
results may differ significantly from the estimates contained in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Fair Value of Options and Derivatives 

   

 The Company uses the Black-Scholes model to calculate
the fair value of stock options and derivatives. The Black-Scholes model, developed in 1973, is a differential equation which requires
five input variables, the strike price of an option, the current stock price, the time to expiration, the risk-free rate, and the volatility
of the Company common stock. The Black-Scholes model is widely used for pricing options but it does rely on certain assumptions about
the market which may not be correct over time. Specifically, 

   

 
 ● No
dividends are paid out during the life of the option. 
 

   

 
 ● Markets
are random (i.e., market movements cannot be predicted). 
 

   

 
 ● There
are no transaction costs in buying the option. 
 

   

 
 ● The risk-free
rate and volatility of the underlying asset are known and constant. 
 

   

 
 ● The
returns of the underlying asset are normally distributed. 
 

   

 
 ● The
option is European and can only be exercised at the expiration date. 
 


   

 To the extent that any of these assumptions is
not correct, that could result in the overpricing or underpricing of the stock options involved. The assumption that the risk-free rate
(the Company uses the one-year U.S. Treasury Bill rate as a proxy for the risk-free rate) can vary over time, and if the T-Bill rate varies
substantially over the life of the stock option that could affect the pricing. Similarly, the volatility of the Company’s common
stock, also known as the Beta, has moved within a limited range over the past year, but the volatility of any security can change over
time, which would affect the option pricing calculation. Another critical estimate relating to option pricing is the default rate, which
means the estimate of granted options that will either expire unexercised, or be forfeited, over the life of the stock options. If the
Company’s estimate of the default rate turns out to be substantially different from the actual, experienced default rate, that could
result in over- or under-estimating the total option expense. 

   

 The Black-Scholes model is not the only available
approach for pricing stock options, the Company could have used a Binomial pricing model or a Monte Carlo simulation model. However, there
is no assurance that either a Binomial or Monte Carlo pricing approach would be more accurate than the Black-Scholes model over time.
Moreover, both the Binomial model, which calculates the price of an option at each point in time during the option period, or the Monte
Carlo model, which simulates the possible movements in future stock prices and uses them to calculate the option value, rely on critical
assumptions. The Binomial model assumes that stock markets are perfectly efficient, which may not hold for all periods of time. The Monte
Carlo simulation model assumes changes in stock prices over time cannot be predicted from the historical trends (known as a “random
walk”), which also may not hold for all periods. 

   


 
     34 
       
     

   

 Fair Market Value and Useful Life of Intangible
Assets 

   Another area of critical accounting estimates
involves determining the fair market value and useful life of the intangible assets acquired by the Company through the merger with QPhoton.
In the absence of market pricing for the intangible assets, the Company relied on independent third-party appraisal experts and comparison
with similar transactions to arrive at estimates of value as well as useful life. The Company will perform periodic assessments of the
intangible assets for impairment, but if any of the initial estimates are incorrect, that could result in a calculation of amortization
expense that is too high or too low. 
 

   

 Legal and Other Contingencies 

   

 The outcomes of legal
proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a
legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred
and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors,
the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these
factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 

    

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

   

 Not applicable. 

    

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

   

 Our consolidated financial statements are contained
in pages F-1 through F-23 which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

   

 None. 

   

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

   

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,”
as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures,
our management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls
and procedures, our management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

   

 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal
executive officer and our principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s
rules and forms, and (ii) such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Specifically, the Company
does not have sufficient accounting staff to enable proper segregation of duties.  

   


 
     35 
       
     

   

 Report of Management on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

   

 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management
and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 Material Weakness in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

   

 We have assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 

   

 Based on this assessment, management has determined
that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

   

 A material weakness,
as defined in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

   

 The ineffectiveness of
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are indicative of many
small companies with small number of staff: 

   

 
   
       
     (i) 
     inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     (ii) 
     inadequate controls related to revenue recognition; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     (iii) 
     
     insufficient written policies and procedures
    for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both U.S. GAAP and SEC Guidelines;
    and 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     (iv) 
     
     inadequate information technology general
    controls specifically related to security, segregation of duties, user access, restricted access and change management. 
   
   


 
     36 
       
     

   

 Management’s Plan to Remediate the
Material Weakness   

   

 The Company has been
implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses
are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The Company has formally documented its
procedures for many of the significant accounting and financial reporting processes, in addition to identifying and remediating design
deficiencies in its processes. The other remediation actions planned include: 

   

 
   
       
     (i) 
     implementation of controls to ensure revenue is recognized upon shipment; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     (ii) 
     further documentation and implementation of control procedures and the implementation of control monitoring; and 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     (iii) 
     
     identify and remedy
    gaps in our information technology general controls specifically related to the areas of security, segregation of duties, user
    access, restricted access and change management. 
   
   

 We are committed to maintaining
a strong internal control environment and believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant improvements in our control
environment. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our
internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing
additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

   

 Management’s report
on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company’s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that permit a Smaller Reporting Company to provide only Management’s report in this annual report, which may
increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

   

 Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 As discussed above, we
are implementing certain measures to remediate the material weaknesses identified in the design and operation of our internal control
over financial reporting. Other than those measures, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023 that materially affected our
internal control over financial reporting as of that date. 

   

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

   

 Rule 10b5-1 Trading
Plans 

   

 During the three months
ended December 31, 2023, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act)  adopted ,  terminated  or modified
the amount, pricing or timing provisions of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,”
as each term is defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
     37 
       
     

   

 PART III 

   

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

   

 Directors and Executive Officers 

   

 The following table contains information with
respect to our directors and executive officers. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers have an arrangement
or understanding with any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as a director or officer. There are no family relationships
between any of our directors or executive officers. Directors serve one-year terms. Our executive officers are appointed by and serve
at the pleasure of the Board. 

   

 
   
     Name 
       
     Current 
Age 
       
     Position 
   
     Dr. William J. McGann (1) 
       
     66 
       
     Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
     Christopher Boehmler 
       
     45 
       
     Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
     Robert Liscouski (2) 
       
     69 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors 
   
     Dr. Yuping Huang 
       
     44 
       
     Chief Quantum Officer and Director 
   
     Dr. Carl Weimer 
       
     62 
       
     Director  
   
     Robert Fagenson 
       
     75 
       
     Director  
   
     Michael Turmelle 
       
     64 
       
     Director 
   
   

 
 (1) Dr. McGann was appointed Chief Executive Officer effective February 1, 2024. 
 
 (2) Mr. Liscouski was terminated as Chief Executive Officer January 31, 2024. 

   

 Dr. William J. McGann, Chief Executive Officer
and President 

   

 Dr. McGann, age 66, is the Company’s Chief
Executive Officer. He was appointed to this role effective February 1, 2024, having previously served as the Company’s Chief Technology
Officer and Chief Operations Officer since January 2022 and as a Director of the Company from September 2021 to December 2021. Prior to
joining Quantum Computing, Dr. McGann was the Chief Technology Officer for the Security, Detection and Automation business at Leidos Holdings,
Inc., a provider of technical services, primarily to the U.S. government, from May 2019 to January 2022. Dr. McGann has a strong, directed
passion for transforming credible science into practical technology solutions in solving some of the world’s greatest challenges.
Prior to joining Leidos, Dr. McGann held numerous business and technology leadership positions and roles including (a) Founder of the
first explosives trace detection company, Ion Track Instruments, (b) Chief Technology Officer for GE Security, (c) VP of Engineering for
United Technologies Fire and Security business, (d) CEO and board member of Implant Sciences Corp., and (e) Chief Technology Officer at
L3Harris Aviation Security and Detection business. Dr. McGann holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Physics from the University of Connecticut and
undergraduate degrees in Chemistry and Biology. 

    

 Christopher Boehmler, Chief Financial Officer 

   

 Mr. Chris Boehmler, age 45, has served as the
Company’s Chief Financial Officer since July 1, 2023. Mr. Boehmler joined the Company as Controller in March 2022. He combines over
15 years of experience in public and private corporate finance in senior management positions for technology-driven and financial institutions,
primarily at Bridgewater Associates, LP and Intelsat. During this time, he also led the finance functions for two start-ups where he was
instrumental in raising private equity and performing due diligence on acquisition targets. His financial expertise spans capital markets,
planning & analysis, accounting operations, management and regulatory reporting, financial systems integrations, and Sarbanes Oxley
Act financial risks & controls. He started his career working in the investment banking division of Credit Suisse First Boston, followed
by strategic management consulting for Booz Allen Hamilton. Mr. Boehmler has an undergraduate degree in Economics with a minor in Germanic
Studies from the University of Chicago. 

   

 Robert Liscouski, Chairman of the Board 

   

 Mr. Liscouski, age 69, is the Chairman of the
Board; he has served in this position since February 2018. From March 2018 through January 2024 Mr. Liscouski served as the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and President. Prior to that Mr. Liscouski served as Chairman and Founder of Convergent Risk Group LLC, an enterprise
security risk management firm specializing in the convergence of physical and cyber risk, from January 2011 through May 2019 and as President
of Implant Sciences Corp., a public company that became a leader in the explosive trace detection industry culminating in the sale of
the technology to L3 Communications in January 2017. Mr. Liscouski is a proven security professional, thought leader and successful entrepreneur
with over 35 years of senior level security operational and company leadership experience in government and public and private companies. 

   


 
     38 
       
     

   

 Mr. Liscouski is a recognized security industry
leader in assessing, mitigating and managing physical and cybersecurity risk in private sector enterprises and state and federal government
agencies. Mr. Liscouski has extensive experience in leading innovative start up and turn around companies as well as building programs
for large government organizations and is recognized as a leader in identifying emerging security technologies. He serves as a “Trusted
Advisor” to senior officials within government and private sector, providing guidance in areas such as physical and cyber security,
crisis management, organizational development and strategic planning. Mr. Liscouski’s career has spanned local law enforcement,
senior government and private sector positions from operations to senior leadership and Boards of Directors. He served as a senior advisor
to the intelligence community and was appointed by President George W. Bush as the first Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection
at the Department of Homeland Security. Mr. Liscouski is a founder and Chairman of the Board of the National Child Protection Task Force,
a 501(c)(3) charitable organization, and served on the Board of Clean Coal Technologies Inc. (CCTC) from 2019 until December 2020. He
received his Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice from John Jay College and his MPA in Public Administration from the Kennedy
School of Government, Harvard University. Mr. Liscouski’s expertise in cybersecurity and technology innovation, as well as his leadership
experience in senior government positions and public and private businesses qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board and chairman
of the risk committee. 

   

 Dr. Yuping Huang, Chief Quantum Officer and
Director 

   

 Dr. Yuping Huang, age 44, is the Company’s
Chief Quantum Officer and a Director, and has held these positions since June 14, 2022. Dr. Huang has over 20 years of experience in
commercial and academic settings, with pioneering research in a wide spectrum of quantum physics, optics, and technology.  Prior
to joining the Company, Dr. Yuping founded QPhoton, where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2020 until its acquisition by the
Company in 2022.  QPhoton was a development stage company commercializing quantum photonic technology and devices to provide innovative
and practical quantum solutions for critical challenges facing big data, cyber, remote sensing, and healthcare industries. Dr. Huang
worked as a postdoctoral fellow, a research faculty member, and principal investigator at Northwestern University from 2009-2014. In
2014 he joined the faculty of Stevens Institute of Technology, where he continues to serve.  Dr. Huang is the founding director
of the Center for Quantum Science and Engineering and Gallagher Associate Professor of Physics at Stevens Institute of Technology. 
He received a Bachelor of Science in modern physics from the University of Science and Technology of China in 2004 and a PhD in quantum
AMO physics in 2009 from Michigan State University. Dr. Huang’s expertise in quantum physics and optics and leadership experience
in quantum research qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.   

   

 Dr. Carl Weimer, Director 

   

 Dr. Weimer, age 62, has been a director of the
Company since January 14, 2023. Dr. Weimer combines over 25 years of experience in the aerospace industry. Previously, he had been involved
in two companies in the aerospace industry, holding positions including Team Leader, Principal Investigator and Chief Technologist. From
1994 through 2000, Dr. Weimer was a Team Leader for Ophir Corporation, an aerospace optics company. From 2000 to 2018, he was a Team Leader
for Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., a spacecraft company, and in 2008 he was awarded a NASA Distinguished Public Service medal.
From 2018 to present, Dr. Weimer has been the Chief Technologist for the Ball Aerospace Civil Business Unit. In addition, from 2008 to
present, Dr. Weimer has been the Principal Investigator for the NASA Earth Science Technology Office, and he holds seven U.S. patents
in optical systems. Dr. Weimer received a Bachelor of Science degree from Harvey Mudd College (1984) and a Master of Science (1987) and
a PhD (1992) from Colorado State University, all in experimental Physics. Dr. Weimer’s expertise in advanced optics and leadership
experience in the aerospace industry qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board. 

   

 Robert Fagenson, Director 

   

 Mr. Fagenson, age 75, has been a director of the Company
since February 2021. Mr. Fagenson has served as a member of the board of directors of National Holdings Corporation (“NHC”),
a broker-dealer, since March 2012. He has served as vice chairman of the board of directors of NHC since September 2016. Mr. Fagenson
previously served as co-chief executive officer of NHC from January 3, 2017 to January 31, 2017, as chief executive officer and chairman
of the board of directors of NHC from December 2014 to September 2016, and as executive vice-chairman of the board of directors of NHC
from July 2012 to December 2014. Mr. Fagenson has been a branch owner at National Securities Corp, an operating company of NHC, since
2012, and president of Fagenson & Co., Inc., a family investment company, since 1982. Mr. Fagenson spent the majority of his career
at the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), where he was managing partner of one of the exchange’s largest specialist firms.
While at the NYSE, Mr. Fagenson served as a governor on the trading floor and was elected to the NYSE board of directors in 1993, where
he served for six years, eventually becoming vice chairman of the NYSE board of directors from 1998 to 1999 and 2003 to 2004. Mr. Fagenson
has served as director of the New York City Police Museum since 2005 and as director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association
Foundation since 2009. He has also served on the board of directors of Sigma Alpha Mu Foundation since 2011 and on the board of directors
of New York Edge since 2015. In addition, Mr. Fagenson served as the non-executive chairman of Document Security Systems, Inc. from 2012
to 2018 (NYSEMKT: DSS). He is currently a member of the alumni boards of the Whitman School of Business at Syracuse University. Mr. Fagenson
received his B.S. in Transportation Sciences & Finance from Syracuse University in 1970. Mr. Fagenson’s experience in the financial
services industry and in senior leadership positions qualifies him to serve as a member of the board and as chairman of the audit committee. 

   

 

 
     39 
       
     

   

 Michael Turmelle, Director 

   

 Mr. Turmelle, age 64, has been a director of the
Company since January 2022. Mr. Turmelle has served on the board of directors of Ideal Power Inc. since December 2017, and as chairman
of the Ideal Power board since 2021. From January 2018 through January 2024, Mr. Turmelle served as the Managing Director of Hayward Tyler,
a United Kingdom private equity-backed manufacturer and service provider of pumps and motors, which he joined in February 2015. Mr. Turmelle
also served on the boards of Hayward Tyler and Energy Steel (a Hayward Tyler subsidiary) from 2017 until January 2024. Hayward Tyler designs,
manufactures and services performance-critical electric motors and pumps to meet the most demanding of applications for the global energy
industry, as both an original equipment manufacturer supplier and trusted partner. Previously, Mr. Turmelle ran his own consulting company
working with start-ups and turn-arounds in the areas of renewable energy, medical and other advanced technologies. Mr. Turmelle has served
on numerous Board of Directors including the Board of Directors of Implant Sciences Corp., an explosive and narcotic trace detection company,
where he served as Chairman of the Board from 2015 to 2017. Mr. Turmelle was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and a
member of the Board of Directors of SatCon Technology Corp, a maker of energy management systems, from 1992 to 2005. Mr. Turmelle was
also on the Board of Directors of Beacon Power, a SatCon spin-off company dealing in flywheel energy storage, from 1996 to 2000. Mr. Turmelle
has a BA in Economics from Amherst College and is a graduate of General Electric’s Financial Management Program. Mr. Turmelle’s
experience as a public company director and executive as well as extensive experience in finance, business operations and technology,
qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board and as chairman of the compensation committee. 

   

 Family Relationships. 

   

 There are no family relationships between any
of our directors or executive officers. 

   

 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

   

 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company’s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of a class of securities registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive
officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of
all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 

   

 Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and
amendments thereto furnished to the Company during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including those reports that we have filed
on behalf of our directors and Section 16 officers, no director, Section 16 officer, beneficial owner of more than 10% of the outstanding
common stock, or any other person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, failed to file with the SEC on a timely basis during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, except (i) as previously disclosed by the Company, (ii) Robert Liscouski filed a Form 4 on July 7,
2023, which was delinquent, in connection with his sale of common stock, the earliest of which occurred on November 25, 2022. 

   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 The Company currently maintains a code of ethics
that applies to all directors, officers, and employees. A copy of our code of ethics can be found on our website at www.quantumcomputinginc.com.
We expect that any amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. 

   

 Board Composition and Director Independence 

   

 The Board consists of seven members, including
two vacant Board seats. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified. The Company defines “independent director” as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq listing
standards. 

   

 In making the determination of whether a member
of the board is independent, the Board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate
family and the Company, including those reported under the caption “ Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions .”
The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with
a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions,
the Board affirmatively determined that Robert Fagenson, Michael Turmelle and Carl Weimer are qualified as independent and that they have
no material relationship with us that might interfere with his exercise of independent judgment. 

   

 Board Committees; Audit Committee Financial
Expert; Stockholder Nominations 

   

 The Board has established an audit
committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each committee has its own charter, which
is available on our website at  www.quantumcomputing.com.  Each of the Board committees has the composition and
responsibilities described below. 

   

 Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until otherwise determined by the Board. 

   

 Robert Fagenson, Carl Weimer and Michael Turmelle
are our independent directors. 

   

 

 
     40 
       
     

   

 The members of each committee are, as follows: 

   

 Audit Committee: Robert Fagenson, Michael Turmelle
and Carl Weimer, with Mr. Fagenson serving as the Chairman. The Board has determined the Mr. Fagenson is currently qualified as an “audit
committee financial expert,” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Fagenson satisfies the heightened
standards for an independent director for audit committee purposes under Nasdaq’s listing rules. 

   

 Compensation Committee: Robert Fagenson and Michael
Turmelle. Mr. Turmelle serves as Compensation Committee Chairman. 

   

 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee:
Robert Fagenson and Michael Turmelle. Mr. Turmelle serves as the interim Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

   

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

   

 Our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. William McGann,
was the Chief Executive Officer of Implant Sciences Corporation, which filed a petition for bankruptcy on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware
Bankruptcy Court. 

   

 Our Board Chairman, Mr. Robert Liscouski, was
President of Implant Sciences Corporation, which filed a petition for bankruptcy on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court. 

   

 With the exception of the foregoing, to the best
of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

   

 
   
       
     ● 
     been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
   
   

 
   
       
     ● 
     been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     ● 
     been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 
   
   


 
     41 
       
     

   

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

   

 Summary Compensation Table 

   

 The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022. 

   

 2023 EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 

   

 
   
     Name and Principal Position   
     Year      
     Salary  ($)        
     Bonus  ($)     
     Stock  Awards  ($)     
     Option  Awards  ($)     
     All Other  Compensation  ($)     
     Total  ($)   
   
         
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
   
     Chris Boehmler (2)   
     2023   
       260,246     
       5,000     
       69,738     
       276,000     
       0     
       610,984   
   
     Chief Financial Officer (PFO)   
     2022   
       168,547     
       250     
       0     
       254,338     
       0     
       423,134   
   
         
         
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     William J. McGann (1)   
     2023   
       403,074     
       0     
       191,278     
       0     
       0     
       594,352   
   
     Chief Executive Officer and President (PEO)   
     2022   
       403,768     
       250     
       0     
       3,654,000     
       0     
       4,058,018   
   
         
         
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     Robert Liscouski (3)   
     2023   
       403,130     
       0     
       0     
       138,000     
       0     
       541,130   
   
     Chairman   
     2022   
       402,839     
       180,000     
       0     
       4,510,500     
       0     
       5,093,339   
   
         
         
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
   

   

 
 (1) Mr. Boehmler was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the
Company on July 1, 2023. 
 
 
 (2) Dr. McGann was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President
effective February 1, 2024; prior to that time, he served as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer. 
 
 
 (3) Mr. Liscouski was terminated as Chief Executive Officer and
President effective January 31. 2024. 
 

   


 
     42 
       
     

   

 Employment Agreements and Change-in-Control
Provisions 

   

 Executive Employment Agreements 

   

 Dr. McGann Employment Agreement 

   

 We entered into an employment agreement with Dr.
William J. McGann, our Chief Executive Officer, on January 2, 2022. Dr. McGann’s employment agreement is for a term of three years
unless terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Dr. McGann’s employment agreement provides for an annual base salary of $400,000,
subject to annual review and adjustment as determined by the Board or its compensation committee. Dr. McGann is also eligible to earn
an annual cash bonus in an amount of up to 37.5% of his base salary, subject to achieving certain performance milestones established and
approved by the Board. Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. McGann was granted options to purchase up to 535,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock, with one-third of the options vesting immediately upon grant and one-third vesting upon each of the first and second anniversary
of the date of grant. 

   

 Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement,
the Company may terminate Dr. McGann’s employment with or without Cause, as defined in the agreement, and Dr. McGann may terminate
his employment with or without Good Reason, as defined in the agreement, upon written notice to the Company as set forth in the agreement.
Upon termination of Dr. McGann’s employment by the Company without Cause or by Dr. McGann for Good Reason, the Company shall continue
to pay Dr. McGann his then current monthly base salary for 12 months from the date of termination. The Company must also continue Dr.
McGann’s coverage under and its contributions to his health care, dental, and life insurance benefits for six months, unless he
is or becomes covered by an equivalent benefit, and pay him a pro rata portion of any bonus he has earned prior to his termination. In
addition, if the Company terminates Dr. McGann’s employment without Cause or he terminates his employment for Good Reason within
12 months after a Change of Control, as define in the agreement, or an acquisition, then the Company must pay to Dr. McGann an additional
sum equal to 12 months of his base salary. 

   

 As a full-time employee of the Company, Dr. McGann
is eligible to participate in all of the Company’s bonus and benefit programs. 

   

 Mr. Boehmler Employment Agreement 

   

 We entered into an employment agreement with Mr.
Christopher Boehmler, our Chief Financial Officer, dated as of June 26, 2023, pursuant to which Mr. Boehmler serves as our Chief
Financial Officer. The agreement provides for an indefinite term, that Mr. Boehmler’s employment is at-will, and that either the
Company or Mr. Boehmler can terminate his employment for any reason. Mr. Boehmler’s employment agreement provides for an annual
base salary of $300,000 per year, subject to annual review and adjustment as determined by the Board or its compensation committee. Under
his employment agreement, Mr. Boehmler is also eligible for an annual incentive bonus in the amount of up to 50% of his base salary, subject
to Mr. Boehmler achieving certain performance milestones established by the Board or its compensation committee, and, subject to
Board approval, an annual grant of options to purchase 125,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to 110% of the grant
date fair market value, one-third of which shall vest on the grant date and the remainder becoming exercisable in equal monthly installments
over the following three years. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Boehmler was issued options to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock in 2023, 100,000 of which vested on the grant date and 100,000 of which shall vest on each of the 12- and 24-month anniversary
of the grant date. 

   

 If the Company terminates Mr. Boehmler’s
employment without Cause, as defined in the agreement, or Mr. Boehmler terminates his employment for Good Reason, as defined in the agreement,
with 90 days prior notice to the Company and subject to his execution of a release in favor of the Company, the Company shall pay Mr.
Boehmler an amount equal to his then current monthly base salary for 12 months from the date of termination. The Company must also, subject
to his timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, continue payment or reimbursement of 100% of Mr. Boehmler’s premiums
for such health insurance coverage for six months following his termination or until he becomes covered by an equivalent benefit, and
pay him a pro rata portion of any bonus he has earned prior to his termination. In addition, if the Company terminates Mr. Boehmler’s
employment without Cause or he terminates his employment for Good Reason within 12 months after a Change of Control, as define in the
agreement, then the Company must pay to Mr. Boehmler an additional sum equal to 12 months of his base salary. 

   

 As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Boehmler
is eligible to participate in all of the Company’s benefit programs. 

   

 Mr. Liscouski Employment Agreement 

   

 The Company and Mr. Robert Liscouski were parties
to an amended and restated employment agreement dated as of April 26, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Liscouski served as our Chief Executive
Officer during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 (the “Liscouski Employment Agreement”). The Liscouski Employment
Agreement provided for an initial term of three years and would be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year terms at the end of
the initial term unless terminated or either party provided notice of non-renewal to the other. The agreement provided that Mr. Liscouski
would receive an annual base salary of $400,000, subject to review and increases (but not decreases) by the Board or its compensation
committee and be eligible to earn a performance bonus of up to 50% of his base salary subject to his achieving certain performance milestones established by the Board. The agreement also provided that, beginning on the first anniversary thereof, Mr. Liscouski would
receive an annual grant of options to purchase 150,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to 110% of the grant date
fair market value, with one-third vesting on the date of grant and the remainder vesting in equal monthly installments thereafter. Pursuant
to the Liscouski Employment Agreement, Mr. Liscouski also received (i) options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company
upon execution of the agreement and (ii) 250,000 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company upon the Company’s listing
on Nasdaq. 



   

 

 
     43 
       
     

   

 In connection with the termination of Mr. Liscouski
employment as our Chief Executive Officer on January 31 2024, the Company and Mr. Liscouski entered into a Separation Agreement and General
Release. Pursuant to the separation agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Liscouski $400,000, representing 12 months of his base salary,
on the Company’s regular payroll dates for 12 months following his termination, to grant him 168,000 shares of Company common stock,
and, subject to his timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, to continue to pay or reimburse 100% of his premiums for such
health insurance coverage for 12 months following his termination or until he becomes covered by an equivalent benefit. The separation
agreement also provides that Mr. Liscouski’s unvested options and restricted stock grants vested as of his termination date. 

   

 We also entered into an agreement with Mr. Liscouski,
effective as of February 1, 2024, which provides that the Company will pay him a monthly fee of $12,500 for his service as a Director
of the Company (including as Chairman of the Board). Such monthly fee will be in lieu of the standard compensation we pay to our directors. 
   

 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
End 

   

 The following table sets forth information regarding
equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2023: 

   

 
   
       
       
     Option Awards 
       
     Stock Awards 
       
   
     Name 
       
     
     Number of 
    securities 
    underlying 
    unexercised 
    options 
     (#) 
    exercisable 
       
       
     
     Number of 
    securities 
    underlying 
    unexercised 
    options 
     (#)  
    unexercisable 
       
       
     Option 
exercise  
price 
($) 
       
       
     Option 
expiration  
date 
       
     Number of  
shares or  
units of  
stock that  
have not  
vested  
(#) 
       
       
     Market  
value of  
shares or  
units of  
stock that  
have not  
vested  
($) 
       
   
     Chris Boehmler  (1) 
       
       
     30,417 
       
       
       
     60,833 
       
       
       
     2.56 
       
       
     March 28, 2027 
       
       
     29,550 
       
       
       
     26,891 
       
   
     Chris Boehmler 
       
       
     2,917 
       
       
       
     5,833 
       
       
       
     2.37 
       
       
     October 12, 2027 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Chris Boehmler 
       
       
     100,000 
       
       
       
     200,000 
       
       
       
     1.18 
       
       
     December 27, 2028 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     William J. McGann  (2) 
       
       
     356,666 
       
       
       
     178,334 
       
       
       
     2.40 
       
       
     January 24, 2027 
       
       
     81,050 
       
       
       
     73,756 
       
   
     William J. McGann 
       
       
     1,000,000 
       
       
       
     0 
       
       
       
     2.37 
       
       
     October 17, 2027 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Robert Liscouski  (3) 
       
       
     75,000 
       
       
       
     0 
       
       
       
     1.00 
       
       
     May 22 2025 
       
       
     0 
       
       
       
     0 
       
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
       
     250,000 
       
       
       
     0 
       
       
       
     6.85 
       
       
     April 26, 2026 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
       
     166,676 
       
       
       
     83,334 
       
       
       
     2.40 
       
       
     January 24, 2027 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
       
     1,605,560 
       
       
       
     44,440 
       
       
       
     2.37 
       
       
     October 17, 2027 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
       
     72,244 
       
       
       
     77,776 
       
       
       
     1.44 
       
       
     December 27, 2028 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   


   

 
   
     (1) 
     Mr. Boehmler’s stock options expiring March 28, 2027 and October 12, 2027 vest as follows: (i) 33,334 options vested on March 28, 2023, (ii) 33,334 options vest on March 28, 2024, and (iii) 33,332 options vest on March 28, 2025. Mr. Boehmler’s stock options expiring on December 27, 2028 vest as follows: (i) 100,000 options vested on July 1, 2023, (ii) 100,000 options vested on July 1, 2024, and (iii) 100,000 options vest on July 1, 2025. Mr. Boehmler’s 29,550 shares of stock vest on December 31, 2024. 
   
 

 
   
     (2) 
     Dr. McGann’s stock options expiring January 24, 2027 vest as follows: (i) 178,333 options vested on January 24, 2022, (ii) 178,333 options vested on January 24, 2023, and (iii) 178,334 options vest on January 24, 2024. Dr. McGann’s stock options expiring on October 17, 2022 vested as follows: (i) 750,000 options vested on October 17, 2022, and (ii) 250,000 options vested on December 31, 2022. Dr. McGann’s 81,050 shares of stock vest on December 31, 2024. 
   

 

 
   
     (3) 
     Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring May 22, 2025 vested as follows: (i) 25,000 options vested on April 8, 2021, (ii) 25,000 options vested on April 8, 2022, and (iii) 25,000 options vested on April 8, 2023. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring April 26, 2026 vested on April 26, 2021. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring January 27, 2022 vest as follows: (i) 83,333 options vested on July 15, 2022, (ii) 83,333 options vested on July 15, 2023, and (iii) 83,334 options vest on July 15, 2024.  Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring October 17, 2027 vest as follows: (i) 1,053,890 options vested on October 17, 2022, (ii) 508,334 options vested in equal monthly increments in 2023 and (iii) the remainder vest in equal monthly increments of 2,778 shares through April 1, 2025, with the final month vesting 2,770 shares. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring December 27, 2028 vest as follows: (i) 72,224 vested as of December 31, 2023 and (ii) the remainder vest in equal monthly increments of 2,778 shares through April 1, 2026, with the final month vesting 2,770 shares. 
   

 

   



 Director Compensation   

   

 Except as provided below, the Company’s
independent directors each received compensation of $9,000 per quarter for their services as directors, plus an additional $4,000 per
quarter if they also served as a committee Chair, in fiscal year 2023.  

   


 
     44 
       
     

   

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

   

 The following table sets forth certain information
as of March 28, 2024 concerning the beneficial ownership of common stock for: (i) each director and director nominee, (ii) each named
executive officer as included in the Summary Compensation Table under “Executive Compensation” above, (iii) all executive
officers and directors as a group, and (iv) each person (including any “group” as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock. The address for each of the persons below
who are beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock is our corporate address at 5 Marine View Plaza, Suite 214, Hoboken, NJ 07030.  


   

 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules
of the SEC and is calculated based on 91,357,640 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 28, 2024. Shares of common
stock subject to options, warrants, preferred stock or other securities convertible into common stock that are currently exercisable or
convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 28, 2024, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the
person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of any other person. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or
shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,”
which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner
of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock
option, warrant or other right. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a
person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated,
each of the stockholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to
such shares of our common stock. 

   

 Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we
believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own. 

   

 
   
     Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
     Common  Stock  Owned   Beneficially     
     Percent of   Class   
   
     Named Executive Officers and Directors   
           
         
   
     William J. McGann, Chief Executive Officer (1)   
       3,232,100     
       3.29 % 
   
     Chris Boehmler, Chief Financial Officer (2)   
       226,978     
       0.23   
   
     Robert Liscouski, Chairman (3)   
       3,250,173     
       3.31   
   
     Robert Fagenson (4)   
       650,000     
       0.66   
   
     Michael Turmelle (5)   
       450,000     
       0.46   
   
     Dr. Yuping Huang (6)   
       24,336,906     
       24.76   
   
     Dr. Carl Weimer (7)   
       100,000     
       0.10   
   
     All directors and officers as a group (8 persons)   
       32,246,157     
       32.81   
   
     5% or greater shareholders (none)   
       0     
       0   
   
         
             
           
   
     Total   
       32,246,157     
       32.81   
   


   

 
   
     (1) 
     Consists of 162,100 shares of common stock owned currently and 3,070,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock. 
   
     (2) 
     Consists of 60,310 shares of common stock owned currently and 166,668 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock 
   
     (3) 
     Consists of 1,064,055 shares of common stock owned currently and 2,186,118 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock. 
   
     (4) 
     Consists of 100,000 shares of common stock owned currently and 550,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock. 
   
     (5) 
     Consists of 450,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock. 
   
     (6) 
     Consists of 23,936,906 shares of common stock owned currently and 400,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock. This does not include any shares that could be purchased upon exercise of unvested warrants received as consideration in the merger with QPhoton that may vest upon the exercise of outstanding options and other warrants held by officers, employees, directors and investors. 
   
     (7) 
     Consists of 100,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock. 
   

   


 
     45 
       
     

   

 Changes in Control 

   

 We are not aware of any arrangements that may
result in “changes in control” as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

   

 On July 5, 2022, the Board adopted the 2022 Quantum
Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which provides for the issuance of up to 16,000,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock. The principal purpose of the Plan is to provide an incentive to designated employees, certain consultants and advisors who
perform services for us and non-employee directors to contribute to our growth by continuing to align the interests of participants with
the interests of our stockholders. The Plan was approved by a majority of the shareholders in September 2022. 

   

 The table below sets forth certain information
as of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 regarding the shares of our common stock available for grant or granted under our equity
compensation plan. 

   

 
   
     Plan Category   
     Number of   securities 
 to   be issued 
 upon  exercise of   outstanding  options (2)     
     Weighted- 
average   exercise 
 price of   outstanding  options     
     Number of  
securities  available for  future   issuance   under equity   compensation   plans   
   
     Equity compensation plan approved by security holders – 2022 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, as amended   
       10,376,528     
     $ 1.86     
       2,453,128   
   
     Equity compensation plan approved by security holders – 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, as amended   
       1,314,167     
     $ 2.43     
       1,350,833   
   
     Equity compensation not approved by shareholders (1)   
       2,152,804     
     $ 6.53     
       -   
   


   

 
 (1) In addition to the stock options issued pursuant to our equity
compensation plans, the Company has issued 2,152,8043 non-qualified stock options to employees and advisors outside of the plans with
a weighted average price of $6.53. 
 
 
 (2) The total number of stock options issued and outstanding
as of March 28, 2024 is 13,106,728. 
 

   

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.  

   

 The following is a summary of transactions since
January 1, 2023 to which we have been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $840,143 (one percent of
the average of our total assets at year-end for our last two completed fiscal years) and in which 

   

 There have been no transactions involving the
Company since January 1, 2023, or any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount
involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5% of our common stock,
or any immediate family member of, or person sharing a household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest, other than compensation arrangements that are described under the section captioned “Executive Compensation.” 

   

 Please see “Board Composition and Director
Independence” under “Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” for a discussion of our independent
directors. 

   

 

 
     46 
       
     

   

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

   

 BF Borgers CPA PC served as our independent registered
public accountants for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

   

 Audit Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we were billed approximately $132,000 and $119,800, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent
auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

   

 Tax Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we were billed $9,000 and $9,020, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for
tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

   

 All Other Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we were billed approximately $27,500 and $49,500, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent
auditors related to the Registration Statements on d Form S-3 and amendments thereto filed with the SEC in those years.  

   

 Pre-Approval Policies 

   

 All of the above services and fees were reviewed
and approved by the entire Board. No services were performed before or without approval.  

   


 
     47 
       
     

   

 PART IV 

   

 ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

   

 
   
     Exhibit 
       
       
       
     Reference 
       
     Filed or Furnished 
   
     Number 
       
     Exhibit Description 
       
     Form 
       
     Exhibit 
       
     Filing Date 
       
     Herewith 
   
     3.1(i) 
       
     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
       
     10-K/A 
       
     3.1(i) 
       
     07/10/2023 
       
       
   
     3.1(ii) 
       
     Certificate of Designations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
       
     8-K 
       
     3.1 
       
     11/17/2021 
       
       
   
     3.1(iii) 
       
     Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Quantum Computing Inc., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 16, 2021 
       
     8-K 
       
     3.1 
       
     12/17/2021 
       
       
   
     3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated By-laws 
       
     10-K/A 
       
     3.2 
       
     07/10/2023 
       
       
   
     3.3 
       
     Certificate of Designation with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, dated June 14, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     3.1 
       
     06/21/2022 
       
       
   
     4.1 
       
     Common Stock Specimen 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     4.1 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
   
     4.4 
       
     Description of Securities 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     4.5 
       
     Promissory Note in the amount of $8,250,000 issued by Quantum Computing, Inc. to Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated September 23, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     4.1 
       
     09/28/2022 
       
       
   
     10.1 
       
     ATM Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC 
       
     8-K 
       
     1.1 
       
     12/06/2022 
       
       
   
     10.2 
       
     First Amendment to ATM Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2023, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC 
       
     8-K 
       
     1.1 
       
     08/21/2023 
       
       
   
     10.3 
       
     Employment Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Christopher Boehmler, dated as of June 26, 2023 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     06/26/2023 
       
       
   
     10.4* 
       
     2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan 
       
     S-1  
       
     10.8 
       
     11/22/2019 
       
       
   
     10.10* 
       
     Form Director Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     02/23/2021 
       
       
   
     10.11 
       
     Form of Warrant dated November 9, 2021   
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     11/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.12 
       
     Form Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant   
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     12/17/2021 
       
       
   
     10.13* 
       
     Employment Agreement between William J. McGann and Quantum Computing, Inc., dated as of January 3, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     01/03/2022 
       
       
   
     10.14* 
       
     Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2021, by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Robert Liscouski   
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     04/30/2021 
       
       
   
     10.15* 
       
     Employment Agreement between Christopher Roberts and Quantum Computing, Inc., dated as of April 26, 2021 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     04/30/2021 
       
       
   
     10.16 
       
     Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2022, between Quantum Computing Inc. and QPhoton, Inc. 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     02/23/2022 
       
       
   
     10.17 
       
     Unsecured Promissory Note issued by QPhoton, Inc. to Quantum Computing, Inc., in the amount of $1,250,000, dated February 18, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     02/23/2022 
       
       
   
     10.18 
       
     Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Quantum Computing Inc., Project Alpha Merger Sub I, Inc., Project Alpha Merger Sub II, LLC, QPhoton, Inc., and Yuping Huang, dated as of May 18, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     05/23/2022 
       
       
   
     10.19 
       
     Escrow Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2022, by and among Quantum Computing Inc., Yuping Huang and Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC   
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     06/21/2022 
       
       
   
     10.20 
       
     Stockholders Agreement by and among Quantum Computing, Inc. and each of the Stockholders set forth on Exhibit A thereto, dated as of June 16, 2022 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     06/21/2022 
       
       
 

   

 

 
     48 
       
     

   

 
   
     10.21 
       
     Form Registration Rights Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.4 
       
     06/21/2022 
       
       
   
     10.22* 
       
     Employment Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2022, by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Yuping Huang 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.5 
       
     06/21/2022 
       
       
   
     10.23 
       
     Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2022, by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     09/28/2022 
       
       
   
     10.24* 
       
     Director Agreement between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Dr. Carl Weimer, dated January 6, 2023 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     01/09/2023 
       
       
   
     10.25* 
       
     Quantum Computing Inc. 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan 
       
     10-K/A 
       
     10.42 
       
     07/10/2023 
       
       
   
     10.26* 
       
     Separation Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Robert Liscouski 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     10.27* 
       
     Director Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Robert Liscouski 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     10.28* 
       
     Separation Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2023, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Christopher Roberts 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     10.31 
       
     Consulting Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2023, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Christopher Roberts 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     10.32 
       
     Modification 1 to Consulting Services Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Christopher Roberts 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     21.1 
       
     List of Subsidiaries 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     23.1 
       
     Consent of BF Borgers CPA PC 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     31.1 
       
     Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     31.2 
       
     Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     32.1 
       
     Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     32.2 
       
     Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     97 
       
     Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     101.INS 
       
     Inline XBRL Instance Document.   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     101.SCH 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document.   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     101.CAL 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     101.DEF 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     101.LAB 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     101.PRE 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
   
     104 
       
     Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
       
     X 
   


   

 
   
     * 
     Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
   
   


 
     49 
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
   
     Date: April 1, 2024 
     Quantum Computing Inc. 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     By: 
     /s/ Dr. William McGann 
   
       
       
     Dr. Willan McGann 
   
       
       
     Chief Executive Officer 
   
   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on
the dates indicated. 

   

 
   
     Name 
       
     Capacity 
       
     Date 
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Robert Liscouski 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Robert Liscouski 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Dr. William McGann 
       
     Chief Executive Officer 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Dr. Willan McGann 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Christopher Boehmler 
       
     Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Christopher Boehmler 
       
     (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Dr. Yuping Huang 
       
     Chief Quantum Officer and Director 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Dr. Yuping Huang 
       
       
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Michael Turmelle 
       
     Director 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Michael Turmelle 
       
       
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Robert Fagenson 
       
     Director 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Robert Fagenson 
       
       
       
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Dr. Carl Weimer 
       
     Director 
       
     April 1, 2024 
   
     Dr. Carl Weimer 
       
       
       
       
   
   


 
     50 
       
     

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   



 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

   

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

   

 December 31, 2023 and
2022 

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   


 
       
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

   

 Index to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

   

 
   
     Description 
       
     Page 
   
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 5041) 
       
     F-2 
   
     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
       
     F-3 
   
     Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
       
     F-4 
   
     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
       
     F-5 
   
     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 
       
     F-6 
   
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
       
     F-7 
   
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
       
     F-8 
   
   

 


 
     F- 1 
       
     

   

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Quantum Computing Inc.: 

   

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Quantum Computing Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related consolidated statements
of operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

   

 Going Concern Matter 

   

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 Basis for Opinion 

   

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 Critical Audit Matter 

   

 Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

   

 We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

   

 /S/  BF Borgers CPA PC  (PCAOB ID  5041 ) 

   

 We have served as the Company's auditor since
2019 

   

 Lakewood, CO 

 April 1, 2024 

   


 
     F- 2 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

   

 
   
         
     December 31,     
     December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
     ASSETS   
           
         
   
         
           
         
   
     Current assets   
           
         
   
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 2,059,285     
     $ 5,308,466   
   
     Accounts receivable   
       65,000     
       12,774   
   
     Prepaid expenses   
       138,460     
       224,302   
   
     Loans receivable   
       557,236     
       -   
   
     Other current assets   
       289,117     
       182,994   
   
     Inventory   
       72,650     
       -   
   
     Total current assets   
       3,181,748     
       5,728,536   
   
     Fixed assets (net of depreciation)   
       2,869,658     
       975,169   
   
     Operating lease right-of-use assets   
       799,942     
       1,186,857   
   
     Security deposits   
       129,045     
       60,271   
   
     Intangible Assets-net of amortization   
       11,388,015     
       22,223,725   
   
     Goodwill   
       60,359,867     
       59,125,773   
   
     Total assets   
     $ 78,728,275     
     $ 89,300,331   
   
         
             
           
   
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)   
             
           
   
         
             
           
   
     Current liabilities   
             
           
   
     Accounts payable   
     $ 1,461,541     
     $ 871,887   
   
     Accrued expenses   
       195,923     
       3,559,981   
   
     Deferred revenue   
       458     
       -   
   
     Dividends payable - preferred   
       215,119     
       219,844   
   
     Current portion of long-term debt   
       2,496,480     
       535,684   
   
     Other current liabilities   
       250,116     
       131,849   
   
     Total current liabilities   
       4,619,637     
       5,319,245   
   
     Long-term debt   
       -     
       7,858,280   
   
     Operating lease liabilities   
       840,085     
       1,226,075   
   
     Total liabilities   
       5,459,722     
       14,403,600   
   
         
             
           
   
     Stockholders’ equity   
             
           
   
     Preferred stock, $ 0.0001  par value,  1,550,000  shares Series A Convertible Preferred authorized;  1,490,004  and  1,500,004  shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively;  3,079,864  shares of Series B Preferred Stock authorized,  0  and  0  shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively   
       149     
       150   
   
     Common stock, $ 0.0001  par value,  250,000,000  shares authorized;  77,451,356  and  55,963,334  shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively   
       7,745     
       5,596   
   
     Additional paid-in capital   
       167,944,651     
       151,163,909   
   
     APIC-Beneficial Conversion Feature in Equity   
       4,898,835     
       4,898,835   
   
     APIC-Stock Based Compensation   
       50,135,626     
       38,816,022   
   
     Accumulated deficit   
       ( 149,718,453 )   
       ( 119,987,781 ) 
   
     Total stockholders’ equity   
       73,268,553     
       74,896,731 ) 
   
     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   
     $ 78,728,275     
     $ 89,300,331   
   



   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 3 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Operations 

   

 
   
         
     Twelve Months Ended   
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
     Total revenue   
     $ 358,047     
     $ 135,648   
   
     Cost of revenue   
       195,640     
       60,934   
   
     Gross profit   
       162,407     
       74,714   
   
     Salaries and Benefits   
       4,047,910     
       4,326,733   
   
     Professional Services   
       838,592     
       1,278,170   
   
     Research & Development   
       6,447,703     
       4,561,794   
   
     Stock Based Compensation   
       8,722,766     
       17,761,467   
   
     Selling General & Administrative   
       7,326,713     
       8,725,892   
   
     Operating expenses   
       27,383,684     
       36,654,056   
   
         
             
           
   
     Loss from Operations   
       ( 27,221,277 )   
       ( 36,579,342 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Other Income and Expense   
             
           
   
     Interest Income   
       295,478     
       46,891   
   
     Interest Expense – Promissory Notes   
       ( 602,059 )   
       ( 225,282 ) 
   
     Interest Expense – Preferred dividends   
       ( 861,071 )   
       ( 889,219 ) 
   
     Interest Expense – Financing expenses   
       ( 1,341,743 )   
       ( 946,748 ) 
   
     Net Other income (expense)   
       ( 2,509,395 )   
       ( 2,014,358 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Income tax expense   
       -     
       -   
   
         
             
           
   
     Net loss   
     $ ( 29,730,672 )   
     $ ( 38,593,700 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Weighted average shares – basic   
       77,451,356     
       55,963,334   
   
     Weighted average shares – diluted   
       95,896,430     
       74,340,487   
   
     Loss per share – basic   
       ( 0.38 )   
       ( 0.69 ) 
   
     Loss per share – diluted   
     $ ( 0.31 )   
     $ ( 0.52 ) 
   


   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 4 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 

   

 
   
         
     Preferred Stock     
     Common Stock     
     Additional 
 Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
   
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
   
         
           
           
           
           
           
           
         
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2021   
       1,545,459     
       154     
       29,156,815     
     $ 2,916     
     $ 97,592,909     
     $ ( 81,394,081 )   
     $ 16,201,898   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Cancellation of shares   
       -     
       -     
       ( 11,444 )   
       ( 1 )   
       -     
       -     
       ( 1 ) 
   
     Issuance of shares for services   
             
             
       135,000     
       14     
       319,936     
       -     
       319,950   
   
     Conversion of Preferred   
       ( 45,455 )   
       ( 4 )   
       47,728     
       4     
       -     
       -     
       -   
   
     Shares issued for merger with QPhoton   
             
             
       26,615,235     
       2,662     
       68,722,315     
       -     
       68,724,976   
   
     Warrants issued for merger with QPhoton   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       14,358,891     
       -     
       14,358,891   
   
     Preferred OID Amortization   
             
             
             
             
       318,750     
             
       318,750   
   
     Stock Options   
             
             
             
             
       13,518,567     
       -     
       13,518,567   
   
     Stock based compensation   
             
             
       20,000     
       2     
       47,398     
       -     
       47,400   
   
     Net loss   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
       ( 38,593,700 )   
       ( 38,593,700 ) 
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2022   
       1,500,004     
       150     
       55,963,334     
     $ 5,596     
     $ 194,878,766     
     $ ( 119,987,781 )   
     $ 74,896,731   
   


   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 5 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 

   

 
   
         
     Preferred Stock     
     Common Stock     
     Additional 
 Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
   
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
   
         
           
           
           
           
           
           
         
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2022   
       1,500,004     
       150     
       55,963,334     
     $ 5,596     
     $ 194,878,766     
     $ ( 119,987,781 )   
     $ 74,896,731   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Issuance of shares for cash   
             
             
       17,571,926     
       1,757     
       25,494,607     
             
       25,496,364   
   
     Issuance of shares for services   
             
             
       1,575,000     
       158     
       2,413,343     
       -     
       2,413,500   
   
     Conversion of Preferred   
       ( 10,000 )   
       ( 1 )   
       11,096     
       1     
       596     
       -     
       596   
   
     Merger consideration   
             
             
             
             
       8,347,126     
       -     
       8,347,126   
   
     Stock Options   
             
             
             
             
       7,299,278     
       -     
       7,299,278   
   
     Stock based compensation   
             
             
       2,330,000     
       233     
       1,239,648     
       -     
       1,239,882   
   
     Net loss   
       -     
       -     
             
             
       -     
       ( 29,730,672 )   
       ( 29,730,672 ) 
   
     BALANCES, December 31, 2023   
       1,490,004     
       149     
       77,451,356     
     $ 7,745     
     $ 222,979,112     
     $ ( 149,718,453 )   
     $ 73,268,553   
   

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 6 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 and
2022 

   

 
   
         
     Twelve Months Ended   
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
           
         
   
     Net loss   
     $ ( 29,730,672 )   
     $ ( 38,593,700 ) 
   
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operations   
             
           
   
     Depreciation, amortization, and other   
       1,957,768     
       3,433,674   
   
     Net recognized losses (gains)   
       4,448     
       -   
   
     Stock based compensation expense   
       8,722,766     
       17,761,467   
   
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities   
             
           
   
     Accounts receivable   
       ( 52,227 )   
       ( 12,774 ) 
   
     Inventories   
       ( 70,484 )   
       -   
   
     Other current assets   
       ( 77,515 )   
       91,813   
   
     Other long-term assets   
       318,141     
       ( 1,128,166 ) 
   
     Accounts payable   
       582,854     
       218,574   
   
     Unearned revenue   
       458     
       -   
   
     Other current liabilities   
       ( 984,786 )   
       ( 462,362 ) 
   
     Other long-term liabilities   
       ( 611,272 )   
       1,451,357   
   
     CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
       ( 19,940,521 )   
       ( 17,240,117 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
     Property and equipment   
       ( 2,117,990 )   
       ( 869,687 ) 
   
     Loan receivable   
       ( 500,000 )   
       -   
   
     Net cash used for QPhoton Inc. merger   
       -     
       ( 1,356,071 ) 
   
     CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
       ( 2,617,990 )   
       ( 2,225,758 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
     Notes Payable   
       ( 6,187,034 )   
       8,035,684   
   
     Preferred stock conversion   
       -     
       -   
   
     Preferred stock OID accrual   
       -     
       -   
   
     Proceeds from stock issuance (ATM facility)   
       25,496,364     
       -   
   
     CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
       19,309,330     
       8,035,684   
   
         
             
           
   
     Net increase (decrease) in cash   
       ( 3,249,181 )   
       ( 11,430,191 ) 
   
         
             
           
   
     Cash, beginning of period   
       5,308,466     
       16,738,657   
   
         
             
           
   
     Cash, end of period   
     $ 2,059,285     
     $ 5,308,466   
   
         
             
           
   
     SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES   
             
           
   
     Cash paid for interest   
     $ 812,966     
     $ -   
   
     Cash paid for income taxes   
     $ -     
     $ -   
   
         
             
           
   
     NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
   
     Common stock, preferred stock and warrants issued in connection with QPhoton, Inc. merger   
       -     
       83,083,867   
   





   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 7 
       
     



 
   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Note
1 –  Nature of the Organization and Business 

   

 Corporate
History 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. (“QCi” or the “Company”) was formed in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001, under its prior name,
Ticketcart, Inc. The Company redomiciled to Delaware on February 22, 2018 and changed its name to Quantum Computing Inc. Effective July
20, 2018, the trading symbol for the Company’s common stock, par value $ 0.0001 , on the OTC Market changed from “IBGH”
to “QUBT”. On July 15, 2021 the Company uplisted to The Nasdaq Stock Market. On June 16, 2022, the Company merged with QPhoton,
Inc. (“QPhoton”), a developer of quantum photonic systems and related technologies and applications. 

   

 Nature
of Business 

   

 QCi
is an American company utilizing integrated photonics and non-linear quantum optics to deliver quantum systems for high-performance computing
applications. Quantum’s products are designed to operate at room temperature and low power. Our core technology enables the execution
of a go-to-market strategy which emphasizes accessibility and affordability. Our quantum systems enable subject matter experts (SMEs)
and end users to deliver critical business solutions today. 

   



 The Company initially focused on providing software
tools and applications for several commercially available quantum computers. However, following the June 2022 merger with QPhoton and
its associated intellectual property and engineering team, the Company now offers integrated high-performance quantum systems and services.   

 The
core of our quantum information services today is our Entropy Quantum Computing (“EQC”) technology. We have built room-temperature,
photonic quantum information processing systems underpinned by a series of patented and patent pending technologies. Our technology,
supported by professional services through our “Quantum Solutions” offering, helps our clients benefit from the technology
today. In addition, our leading-edge photonic technology and engineering teams will enable QCi to continue to enhance quantum LIDAR and
sensing systems, imaging systems, quantum-secured network solutions, and photonic quantum chips. 

   

 Note 2 –  Significant Accounting Policies: 

   

 Basis
of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation: 

   

 The
Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (“U.S. GAAP”) as determined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”), including ASC 810,  Consolidation . The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company and its controlled subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

   

 The
Company’s fiscal year end is December 31. 

   

 The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a
going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company
had $ 358,047  in revenues, a net loss of $ 29,730,672  and had net cash used in operations of $ 19,940,521 . Additionally, as of December
31, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of $ 1,437,889  and an accumulated deficit of $ 149,718,453 . It is management’s
opinion that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of
twelve months from the date of the issuance of these financial statements.   

 

 

 
     F- 8 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 The
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of
assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 Successful
completion of the Company’s development program and, ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations are dependent upon future
events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill its development activities, acceptance of the Company’s patent applications
and ultimately achieving a level of sales adequate to support the Company’s cost structure. However, there can be no assurances
that the Company will be able to secure additional equity investments or achieve an adequate sales level. 

   

 Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

   

 Highly
liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased are considered to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2023
and 2022, there were no cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash in deposit accounts with high quality financial institutions
which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on these deposits and believes it is
not exposed to significant credit risk on cash. 

   

 Use
of Estimates: 

   



 These financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States which requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Some of the more significant estimates required to be made by management include the determination
of reserves for accounts receivable, stockholders’ equity-based transactions and liquidity assessment. Actual results may differ
from these estimates.   

 Revenue
 

   

 The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606 –  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , by analyzing contracts with
its customers using a five-step approach: 

   

 
   
       
     1. 
     Identify the contract 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     2. 
     Identify the performance
    obligations 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     3. 
     Determine the transaction
    price 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     4. 
     Allocate the transaction
    price to the performance obligations 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     5. 
     Recognize revenue when
    performance obligations are satisfied 
   
   

 The
Company recognized a small amount of revenue in 2022 and in 2023 the recognized revenue primarily derived from contracts to perform professional
services. Revenue from time and materials-based contracts is recognized as the direct hours worked during the period times the contractual
hourly rate, plus direct materials and other direct costs as appropriate, plus negotiated materials handling burdens, if any. Revenue
from units-based contracts is recognized as the number of units delivered or performed during the period times the contractual unit price.
Revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized as work is performed with estimated profits recorded on a percentage of completion basis.
The Company has no cost-plus type contracts at this time. 

   

 Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

   

 Accounts
receivable principally consists of amounts due from customers for work performed on contracts. The Company records accounts receivable
at their net realizable value. Periodically the Company evaluates its accounts receivable to establish an allowance for doubtful accounts,
when deemed necessary, based on the history of past write-offs, collections and current credit conditions. During 2022 certain accounts
receivable, attributable to a single customer, were determined not to be collectible and management recorded an allowance for doubtful
accounts and wrote off the uncollectible receivables against that account. The accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023 are considered
fully collectible and thus management has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts.   

 


 
     F- 9 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Operating
Leases - ASC 842 

   

 The
Company implemented FASB Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”). The Company determines
if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are included in right-of-use assets,
net on the consolidated balance sheets. The current and long-term components of operating lease liabilities are included in the current
operating lease liabilities and noncurrent operating lease liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. 

   

 Operating
lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over
the lease term. As most of the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate
based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. Certain leases may include
options to extend or terminate the lease. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease
term. Leases with an initial term of  12  months or less are not recorded in the balance sheet. All of our operating leases are comprised
of office space leases, and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had no finance leases. 

   

 Business
Combinations 

   

 We
account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. This method requires the recording of acquired assets and
assumed liabilities at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Results of operations related to business combinations are included prospectively beginning
with the date of acquisition and transaction costs related to business combinations are recorded withing general and administrative expenses.   

 


 
     F- 10 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Property
and Equipment 

   

 Property
and equipment are stated at cost or contributed value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the straight-line
method over their estimated useful lives, and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their
estimated useful lives or the lease term. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired or sold are removed from
the accounts and any differences between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale are recorded as a gain or loss on sale
of equipment. Maintenance and repairs are charged against expense as incurred. 

   

 Research
and Development Cost s 

   

 Research
and development costs include costs directly attributable to the conduct of research and development programs, including the cost of
services provided by outside contractors, acquiring work-in-progress intellectual property, development, and mandatory compliance fees
and contractual obligations. All costs associated with research and development are expensed as incurred. 

   

 Stock
Based Compensation 

   

 The
Company has adopted Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2018-07,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting . ASU 2018-07 expands the scope of ASC 718,  Share-Based Payment,  to include share-based
payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. An entity should apply the requirements of ASC 718 to nonemployee
awards except for specific guidance on inputs to an option pricing model and the attribution of cost. ASU 2018-07 specifies that Topic
718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor’s
own operations by issuing share-based payment awards, and that ASC 718 does not apply to share based payments used to effectively provide
(1) financing to the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract accounted
for under ASC 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  

   

 Stock-based
compensation expense is recorded for all option grants and awards of non-vested stock and recognized in the financial statements based
on the grant date fair value of the awards granted. Stock-based compensation is recognized as expense over the requisite service period,
which generally represents the vesting period. The Company calculates the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model at grant date. The Company estimates a rate of forfeiture when recording stock option expense. The assumptions and estimates involved
in the Black-Scholes model require significant judgement and any changes could have a material impact in the determination of stock-based
compensation expense 

   

 Net
Loss Per Share: 

   

 Net
loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding during the period. 

   


 
     F- 11 
       
     

    

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Note
3 –  Business Combinations 

   

 Merger
with QPhoton, Inc. 

   

 On May 19, 2022, the Company, QPhoton, and Yuping
Huang, the principal stockholder of QPhoton (“Mr. Huang”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire QPhoton through a series of merger transactions (collectively with
the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “Transaction”). On June 16, 2022, all conditions precedent
having been met or waived by the Parties, the Company Closed the Transactions with QPhoton. The merger with QPhoton adds to the Company’s
portfolio of quantum computing products and enables the Company to offer a wider range of quantum information services. The Company accounted
for the Transactions using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, with the purchase price being allocated
to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the
acquisition date. Fair values were determined using management estimates. The results of QPhoton are included within the consolidated
financial statements commencing on the acquisition date. 

   

 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, immediately
following the closing of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Closing”), Merger Sub I (a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company) merged with and into QPhoton, with QPhoton surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
immediately after which the surviving corporation merged with and into Merger Sub II (also a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company),
with Merger Sub II surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Surviving Company”). The merger
consideration to be paid to the stockholders of QPhoton (the “Merger Consideration”) consists of (i)  5,802,206  shares of the
Company’s common stock, par value $ 0.0001  per share (“Common Stock”), (ii)  2,377,028  shares of a new series of the Company’s
preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001  per share, to be designated Series B convertible preferred stock (“Series B Preferred Stock”),
and (iii) warrants to purchase up to  7,028,337  shares of Common Stock (the “Warrants”). Each share of Series B Preferred Stock
converts into ten ( 10 ) shares of the Company’s common stock. The Merger Consideration for stockholders Yuping Huang and Stevens
Institute of Technology was issued in 2022 and the remaining Merger Consideration for the other stockholder of QPhoton will be issued
upon presentation of certain required documents and surrender of their QPhoton shares. 

   

 The purchase price was approximately $ 83.1  million,
consisting of Company Common Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants. The purchase agreement did not include any contingent consideration.
Since the Transactions were structured as an exchange of equity securities, the purchase price was calculated based on the fair market
value (in this case the Nasdaq closing price) of the total shares of the Company securities paid to the shareholders of the acquired company,
QPhoton. The closing Price of Company Common Stock on June 16, 2022 was $ 2.27 . The total shares of Company Common Stock offered for QPhoton
was  36,600,823 , which assumes all of the  2,377,028  Series B Convertible Preferred shares are converted to Common Stock at the  10 : 1  ratio,
and that all  7,028,337  warrants to purchase Common Stock are eventually exercised. The warrants were valued using a Black Scholes formula
assuming a maturity of  five  years, a risk-free interest rate of  2.8 %, a volatility of  3.54  and an exercise price of $ 0.00001 . That results
in a total value for the Transactions of $ 83,083,868 . This amount will be used as the purchase price. Under ASC 805 transaction costs
are required to be expensed so legal and accounting fees incurred for the Transactions were not included in the purchase price. 

   

 The fair value of the prepaid expenses and security
deposits was set at book value, and the fair value of the fixed assets was written up to the purchase cost to reflect the recent purchase
dates of the equipment relative to the closing date of the merger. To estimate the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets,
the Company recorded an estimate at the time of merger. The Company subsequently engaged a third-party valuation expert in 2023 (the
“Third-Party Valuation Expert”), Scalar, LLC, to conduct an independent analysis in line with purchase price accounting standards.
The Third-Party Valuation Expert concluded: 

   

 
 ● that there was no fair value attributable to management’s initial estimate of $ 10,000,000  for customer relationships based on the lack of current customer contracts; 
   
 

 

 
     F- 12 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 


   

 
 ● a fair value of $ 2,722,000  attributable to the non-compete agreement with the founder using the with-and-without method, based on a variation of the income approach, an increase of $ 2,222,000  in intangibles compared with management’s initial estimate of $ 500,000 . The with-and-without methodology employed uses two scenarios to value the non-compete asset: (1) the “with scenario” captures the estimated cash flows from the business if all of the existing assets were in place including the non-compete asset, and (2) the “without scenario” captures the estimated cash flows from the business if all of the existing assets were in place except the non-compete asset. The difference between the two scenarios is attributed to the presumed loss of cash flows without the non-compete asset in place and represents the value of the non-compete agreement; 
 
   

 
 ● a
fair value of $ 969,000  attributable to the QPhoton trade name and trademark using the relief from royalty methodology, a decrease of
$ 31,000  in intangibles compared with management’s initial estimate of $ 1,000,000 . In the application of the relief from royalty
method, the Third-Party Valuation Expert estimated the value of the trade names/trademarks by capitalizing the royalties saved by virtue
of the Company owning the trade names/trademarks. In other words, the Company realizes a benefit from owning the intangible asset rather
than paying a rent or royalty for the use of the asset; 
 
   

         ●   a fair value of $ 12,200,000 
attributable to the technology and licensed patents using the relief from royalty methodology, an increase of $ 477,780  in intangibles
compared with management’s initial estimate of $ 11,722,220 . In calculating the fair value of the technology and licensed patents,
the Third-Party Valuation Expert followed the same approach as the trade name/trademark analysis; and   
   

 
 ● that there was no identifiable intangible value attributable to management’s initial estimate of $ 2,250,000  for employee agreements, rather calculated a fair value of $ 1,912,000  included in goodwill attributable to the assembled workforce using the replacement cost method.  The replacement cost method approximates the cost it would take to reconstruct an asset of similar utility (to create a substitute asset). Specifically, this approach considers all of the costs the Company would have incurred to replace the QPhoton workforce with a brand new (but comparable) workforce. The assembled workforce value is added to goodwill per ASC 805-20-55-6, Assembled Workforce and Other Items that Are not Identifiable, and not tracked separately as an amortizing intangible asset. 
 
   

 The Company accepted the Third-Party Valuation
Expert’s valuation without adjustment. 

   

 The following table summarizes the adjusted acquisition date fair
values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Company, including the final results of the analysis performed by the Third-Party
Valuation Expert for the intangibles: 

   

 
   
     Purchase price,
    net of cash acquired   
     $ 81,939,939   
   
     Less   
           
   
     Prepaid
    expenses   
       16,109   
   
     Fixed assets
    at cost   
       116,315   
   
     Security
    deposits   
       97,768   
   
     Non-compete
    agreement with founder   
       2,722,000   
   
     Website
    domain, trade name and trademark   
       969,000   
   
     Technology
    and licensed patents   
       12,200,000   
   
     Accounts
    payable and other current liabilities   
       ( 2,888,246 ) 
   
     Goodwill   
     $ 68,706,993   
     

 

 

 
     F- 13 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 


   



 The purchase price and purchase price allocation
for QPhoton was finalized as of September 30, 2022 with no significant changes to the preliminary amounts. However, after receiving the
report of the Third-Party Valuation Expert in July 2023, the Company determined that the purchase price allocation recorded in 2022 was
incorrect. The Company corrected the error in the amounts recognized for goodwill and intangible assets and this error correction was
reported in the Company’s Form 10-Q report for the period ending June 30, 2023, reflecting the amounts noted above. The impact
of this error correction was to reduce the Company’s net loss for the twelve months ending December 31, 2023 (the “2023 Net
Loss”) by $ 1,589,501  due to a reduction in intangible asset amortization expense related to the period for the twelve months ending
December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the Company’s 2023 Net Loss before the adjustment was $ 31,320,173 . The total goodwill the Company
recorded, net of the error correction, was $ 68.7 M for the QPhoton Merger, which is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.
The amount allocated to goodwill and intangible assets reflected the benefits the Company expected to realize from the growth of the
acquisition’s operations.   

 Note
Purchase Agreement – the Company and QPhoton 

   

 On
February 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the “Note Purchase Agreement”) with QPhoton, pursuant
to which the Company agreed to loan money to QPhoton using two unsecured promissory notes (each, a “Note”), each in the principal
amount of $ 1,250,000 , subject to the terms and conditions of the Note Purchase Agreement. Also on February 18, 2022, pursuant to the
terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company loaned the principal amount of $ 1,250,000  to QPhoton. On April 1, 2022, pursuant to
the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company loaned the principal amount of $ 1,250,000  to QPhoton, for a total loan under the
two Notes of $ 2,500,000 . 

   

 The
Note Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by QPhoton and the Company, as well as a “most favored
nations” provision for the benefit of the Company. The Notes issued under the Note Purchase Agreement, including the Notes issued
on February 18, 2022 and April 1, 2022, provide that the indebtedness evidenced by the applicable Note bears simple interest at the rate
of  6 % per annum (or  15 % per annum during the occurrence of an event of default, as defined in the Notes), and becomes due and payable
in full on the earlier of (i) March 1, 2023, subject to extension by  one year  at the option of QPhoton, (ii) a change of control (as
defined in the Notes) of QPhoton or (iii) an event of default. As a result of the merger, the Note and accrued interest is eliminated
through consolidation. However, the two Notes were not forgiven or converted to equity. 

   

 Note
4 –  Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

   

 As
a result of the merger with QPhoton, the Company has the following amounts related to intangible assets: 

   

 
   
         
     Intangible
    Assets as of:     
       
   
         
     December 31,     
     Amortizable 
   
     Amortizable
    Intangible Assets   
     2023     
     2022     
     Life 
   
     Customer relationships   
     $ -     
     $ 10,000,000     
     3  years 
   
     Non-compete agreement with
    founder   
       2,722,000     
       500,000     
     3  years 
   
     Website domain name and trademark   
       969,000     
       1,000,000     
     5  years 
   
     Employment agreements   
       -     
       2,250,000     
     2  years 
   
     Technology
    and licensed patents   
       12,200,000     
       11,722,220     
     10  years 
   
     Less:
    accumulated amortization   
       ( 4,502,985 )   
       ( 3,248,495 )   
       
   
     Net intangible
    assets   
     $ 11,388,015     
     $ 22,223,725     
       
   

   

 The
asset balances as of December 31, 2022 were corrected in the Company’s June 2023 financial results, as discussed in Note 3, Business
Combinations, Merger with QPhoton, Inc.   

 


 
     F- 14 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 The
aggregate amortization expense of the Company’s intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was  $1,254 ,490and
$ 3,248,495 , respectively.  The Company expects future amortization expense to be the following: 

   

 
   
         
     Amortization   
   
     2024   
     $ 2,843,991   
   
     2025   
       2,352,518   
   
     2026   
       1,936,657   
   
     2027   
       1,831,682   
   
     2028   
       1,742,857   
   
     Thereafter
    (2029-2032)   
       680,310   
   
     Total   
     $ 11,388,015   
   

   

 The
Company recorded goodwill resulting from the merger with QPhoton, calculated as the difference between the total purchase price and the
value of tangible and intangible assets acquired less the liabilities assumed. The Company recorded goodwill of $ 59,125,773.38  resulting
from the QPhoton merger.  The following table provides a summary of the changes in goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022: 

   

 
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
     Goodwill, at beginning
    of year   
       59,125,773     
     $ -   
   
     Goodwill additions   
       9,581,220     
       59,125,773   
   
     Goodwill
    deductions or impairment   
       8,347,126     
       -   
   
     Goodwill,
    at end of year   
     $ 60,359,867     
     $ 59,125,773   
   


   

 The
Company tested the intangible assets and goodwill for impairment as of December 31, 2023 and concluded there was no impairment of intangible
assets or goodwill at that time. 

   

 Note
5 –  Income Taxes: 

   

 The
Company has made no provision for income taxes because there has been no taxable income. 

   

 The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Number 109 (“SFAS 109”).
“Accounting for Income Taxes”, which requires a change from the deferred method to the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes.  Under the asset and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of “temporary
differences” by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. 

   

 
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
     Net operating
    loss carry-forwards   
     $ 14,528,229     
     $ 9,703,519   
   
     Valuation
    allowance   
       ( 14,528,229 )   
       ( 9,703,519 ) 
   
     Net deferred
    tax assets   
     $ -     
     $ -   
   

   

 At
December 31, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $ 14,528,229 . 

   

 Net
operating loss carryforwards are subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and the Company anticipates that
no more than an insignificant portion of this net operating allowance will ever be used against future taxable income. FASB Codification
ASC 740 requires changes in recognition and measurement for uncertain tax positions. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and concluded
that it is not aware of any uncertain tax positions. If this conclusion changes, the Company will assess the impact of any such changes
on its financial position and the results of operations. 

   


 
     F- 15 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Note
6 –  Financial Accounting Developments: 

   

 Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company as
of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet
effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. The Company has evaluated
the recently implemented accounting standards and concluded that none currently apply to the Company. 

   

 Note
7 –  Property and Equipment 

   

 
   
         
     December 31,     
     December 31,   
   
     Classification   
     2023     
     2022   
   
     Hardware &
    Equipment   
     $ 3,092,664     
     $ 1,026,829   
   
     Software   
       49,275     
       18,889   
   
     Total cost of property and
    equipment   
       3,141,939     
       1,045,718   
   
     Accumulated
    depreciation   
       272,281     
       70,549   
   
     Property
    and equipment, net   
     $ 2,869,658     
     $ 975,169   
   

   

 The
Company acquired $ 2,096,221  of property and equipment during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. It is the Company’s policy
to capitalize purchases of property and equipment with a cost of $ 2,500  or more that benefit future periods. 

   

 
   
         
     Estimated 
    Useful Life  (Years)   
   
     Computer and laboratory
    equipment   
       5   
   
     Network equipment   
       4   
   
     Minor equipment   
       3   
   
     Furniture and fixtures   
       7   
   
     Software   
       3   
   
     Leasehold improvements   
       5   
   

   

 Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations when incurred. When property and equipment are sold or otherwise disposed, the asset account and
related accumulated depreciation and amortization accounts are relieved, and any gain or loss is included in other income or expense. 

   

 Note
8 –  Loans 

   

 Notes
Payable – BV Advisory Partners, LLC 

   

 As
part of our business combination with QPhoton in June 2022, we acquired a note payable to BV Advisory Partners, LLC. On March 1, 2021,
QPhoton entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with BV Advisory. Under the Note Purchase Agreement, on March 1, 2021, March 23, 2021
and July 9, 2021, BV Advisory, a related party shareholder, purchased convertible promissory notes from QPhoton for $ 200,592 , $ 150,000 ,
and $ 150,000 , respectively, for a total of $ 500,592  (the “BV Notes”). The BV Notes all bore interest at a rate of  6 % per
annum and matured  2  years from the grant date. However, QPhoton only received approximately $ 375,000  in cash proceeds as $ 125,041  was
paid by BV Advisory directly to The Trustees of the Stevens Institute of Technology (“Stevens Institute”) on behalf of QPhoton,
to satisfy QPhoton’s obligations to reimburse costs incurred under the terms of their patent license agreement with the Stevens
Institute. 

   

 On
June 16, 2022 the Company tendered a cashier’s check to BV Advisory in the amount of $ 535,68.44 , representing the full principal
balance of the BV Notes and accrued interest through June 16, 2022. On July 14, 2022 BV Advisory returned the cashier’s check and
disputed the calculation of the amount paid to settle the BV Notes. The BV Notes and accrued interest are recorded as short-term liabilities.
On August 15, 2022, BV Advisory Partners, LLC (“BV Advisory”) filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware naming the Company and certain of its directors and officers (among others) as defendants (the “Lawsuit”).  BV
Advisory Partners, LLC v. Quantum Computing Inc. , et al., C.A. No. 2022-0719-VCG (Del. Ch.). BV Advisory is seeking, among other
relief, monetary damages for an alleged breach of the Note Purchase Agreement between BV Advisory and QPhoton, Inc., the predecessor
in interest to QPhoton, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as well as monetary damages for breach of an alleged binding letter
of intent among Barksdale Global Holdings, LLC, Inference Ventures, LLC and QPhoton, Inc. The Company believes that BV Advisory’s
claims have no merit and intends to defend itself vigorously. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in December 2022, and
in March 2023 Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint, oral argument
was held on October 11, 2023 and at this time that motion is pending before the Court. The Company does not believe it is necessary to
accrue an amount in addition to the principal and interest on the BV Notes at this time.   

 

 

 
     F- 16 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Unsecured
Promissory Note 

   

 On
September 23, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the “NPA”) with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the “Investor”),
pursuant to which the Investor purchased an unsecured promissory note (the “Note” or the “Streeterville Unsecured Note”)
in the initial principal amount of $ 8,250,000 . The Note bears interest at  10 % per annum. The maturity date of the Note is  18  months from
the date of its issuance (the “Maturity Date”). The Note carries an original issue discount of $ 750,000 , which is included
in the principal balance of the Note. If the Company elects to prepay the Note prior to the Maturity Date, it must pay to Investor  120 %
of the portion of the Outstanding Balance the Company elects to prepay. 

   

 Beginning
on the date that was six (6) months after the issuance date of the Note, the Investor has the right to redeem up to $ 750,000  of the outstanding
balance of the Note per month (“Redemption Amount”) by providing written notice to the Company (“Redemption Notice”).
Upon receipt of any Redemption Notice, the Company shall pay the applicable Redemption Amount in cash to the Investor within three (3)
trading days of the Company’s receipt of such Redemption Notice. No prepayment premium shall be payable in respect of any Redemption
Amount. As of December 31, 2023, Streeterville has redeemed $ 7,000,000  of the outstanding balance of the Note. 

   

 Pursuant
to the terms of the NPA, the parties provided customary representations and warranties to each other. Also, until amounts due under the
Note are paid in full, the Company agreed, among other things, to: (i) timely make all filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
(ii) ensure the Common Stock continues to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) (iii) ensure trading in Company’s
Common Stock will not be suspended, halted, chilled, frozen, reach zero bid or otherwise cease trading on Company’s principal trading
market, (iv) ensure Company will not make any Restricted Issuance (as defined in the Note) without Investor’s prior written consent,
which consent may be granted or withheld in Investor’s sole and absolute discretion, (v) ensure Company shall not enter into any
agreement or otherwise agree to any covenant, condition, or obligation that locks up, restricts in any way or otherwise prohibits Company
from entering into certain additional transactions with the Investor, and (vi) with the exception for Permitted Liens (as defined in
the Note) ensure Company will not pledge or grant a security interest in any of its assets without Investor’s prior written consent,
which consent may be granted on withheld in Investor’s sole and absolute discretion. 

   

 The
Note sets forth certain standard events of default (such event, an “Event of Default”) that generally, if uncured within
seven (7) trading days, may result in the discretion of the Investor in certain penalties under the terms of the Note. In this regard,
upon an Event of Default, Investor may accelerate the Note by written notice to the Company, with the outstanding balance becoming immediately
due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount (as defined in the Note). Additionally, upon written notice given by Investor
to the Company, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Balance beginning on the date the applicable Event of Default occurred at an
interest rate equal to the lesser of fifteen percent ( 15 %) per annum simple interest or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law
upon an Event of Default. 

   

 Note
Purchase Agreement Loan 

   

 On
May 16, 2023, the Company entered into a Summary of Proposed Terms (the “Letter of Intent”) with millionways, Inc. (“millionways”)
to provide bridge loans to millionways and enter into due diligence to acquire up to  100 % of the AI firm. On June 6, 2023, the Company
entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the “MW Agreement”) with millionways, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase
from millionways up to three unsecured promissory notes (each, a “MW Note”), in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 2,000,000 ,
subject to the terms and conditions of the MW Agreement. Also on June 6, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the MW Agreement, the Company
purchased the MW Notes from millionways and loaned an aggregate principal amount of $ 500,000  to millionways. 

   

 The
MW Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by millionways and the Company, as well as a “most favored nations”
provision for the benefit of the Company. The MW Notes issued under the MW Agreement, including the MW Notes issued on June 6, 2023,
provide that the indebtedness evidenced by the applicable MW Note bears simple interest at the rate of  10 % per annum (or  15 % per annum
during the occurrence of an event of default, as defined in the MW Notes), and becomes due and payable in full on the earlier of (i)
May 16, 2024, (ii) a change of control (as defined in the MW Notes) of millionways, (iii) dollar-for-dollar prepayment for additional
capital received through any vehicle from a third party or (iv) an event of default. 





   


 
     F- 17 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Note
9 –  Capital Stock: 

   

 Series
A Convertible Preferred Offering 

   

 From
November 10, 2021 through November 17, 2021, the Company conducted a private placement offering (the “Private Placement”)
pursuant to securities purchase agreements with 7 accredited investors (the “Series A Investors”), whereby the Series A Investors
purchased from the Company an aggregate of  1,545,459  shares of the Company’s newly created Series A Convertible Preferred stock,
par value $ 0.0001  per share (the “Series A Preferred Stock”) and warrants to purchase  1,545,459  shares of common stock for
an aggregate purchase price of $ 8,500,000 . The Private Placement was completed and closed to further investment on November 17, 2021. 

   

 The
Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and liquidation rights. Each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding and held by
such holder, dividends at the rate of ten percent ( 10 %) per annum (the “Preferred Dividends.”) The Company is obligated to
pay the Preferred Dividends quarterly, in arrears, within fifteen (15) days of the end of each quarter. The Company has the option to
pay the Preferred Dividends in cash or in common stock, at a price per share of common stock equal to the average of the closing sale
price of the common stock for the five (5) trading days preceding the applicable dividend payment date. The Preferred Dividends are accrued
monthly, but not compounded, and are recorded as interest expense, because the Preferred Dividends are mandatory and not declared at
the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

   

 The
number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of any share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be determined by dividing (x)
the Conversion Amount of such share of Series A Preferred Stock by (y) the Conversion Price. “Conversion Amount” means, with
respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) the stated value thereof
plus (2) any accrued dividends. “Conversion Price” means, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of any
optional conversion date, Mandatory Conversion Date or other date of determination, $ 5.50 , subject to adjustment for stock splits, dividends,
recapitalizations and similar corporate events. 

   

 The
Warrants are two-year warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of $ 7.00  per share, subject to adjustment, and
are exercisable at any time on or after the date that is six (6) months following the issuance date. The warrants provide for cashless
exercise in the event the underlying shares of common stock are not registered. As of December 31, 2023, all of the Warrants had expired
unexercised. 

   

 In
connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Series A Investors entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration
Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement to register the shares of common stock
underlying the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants within 180 days. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Series A Investors
received certain rights, including but not limited to piggyback registration rights, providing that the holder be given notice of any
proposed registration of securities by the Company, and requiring that the Company register all or any portion of the registrable securities
that the holders request to be registered, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

   

 On
April 27, 2022 the Company filed a Resale Form S-3 as required by the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed
to file a registration statement to register the shares of common stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants within 180
days from the closing of the Private Placement. The Resale Form S-3 went effective on June 2, 2022. 

   

 On
June 13, 2022, one of the Series A Investors, Falcon Capital Partners, converted  45,455  shares of Series A Convertible Preferred stock
into  47,728  shares of common stock. 

   

 On
February 9, 2023, one of the Series A Investors, Greenfield Children, LLC, converted  10,000  shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
stock plus accrued dividends into  11,096  shares of common stock. 

   

 As
of March 28, 2024, the Board has authorized two classes of preferred stock. The Board has authorized  1,550,000  shares of preferred stock
as the Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001  per share, of which  1,490,004  shares are issued and outstanding. The Board
has also authorized  3,079,864  shares of preferred stock as the Series B Preferred Stock, par value $ 0.0001  per share, of which  0  shares
are issued and outstanding.   

 


 
     F- 18 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Other
Offerings 

   

 On
January 20, 2023 the Company issued  750,000  shares of common stock to Draper, Inc. and  750,000  shares of common stock to Carriage House
Capital, Inc. as compensation for services rendered in support of the QPhoton merger. 

   

 On
May 3, 2023, the Company issued  853,600  shares of common stock to thirty-five (35) employees as payment in lieu of cash for 2022 performance
bonuses (the “Bonus Shares”). The Bonus Shares are restricted with the following vesting schedule: one-half vested on December
31, 2023 and one-half vesting on December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the Company canceled  23,600  of the issued shares that were
forfeited by employees no longer with the Company. 

   

 On
December 19,2023, the Company issued  75,000  shares of common stock to FMW Media Works as compensation for services rendered in support
of marketing and communications. 

   

 From January 19, 2023 through December 31, 2023, the
Company sold  17,571,926  shares of common stock through its At-The-Market (ATM) facility, managed by Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC, at
an average price of $ 1.45 . The Company received gross proceeds of $ 25,496,364  and paid a fee of three percent ( 3 %) to Ascendiant Capital
Markets, LLC. 
   

 Note
10 –  Stock Based Compensation 

   

 Incentive
Plans and Options 

   

 The
Company’s 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended in 2021 (the “2019 Plan”) enabled the Company to grant incentive
stock options or nonqualified stock options and other equity awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company up to a total
of  3,000,000  shares of common stock. All  3,000,000  shares available for issue under the 2019 Plan have been issued. 

   

 On
July 5, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the Company’s 2022. Equity and Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”) which
provides for the issuance of up to  16,000,000  shares of the Company’s common stock. The 2022 Plan was approved by a majority of
the shareholders in September 2022. Per the 2022 Plan, the 2022 Plan reserves increased automatically by  1,000,000  shares on January
1, 2023, providing for a total issuance of up to  17,000,000  shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2023, a total of  13,595,929  shares
and options were issued and outstanding under the 2022 Plan. 

   

 The
following table presents the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the grant-date fair value of stock
options granted: 

   

 
   
       
       
     Twelve Months
    Ended 
       
   
       
       
     December 31, 
       
   
       
       
     2023 
       
       
     2022 
       
   
     Exercise price 
       
     $ 
     0.85  –  1.84 
       
       
     $ 
     1.67  –  2.61 
       
   
     Risk-free interest rate 
       
       
     4.7  –  5.0 % 
       
       
       
     0.6  –  4.0 % 
       
   
     Expected volatility 
       
       
     194  –  214 % 
       
       
       
     336  –  369 % 
       
   
     Expected dividend yield 
       
       
     0 % 
       
       
       
     0 % 
       
   
     Expected life of options (in years) 
       
       
     5.0 
       
       
       
     5.0 
       
   
   

 The
following table summarizes the Company’s option activity since December 31, 2022: 

   

 
   
       
       
     Weighted 
       
       
     Weighted 
       
       
       
       
   
       
       
     Average 
       
       
     Average 
       
       
       
       
   
       
       
     Number  of 
       
       
     Exercise 
       
       
     Contractual 
       
   
       
       
     Shares 
       
       
     Price 
       
       
     Term 
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     (in years) 
       
   
     Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
       
       
     9,601,237 
       
       
     $ 
     3.42 
       
       
       
     4.0 
       
   
     Granted 
       
       
     5,340,000 
       
       
       
     1.38 
       
       
       
     5.0   
       
   
     Exercised 
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     - 
       
       
       
     -  
       
   
     Forfeited 
       
       
     ( 1,097,738 
     ) 
       
       
     3.32 
       
       
       
     -  
       
   
     Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
       
       
     13,843,499 
       
       
     $ 
     4.02 
       
       
       
     3.7 
       
   
     Vested as of December 31, 2023 
       
       
     7,978,074 
       
       
     $ 
     3.39 
       
       
       
     3.3 
       
     
 


 
     F- 19 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 The
following table summarizes the exercise price range as of December 31, 2023: 

   

 
   
     Exercise
    Price 
       
       
     Outstanding
    Options 
       
       
     Exercisable
    Options 
       
   
     $ 
     0.85 
       
       
       
       120,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     0.86 
       
       
       
       30,000   
       
       
       
       10,000 
       
   
     $ 
     0.94 
       
       
       
       30,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.00 
       
       
       
       138,970   
       
       
       
       138,970 
       
   
     $ 
     1.16 
       
       
       
       30,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.18 
       
       
       
       300,000   
       
       
       
       100,000 
       
   
     $ 
     1.19 
       
       
       
       55,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.20 
       
       
       
       87,500   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.28 
       
       
       
       50,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.33 
       
       
       
       25,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.35 
       
       
       
       3,780,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.44 
       
       
       
       150,000   
       
       
       
       72,224 
       
   
     $ 
     1.45 
       
       
       
       225,000   
       
       
       
       225,000 
       
   
     $ 
     1.51 
       
       
       
       5,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.52 
       
       
       
       60,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.67 
       
       
       
       16,666   
       
       
       
       16,666 
       
   
     $ 
     1.74 
       
       
       
       25,000   
       
       
       
      - 
       
   
     $ 
     1.84 
       
       
       
       567,500   
       
       
       
       377,500 
       
   
     $ 
     1.95 
       
       
       
       180,000   
       
       
       
       180,000 
       
   
     $ 
     2.37 
       
       
       
       4,911,528   
       
       
       
       4,396,819 
       
   
     $ 
     2.40 
       
       
       
       1,010,001   
       
       
       
       720,001 
       
   
     $ 
     2.56 
       
       
       
       287,500   
       
       
       
       95,834 
       
   
     $ 
     2.61 
       
       
       
       150,000   
       
       
       
       105,560 
       
   
     $ 
     3.58 
       
       
       
       65,000   
       
       
       
       65,000 
       
   
     $ 
     5.69 
       
       
       
       12,500   
       
       
       
       12,500 
       
   
     $ 
     5.70 
       
       
       
       25,000   
       
       
       
       16,666 
       
   
     $ 
     6.49 
       
       
       
       38,334   
       
       
       
       33,334 
       
   
     $ 
     6.85 
       
       
       
       650,000   
       
       
       
       650,000 
       
   
     $ 
     7.00 
       
       
       
       18,000   
       
       
       
       12,000 
       
   
     $ 
     8.85 
       
       
       
       100,000   
       
       
       
       66,666 
       
   
     $ 
     10.00 
       
       
       
       650,000   
       
       
       
       650,000 
       
   
     $ 
     11.51 
       
       
       
       50,000   
       
       
       
       33,334 
       
   
       
       
       
       
       
     13,843,499 
       
       
       
     7,978,074 
       
   
   

 The
weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $ 1.38  per share
and $ 2.38  per share, respectively.  

   

 Stock-based
compensation 

   

 The
Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to common stock options and restricted common stock in the following expense
categories of its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 

   

 
   
         
     Twelve
    Months Ended   
   
         
     December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
     Research and development   
       3,660,068     
       2,758,465   
   
     General
    and administrative   
       5,062,698     
       15,003,002   
   
     Total
    stock-based compensation   
     $ 8,722,766     
     $ 17,761,467   
   

   

 As
of December 31, 2023, total unrecognized compensation cost related to common stock options was $ 6.0  million, which is expected to be
recognized over a period of  4.0  years.   

 


 
     F- 20 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Warrants 

    

 In
connection with a restricted stock units offering in June 2020, the Company issued warrants in August 2020 to purchase  171,000  shares
of the Company’s common stock, at an exercise price of $ 2.00 . Those warrants are exercisable for  five years  from the date of issuance.
In connection with an offering of Series A Convertible Preferred stock in November 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase  1,545,459 
shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $ 7.00 . Those warrants were exercisable for  two years  from the date
of issuance and have now expired. In connection with the QPhoton merger on June 16, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase  6,325,503 
shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $ 0.0001 . Those warrants are exercisable when and if stock options
and warrants issued and outstanding as of June 15, 2022, are exercised.  The following table summarizes the warrants outstanding at December
31, 2023: 

   

 
   
     Issuance
    Date   
     Expiration
    Date   
     Exercise
    Price     
     Issued     
     Exercised     
     Forfeited
    / 
    Canceled     
     Warrants 
    Outstanding   
   
     August 18, 2020   
     August 18, 2025   
     $ 2.00     
       171,000     
       ( 150,000 )   
       -     
       21,000   
   
     November 15, 2021   
     November 15, 2023   
     $ 7.00     
       1,545,459     
             
       ( 1,545,459 )   
       -   
   
     June 16, 2022   
     May 9, 2027   
     $ 0.0001     
       6,325,503     
       -     
       ( 3,309,433 )   
       3,016,070   
   

   

 Note
11 –  Related Party Transactions 

   

 There
were no related party transactions during the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.  

   

 Note
12 –  Operating Leases: 

   

 The
Company has use of space in five different locations, Hoboken, NJ, Tempe, AZ Leesburg, VA, Arlington, VA, and Minneapolis, MN, under
lease or membership agreements, which expire at various dates through October 31, 2028. The Company’s leases do not provide an
implicit rate, and therefore the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate when measuring operating lease assets
and liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur at lease commencement
to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease. 

   

 The
table below reconciles the undiscounted future minimum lease payments under these operating leases to the total operating lease liabilities
recognized on the consolidate balance sheet as of December 31, 2023: 

   

 
   
     Year   
     Lease
    Payments 
    Due   
   
     2024   
     $ 338,319   
   
     2025   
     $ 576,078   
   
     2026   
     $ 591,551   
   
     2027   
     $ 515,981   
   
     2028   
     $ 191,008   
   
     Less: imputed Interest   
     $ ( 638,740 ) 
   
     Present Value of operating
    lease liabilities   
     $ 1,619,197   
   

   

 Other
information related to operating lease liabilities consists of the following: 

   

 
   
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
   
         
     2023     
     2022   
   
         
           
         
   
     Cash paid for
    operating lease liabilities   
     $ 411,700     
     $ 125,238   
   
     Weighted average remaining
    lease term in years   
       3.7     
       4.7   
   
     Weighted average discount rate   
       10 %   
       10 % 
   


   


 
     F- 21 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 

   

 Note
13 –  License Agreement – Stevens Institute of Technology 

   

 Effective
December 17 th , 2020, QPhoton signed a License Agreement with the Stevens Institute. The License Agreement enables the Company
to commercially use technology such as licensed patents, licensed patent applications and licensed “Know-How”. QPhoton is
also able to issue sublicenses for the technology under the agreement. The agreement is effective until the later of: (i) the 30-year
anniversary of the effective date, or (ii) the expiration of the licensed patent or licensed patent application that is last to expire.
As part of the merger of the Company and QPhoton, the Stevens License Agreement was assigned to the Company. 

   

 During
the term of the agreement and prior to any commercialization or sublicensing of the technology by the Company, the Company shall be required
to submit annual reports to the Stevens Institute reporting on all research, development, and efforts toward commercialization and/or
sublicensing made during the year. Once any commercialization and/or sublicensing has been initiated, the Company shall deliver quarterly
reports to the Stevens Institute reporting on the revenue received by the Company, all sublicenses derived from the sale of licensed
products, and the net sales price associated with each transaction. The Company will be responsible for reimbursing Stevens for any costs
associated with the prosecution and maintenance of the licensed patents and licensed patent applications moving forward. 

   

 Consideration
for the agreement 

   

 As
consideration for the license and other rights granted under the agreement, QPhoton agreed to pay the following: (i) $35,000 within 30
days of execution of the agreement, (ii) $28,000 within 30 days of each annual anniversary of the effective date, (iii) equity in the
Company equivalent to nine percent of the membership units of the Company within 30 days of the execution of the agreement, and (iv)
royalties of 3.5% of the Net Sales Price of each licensed product sold or licensed by the Company during the quarter then-ended, for
which it also received payment, concurrent with the delivery of the relevant quarterly report. 

   

 As
of December 31, 2023 the Company has begun to commercialize some of the licensed technology, though the Company has not recorded any
related revenue and hence has not incurred any royalty expenses payable to the Stevens Institute. 

   

 Note
14 –  Subsequent Events: 

   

 Effective
January 31, 2024 the Board terminated Mr. Liscouski as CEO and President, without “Cause” as such term is defined in the
Liscouski Employment Agreement. Subject to the signing of a separation agreement which will contain a release in favor of the Company,
Mr. Liscouski will receive (i) the payments and benefits detailed in Sections 6.2 and 6.4 of the Liscouski Employment Agreement and (ii)
 168,000  shares of restricted common stock that are owed to Mr. Liscouski pursuant to his 2022 performance review. Mr. Liscouski will
continue to serve the Company in his capacity as Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Risk Committee. Starting on February 1, 2024,
Mr. Liscouski will be paid a cash director fee of $ 12,500  per month for his service as Chairman. 

   

 Chief
Executive Officer Appointment 

   

 In
connection with the succession planning for the role of CEO and President, on the Effective Date, the Board promoted Dr. William J. McGann,
the Company’s Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer, to the positions of CEO and President (the “CEO Appointment”),
effective February 1, 2024. The terms of the employment agreement entered into between the Company and Dr. McGann, dated January 3, 2022
(the “McGann Employment Agreement”), shall remain the same. The Company plans to amend the McGann Employment Agreement in
the coming weeks to indicate the change of title. Dr. McGann will continue to be paid an annual salary of $ 400,000  per his employment
agreement. 

   

 On
January 18, 2024, the Company announced that two of its engineers,  Dr. Yuping Huang, QCi’s
Chief Quantum Officer and Dr. Lac Thi Thanh Nguyen, the Quantum Technology Lead for QCi’s Cybersecurity platform,  have received
the 44 th  Edison-Patent Award for their pathbreaking contributions to quantum-secured privacy-preserving computations. This
recognition underscores their work in addressing cybersecurity threats through a revolutionary method of quantum authentication and private-data
computing that can process and verify information without sharing that information.   The patent,
which was granted approval in the United States and over 40 other countries during 2023, addresses a method for quantum authentication
and zero-knowledge proof for network security that uses fundamental quantum physics to protect passwords, private information, and
online assets without ever disclosing private data in process, either with each other or with external parties or computing processes.
This unconditional security fills a critical security breach vulnerability by offering a way to effectively secure identity
authentication, data mining, and digital assets in an untrusted environment. Designed to be compatible with existing fiber-based
communication infrastructure and satellite-based networks, the patent is a broad-use award based on a fundamental methodology for secure
networking among multiple parties, uniquely combining quantum authentication and encryption in a single step and thereby safeguarding
an entire network at all points of slippage.   

 

 

 
     F- 22 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 


   

 On
February 14, 2024 the Company announced that it has been awarded a fourth subcontract with NASA to study sun noise reduction in LIDAR
images using the EQC. The prime contractor for this award is Analytical Mechanics Associates.  This
technology would be an effective and affordable method for NASA to measure the unique physical properties of clouds and aerosols to prepare
for space missions at any time of day and offers a superior alternative to the traditional noise reduction methodologies that require
a larger laser and restrictive bandwidth filtering at greater size, weight, power and cost. 

   

 On
February 29, 2024, the Company announced the release of the first quantum photonic computing machine, Dirac-3. At a disruptive price
starting at $ 300,000 , the Dirac-3 is an EQC that is an optimization machine designed to address complex problems with larger numbers
of variables that require unconventional solutions using nonlinear quantum optics. Dirac is the first and only system of its type to
natively solve integer problems using quantum digits (qudits), each qudit having a dimension of 200 discrete modes. This unique capability,
through all-to-all connectivity, expands the use of quantum technology far beyond the current quantum computing devices on the market
that use quantum bits. The Dirac system is designed for on premises installation, is rack mountable, operates at ambient temperature,
requires no special infrastructure for daily use, and utilizes less than 80 Watts of energy. The Company’s initial sales focus
will be across the healthcare, financial services, supply chain, energy management, autonomous vehicle, and molecular modeling industries. 

   

 On
January 31, 2024, BV Advisory Partners, LLC, and its chief executive officer, Keith Barksdale (the “BV Defendants”), alleged
stockholders of and claimants against the Company, filed a motion for reconsideration of his original 2023 motion to dismiss. The motion
and our opposition were argued before the Superior Court of New Jersey (the “NJ Court”) on February 15, 2024. On March 7,
2024, the NJ Court issued an order, granting the BV Defendant’s motion dismissing the Company’s case on procedural grounds
because, according to the NJ Court, the Company can assert its claims. The Company has 45 days in which to file an appeal and is evaluating
whether it should file the claims in Delaware or appeal the NJ Court’s ruling. 

   

 From
January 1, 2024, through March 1, 2024, the Company repaid $ 2,094,378  of principal and accrued interest on the Streeterville Unsecured
Note, for a cumulative redemption amount of $ 9,094,378 . As of March 1, 2024, the Company has fully repaid the Streeterville Unsecured
Note. 

   

 On
March 19, 2024, the “Company entered into a Redemption and Waiver Agreement (the “Redemption Agreement”) with the holders
(the “Series A Holders”) of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”). Pursuant to the
Redemption Agreement, the Company agreed to redeem all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock for an aggregate cash purchase price
of $ 8,195,000.00 , or $ 5.50  per share, at its sole discretion, in eighteen (18) monthly payments (each a “Monthly Redemption Threshold”
payment), which may be accelerated at the Company’s sole discretion. In addition, the Series A Holders agreed to waive (the “Waivers”),
on a month-by-month basis following each monthly payment, certain rights granted to them in (i) the Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation
(the “Preferred Stock COD”), including for the accrual and payment of accrued and future dividends; and (ii) the Preferred
Stock Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Preferred Stock SPA”). In the event the Company opts to not make a Monthly Redemption
Threshold payment, the Waivers are forfeited and the terms revert to those detailed in the Preferred Stock COD and Preferred Stock SPA.
As of March 28, 2024, the Company has redeemed  82,783  shares of Preferred Stock for an aggregate $ 455,307  in cash paid to the Series
A Holders. The issued and outstanding balance of Preferred Stock as of March 28, 2024 is  1,407,221 . 

   

 On March 26, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications
Staff of Nasdaq that the Company had regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, as the closing bid
price of the Company’s common stock had been at $ 1.00  per share or greater during the prior 10 consecutive business days. 

   

 There
are no other events of a subsequent nature that in management’s opinion are reportable. 

   

 

 
     F- 23 
     

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 1254490 
 
 
 53568.44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 false 
 FY 
 0001758009 
 
 
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-06-30 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-10-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:CorporateHistoryMember 
     
   
   
     2018-07-20 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:MergerWithQPhotonIncMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:MergerWithQPhotonIncMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:MergerWithQPhotonIncMember 
       us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-06-16 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:QPhotonMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:MeasurementInputMaturityMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:NonCompeteAgreementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:NonCompeteAgreementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PatentedTechnologyMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PatentedTechnologyMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:PurchaseAgreementMember 
     
   
   
     2022-02-18 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:QPhotonMember 
     
   
   
     2022-02-18 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-04-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-04-01 
     2022-04-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-02-18 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-03-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:NoncompeteAgreementWithFounderMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:NoncompeteAgreementWithFounderMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:EmploymentAgreementsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:EmploymentAgreementsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:TechnologyAndLicensedPatentsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:TechnologyAndLicensedPatentsMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:HardwareAndEquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:HardwareAndEquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:TechnologyEquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:EquipmentMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-03-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-03-23 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-07-09 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:BVAdvisoryPartnersLLCMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:BVNotesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:BVAdvisoryPartnersLLCMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-06-16 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:StreetervilleCapitalLLCMember 
     
   
   
     2022-09-22 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:StreetervilleCapitalLLCMember 
     
   
   
     2022-09-22 
     2022-09-22 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-09-22 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:millionwaysMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-16 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-05-16 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-06-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
     
   
   
     2023-06-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
     
   
   
     2023-06-06 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-11-10 
     2021-11-17 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2021-11-17 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:FalconCapitalPartnersMember 
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-06-13 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:FalconCapitalPartnersMember 
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2022-06-13 
     2022-06-13 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:GreenfieldChildrenLLCMember 
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-02-09 
     2023-02-09 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:DraperIncMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-20 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:CarriageHouseCapitalIncMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-20 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-05-03 
   
 
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-12-19 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:AscendiantCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-19 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:AscendiantCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:AscendiantCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:Options2019Member 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-07-05 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2023-01-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:Options2022Member 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2020-08-01 
     2020-08-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
     
   
   
     2020-08-01 
     2020-08-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2021-11-01 
     2021-11-30 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
     
   
   
     2021-11-01 
     2021-11-30 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-06-16 
     2022-06-16 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
     
   
   
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MinimumMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:MaximumMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
   
   
     2022-12-31 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointEightFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointEightFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointEightSixMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointEightSixMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointNineFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointNineFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointOneSixMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointOneSixMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointOneEightMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointOneEightMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointOneEineMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointOneEineMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointTwoZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointTwoZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointTwoEightMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointTwoEightMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointThreeThreeMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointThreeThreeMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointThreeFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointThreeFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFourFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFourFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFourFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFourFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFiveOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFiveOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFiveTwoMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointFiveTwoMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointSixSevenMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointSixSevenMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointSevenFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointSevenFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointEightFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointEightFourMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointEineFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceOnePointEineFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointThreeSevenMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointThreeSevenMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointFourZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointFourZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointFiveSixMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointFiveSixMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointSixOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointSixOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceThreePointFiveEightMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceThreePointFiveEightMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceFivePointSixNineMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceFivePointSixNineMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceFivePointSevenZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceFivePointSevenZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceSixPointFourNineMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceSixPointFourNineMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceSixPointEightFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceSixPointEightFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceSevenPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceSevenPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceEightPointEightFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceEightPointEightFiveMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTenPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceTenPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceElevenPointFiveOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:ExercisePriceElevenPointFiveOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember 
     
   
   
     2022-01-01 
     2022-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       qubt:ExercisePriceTwoPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       qubt:ExercisePriceSevenPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       qubt:ExercisePriceSevenPointZeroZeroMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointZeroZeroZeroOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-01-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       qubt:ExercisePriceZeroPointZeroZeroZeroOneMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-01-31 
     2024-01-31 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-02-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-02-29 
     2024-02-29 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       qubt:StreetervilleMember 
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-01-01 
     2024-03-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-01 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-19 
     2024-03-19 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-28 
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001758009 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-26 
   
 
   iso4217:USD 
 
   xbrli:shares 
 
   
     
       iso4217:USD 
     
     
       xbrli:shares 
     
   
 
   xbrli:pure 
 

 
 
