
 10-K
 1
 zais_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT
 

 
 
    
 

 
 
 

   
       
 UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
 ____________________ 
 FORM 10-K  
 

   
     x 
            
     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
      TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
  1934 
   
       
     
     For the fiscal year
      ended December 31, 2013 
   
     OR 
   
     o 
     
     TRANSITION REPORT
      PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934 
   
     
     
     For the transition
      period
      from            
       to 
 Commission File Number: 001-35808
 ______________________________ 
 ZAIS FINANCIAL CORP.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  ______________________________ 
 

   
     Maryland 
     90-0729143 
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of
      incorporation or organization) 
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification
      No.) 
   
       
   
     Two Bridge Avenue, Suite
      322 
     
   
     Red Bank, New
      Jersey 
     07701-1106 
   
     (Address of principal executive
      offices) 
     (Zip
Code) 
 (732) 978-7518   (Registrant's telephone
number, including area code)  ______________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act:   
 

   
     Title of Each Class 
            
     Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered 
   
     Common Stock, $0.0001 par
    value 
     
     New York Stock
  Exchange 
 Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act: None
 ______________________________ 
       Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act. Yes  o   No  x 
     
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes  o   No  x 
     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x   No  o 
     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes  x  No  o 
     
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  x 
     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer"
and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
 

   
     Large accelerated filer  o 
     
     Accelerated filer  o 
   
     Non-accelerated filer  x 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting
      company) 
     Smaller reporting
  company  o 
     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o    No  x 
     
 As of June 30, 2013, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $142,450,202 based on
the closing sales price of the registrant’s common stock on Friday, June 28,
2013 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.  
     
 On March 10, 2014, the registrant had a total of 7,970,886 shares of
common stock, $0.0001 par value, outstanding.  
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
     
 Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement for the 2014 annual meeting
of stockholders scheduled to be held on or about May 9, 2014 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this
annual report on Form 10-K.
 
 

 
 CONTENTS   
 

   
     
     
     
            
     Page 
   
     PART I 
            
     
     
     3 
   
            Item 1. 
     
     Business 
     
     3 
   
            Item
      1A. 
     
     Risk Factors 
     
     9 
   
            Item 1B. 
     
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     
     51 
   
            Item
      2. 
     
     Properties 
     
     51 
   
            Item 3. 
     
     Legal Proceedings 
     
     51 
   
            Item
      4. 
     
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     
     51 
   
     PART II 
     
     
     
     52 
   
            Item 5. 
     
     Market for Registrant's Common Equity,
      Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
      Securities 
     
     52 
   
            Item 6. 
     
     Selected Financial Data 
     
     55 
   
            Item
      7. 
     
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of
      Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     
     56 
   
            Item 7A. 
     
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
      Risk 
     
     76 
   
            Item
      8. 
     
     Financial Statements and Supplementary
      Data 
     
     79 
   
            Item 9. 
     
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
      Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     
     109 
   
            Item
      9A. 
     
     Controls and Procedures 
     
     110 
   
            Item 9B. 
     
     Other Information 
     
     111 
   
     PART III 
     
     
     
     112 
   
            Item 10. 
     
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
      Governance 
     
     112 
   
            Item
      11. 
     
     Executive Compensation 
     
     112 
   
            Item 12. 
     
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
      Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     
     112 
   
            Item
      13. 
     
     Certain Relationships and Related
      Transactions and Director Independence 
     
     112 
   
            Item 14. 
     
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
     
     112 
   
     PART IV 
     
     
     
     113 
   
            Item 15. 
     
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
     
     113 
   
     Signatures 
     
     
     
     116 
 - i -  
 

 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 
       The Company
makes forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"). For these statements, the Company claims the
protections of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in such
Sections. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and
uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond
the Company's control. These forward-looking statements include information
about possible or assumed future results of the Company's business, financial
condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When the
Company uses the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan,"
"continue," "intend," "should," "could," "would," "may," "potential" or the
negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, the Company intends to
identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding the following
subjects, among others, may be forward-looking:  
 the Company's
  investment objectives and business strategy;   
   the Company's ability to obtain future financing
  arrangements;   
   the Company's expected leverage;   
   the Company's expected
  investments;   
   estimates or statements relating to, and the
  Company's ability to make, future distributions;   
   the Company's ability to compete in the
  marketplace;   
   the Company's ability to originate or acquire the
  assets it targets and achieve risk-adjusted returns;   
   the Company's ability to borrow funds at favorable
  rates;   
   market, industry and economic trends;
     
   recent market developments and actions taken and
  to be taken by the U.S. Government, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and
  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Depositary
  Insurance Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association ("Fannie
  Mae"), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("Freddie Mac"), the
  Government National Mortgage Association ("Ginnie Mae") and the U.S.
  Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC");    
   mortgage loan modification programs and future
  legislative actions;    
   the Company's ability to maintain its
  qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT");    
   the Company's ability to maintain its exemption
  from qualification under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
  "1940 Act");    
   projected capital and operating
  expenditures;   
   availability of qualified personnel;
     
   prepayment
  rates; and   
   projected default rates.  
 - 1 -  
 

 
       The Company's
beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible
events or factors, not all of which are known to the Company or are within its
control, including:  
 the factors
  referenced in this annual report on Form 10-K, including those set forth under
  Item 1, "Business" and Item 1A, "Risk Factors" 
     
   general volatility of the capital
  markets;   
   changes in the Company's investment objectives and
  business strategy;   
   the availability, terms and deployment of
  capital;   
   the availability of suitable investment
  opportunities;    
   the Company's dependence on its external advisor,
  ZAIS REIT Management, LLC (the "Advisor"), and the Company's ability to find a
  suitable replacement if the Company or the Advisor were to terminate the
  investment advisory agreement the Company has entered into with the Advisor;
     
   changes in the Company's assets, interest rates or
  the general economy;    
   increased rates of default and/or decreased
  recovery rates on the Company's investments;    
   changes in interest rates, interest rate spreads,
  the yield curve or prepayment rates;  changes in
  prepayments of the Company's assets;    
   limitations on the Company's business as a result
  of its qualification as a REIT; and   
   the degree and nature of the Company's
  competition, including competition for residential mortgage-backed securities
  ("RMBS"), loans or its other target assets. 
     
 Upon the occurrence of these or other factors, the Company's business,
financial condition, liquidity and consolidated results of operations may vary
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any such forward-looking
statements.  
     
 Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. These forward-looking
statements apply only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. The
Company is not obligated, and does not intend, to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this annual report on Form
10-K.   
 - 2 -  
 

 
 PART I 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K,
references to the "Company" refer to ZAIS Financial Corp., a Maryland
corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries; references to the
Advisor refer to ZAIS REIT Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company; references to the "Operating Partnership" refer to ZAIS Financial
Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership; in each case unless specifically
stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates, and references to
"risk-adjusted returns" refer to the profile of expected asset returns across a
range of potential macroeconomic scenarios. 
 
 Item 1. Business.  
 GENERAL  
       The Company is
a Maryland corporation that was organized and commenced operations on July 29,
2011 and completed its initial public offering (the "IPO") on February 13, 2013.
The Company's shares of common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange
("NYSE") under the Symbol "ZFC."  
     
 The Company primarily invests in, finances and manages performing and
re-performing residential mortgage loans, which may be seasoned or recently
originated. The Company also invests in, finances and manages RMBS that are not
issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation, such as Fannie Mae,
or Freddie Mac, or an agency of the U.S. Government, such as Ginnie Mae
("non-Agency RMBS") with an emphasis on securities that, when originally issued,
were rated in the highest rating category by one or more of the nationally
recognized statistical rating organizations. The Company also has the discretion
to invest in mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs"), RMBS that are issued or
guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation or a U.S. Government agency
("Agency RMBS"), including through To-Be-Announced ("TBA") contracts, and in
other real estate-related and financial assets, such as interest only strips
created from RMBS ("IOs"), commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") and
asset-backed securities ("ABS"). The Company refers collectively to the assets
it targets for acquisition as its target assets.  
        The
Company plans over time to evolve its whole loan strategy to include  newly originated residential mortgage loans,
which  the Company expects to become a core
component of its strategy. While the Company has not yet begun originating or  purchasing newly originated loans, it has
taken steps to build out its  capabilities. The Company believes that this business will benefit from the  existing expertise
of the Advisor, a subsidiary of ZAIS Group, LLC ("ZAIS"), in  mortgage product development, loan pricing, hedging and
analytics, due  diligence, risk management and servicing oversight. The Company may pursue  opportunities for the origination
and purchase of newly originated mortgage  loans through a loan seller network or through the acquisition or establishment
of a mortgage origination platform. 
     
 The Company's income is generated primarily by the net spread between the
income it earns on its assets and the cost of its financing and hedging
activities. The Company's objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted
returns to its stockholders, primarily through quarterly distributions and
secondarily through capital appreciation.  
     
 The Company is externally managed and advised by the Advisor. Pursuant to
the terms of the investment advisory agreement between the Company and the
Advisor, the Advisor is responsible for the Company's investment strategies and
decisions and its day-to-day operations. 
     
 The Company completed its formation transaction and commenced operations
on July 29, 2011. The formation transaction involved the exchange by investors
in two funds from the Matrix VI series of funds, managed by ZAIS, of cash and
RMBS assets for an aggregate of 3,022,617 shares of the Company's common stock.
The Company received approximately $60.5 million in this transaction, including
$8.65 million from certain current and former employees of ZAIS and relatives of
such persons as well as current and former members and owners of ZAIS (the "ZAIS
Parties"), and deployed the cash together with additional borrowings to build a
diversified portfolio of RMBS assets. 
 - 3 -  
 

 
       On February
13, 2013, the Company successfully completed its IPO, pursuant to which the
Company sold 5,650,000 shares of its common stock to the public at a price of
$21.25 per share for gross proceeds of $120.1 million. Net proceeds after the
payment of offering costs of approximately $1.2 million were $118.9 million. In
connection with the IPO, the Advisor paid $6.3 million in underwriting fees. The
Company did not pay any underwriting fees, discounts or commissions in
connection with the IPO. 
     
 The Operating Partnership issued and sold $57,500,000 aggregate principal
amount of its 8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016 (the "Exchangeable Senior
Notes") in a private transaction on November 25, 2013. See Item 7, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources" of this annual report on Form 10-K,
for a discussion of the terms of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. 
     
 As of December 31, 2013, the Company held a diversified portfolio of
fixed rate mortgage loans and adjustable rate mortgage loans ("ARMs") with an
estimated fair value of $331.8 million and RMBS assets with an estimated fair
value of $226.2 million, consisting primarily of senior tranches of non-Agency
RMBS that were originally highly rated but subsequently downgraded. The
borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its portfolio totaled
approximately $374.7 million as of December 31, 2013 under a master loan
repurchase agreement (the "Loan Repurchase Facility") with Citibank, N.A., as
well as under master securities repurchase agreements with four counterparties.
The Company is also in discussions with other financial institutions to provide
it with additional borrowing capacity under various agreements, including
repurchase agreements and other types of financing arrangements.  
     
 The Company is a Maryland corporation and is organized in a traditional
umbrella partnership real estate investment trust ("UpREIT") format pursuant to
which the Company serves as the general partner of, and conducts substantially
all of its business through, its Operating Partnership subsidiary, ZAIS
Financial Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Operating
Partnership"). As of December 31, 2013, the Company owned an approximate 89.6%
partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (comprised of a general and
limited partnership interest). The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT for
U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with its taxable year ended December
31, 2011.  
     
 The Company's principal place of business is Two Bridge Avenue, Suite
322, Red Bank, New Jersey 07701-1106. The Company's telephone number is (732)
978-7518. The Company's website address is www.zaisfinancial.com. The
information found on, or otherwise accessible through, the Company's website is
not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this report.  
 INVESTMENT STRATEGY  
        The
Company's objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to  its stockholders, primarily through quarterly
distributions and secondarily  through capital appreciation. The Company intends to achieve this objective by  selectively
constructing a portfolio of its target assets. The Company utilizes  ZAIS' experience and relationships developed in managing
its existing whole loan  investment platform to purchase loans originated prior to the financial crisis  that began in 2007
at prices below the par amount of such loan. The Company  plans over time to evolve its whole loan strategy to include newly
originated  residential mortgage loans, which  the
Company expects to become a core  component of its strategy. 
     
 The Company believes that its target assets currently present attractive
risk-adjusted return profiles and that current market conditions present
opportunities for it to selectively acquire its target assets at attractive
trading prices. As market conditions change over time, the Company intends to
adjust its strategy by shifting its asset allocations across its target asset
classes to take advantage of changes in interest rates and credit spreads as
well as economic and credit conditions. The Company believes that the
diversification of its portfolio of assets, its expertise among mortgage loans
and securities and the flexibility of its strategy will position it to generate
attractive risk-adjusted returns for its stockholders over the long term.
 
 - 4 -  
 

 
     
 The Company relies on the Advisor's investment expertise in identifying
and efficiently financing its assets. The Advisor makes investment decisions
based on a variety of factors, including expected risk-adjusted returns, credit
fundamentals, liquidity, availability of adequate financing, borrowing costs and
macroeconomic conditions, as well as maintaining the Company's REIT
qualification and its exemption from registration as an investment company under
the 1940 Act. The Company follows a predominantly long-term buy and hold
strategy with respect to many of the assets that it acquires. The Company's
target assets are as follows:  
       Residential
Mortgage Loans . Prime, subprime and
alternative-A and alternative-B mortgage loans, which may be adjustable-rate,
hybrid and/or fixed-rate residential mortgage loans, and pay option ARMs. The
Company expects to acquire seasoned residential mortgage loans that are
primarily, but not exclusively, performing and re-performing at the time of
acquisition. Over time, the Company also expects to originate or acquire newly
originated mortgage loans that are originated outside of the Fannie Mae, Freddie
Mac and Federal Housing Administration ("FHA") underwriting guidelines.
 
     
 Non - Agency RMBS . RMBS that are
not issued or guaranteed by a U.S. Government agency or federally chartered
corporation, with an emphasis on securities that, when originally issued, were
rated in the highest rating category by one or more of the nationally recognized
statistical rating organizations.  
     
 The mortgage loan collateral for non-Agency RMBS consists of residential
mortgage loans that do not generally conform to underwriting guidelines issued
by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, due to certain factors, including
mortgage balances in excess of agency underwriting guidelines, borrower
characteristics, loan characteristics and level of documentation, and therefore
are not issued or guaranteed by an agency. The mortgage loan collateral may be
classified as prime, subprime and alternative-A and alternative-B mortgage
loans, which may be adjustable-rate, hybrid and/or fixed-rate residential
mortgage loans, and pay option ARMs.  
     
 MSRs . MSRs provide a
mortgage servicer with the right to service a pool of mortgages in exchange for
a portion of the interest payments made on the underlying mortgages. 
     
 Agency RMBS . RMBS that
are issued or guaranteed by a federally chartered corporation or a U.S.
Government agency. The Agency RMBS the Company targets can be collateralized by
either fixed rate loans or ARMs. The Company has the discretion to invest in
Agency RMBS through TBA contracts, which are forward contracts for the purchase
of Agency RMBS at a predetermined price with a stated face amount, coupon and
stated maturity at an agreed upon future date. 
     
 Other Real Estate-Related and Financial
Assets . IOs created from RMBS are
mortgage-backed securities structured with two or more classes that receive
different distributions of interest on a pool of Agency RMBS or non-Agency RMBS
or whole loans. CMBS are securities backed by obligations (including
certificates of participation in obligations) that are principally secured by
commercial mortgages on real property or interests therein having a multifamily
or commercial use, such as regional malls, other retail space, office buildings,
industrial or warehouse properties, hotels, apartments, nursing homes and senior
living facilities. Subject to maintaining its qualification as a REIT, the
Company may acquire debt and equity tranches of securitizations backed by
various asset classes, including small balance commercial mortgages,
manufactured housing, aircraft, automobiles, credit cards, equipment,
franchises, recreational vehicles and student loans.  
     
 Asset Allocations . During
the second half of 2013, the Company achieved its targeted equity allocation to
residential whole loans and sold its remaining Agency RMBS, and, as a result,
its portfolio is focused on residential mortgage credit strategies, consistent
with its long term business plan. As of December 31, 2013, 54% of its equity was
allocated to whole loan investments. As market conditions change, the Company
intends to adjust its strategy by shifting its asset allocations across its
target asset classes. The Company believes that the diversification of its
portfolio of assets, its expertise among its target assets and the flexibility
of its strategy will position it to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns
for its stockholders in a variety of assets and market conditions. The Company
will rely on the Advisor's expertise in identifying assets within the target
assets described above and, to the extent that leverage is employed, efficiently
financing those assets. The Company expects allocation decisions will be based
on a variety of factors, including expected risk-adjusted returns, credit
fundamentals liquidity and the availability of certain assets. 

 - 5
-  
 

 
 FINANCING STRATEGY  
     
 The Company uses leverage primarily for the purposes of financing its
portfolio and increasing potential returns to stockholders rather than for the
purpose of speculating on changes in interest rates. The Company funds the
acquisition of its target assets through the use of prudent amounts of leverage.
The borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its portfolio
totaled approximately $374.7 million as of December 31, 2013 under the Loan
Repurchase Facility with one counterparty and master securities repurchase
agreements with four counterparties. Additionally, $57,500,000 aggregate
principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes were outstanding as of
December 31, 2013. The Company is also in discussions with other financial
institutions to provide it with additional borrowing capacity under various
agreements, including repurchase agreements and other types of financing
arrangements.  
       The Company's
income is generated primarily by the net spread between the income it earns on
its assets and the cost of its financing and hedging activities. Although the
Company is not required to maintain any particular leverage ratio, the amount of
leverage it deploys for particular investments in its target assets depends upon
the Advisor's assessment of a variety of factors, which may include the
anticipated liquidity and price volatility of the assets in its investment
portfolio, the gap between the duration of its assets and liabilities, including
hedges, the availability and cost of financing assets, its opinion of the
creditworthiness of its financing counterparties, the health of the U.S. economy
and residential and commercial mortgage-related markets, its outlook for the
level, slope, and volatility of interest rates, the credit quality of collateral
underlying the Company's residential mortgage loans, non-Agency RMBS and other
target assets, its outlook for asset spreads relative to the LIBOR curve and
regulatory requirements limiting the permissible amount of leverage to be
utilized. Based on current market conditions, the Company expects that it may
deploy, on a debt-to-equity basis, up to four to one leverage on its seasoned
residential whole loans and up to three to one leverage on its non-Agency RMBS
assets. While the Company has not yet begun originating or purchasing newly
originated loans, the Company expects that any leverage on these loans may be
significantly greater than the leverage used on its seasoned loan portfolio
depending on the characteristics of the newly originated loans. Additionally, to
the extent the Company securitizes any residential mortgage loans in the future,
it expects that the leverage obtained through such structures will vary
considerably depending on the characteristics of the underlying loans.
 
     
 The Company is restricted in the amount of leverage it may employ by the
terms and provisions of its existing repurchase agreement borrowings as well as
other financing agreements that it may enter into in the future. The Company may
also be subject to margin calls as a result of its financing activities. In
addition, the Company intends to rely on short-term financing such as repurchase
transactions under master repurchase agreements, the duration of which is may be
30 to 90 days but in some cases may be longer.  
     
 See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations," of this annual report on Form 10-K, for a discussion
of the Company's borrowings under the Loan Repurchase Facility and securities
repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2013 and the terms of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes.  
     
 The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to hedge the
interest rate risk associated with its borrowings. Subject to maintaining its
qualification as a REIT and exemption from registration as an investment company
under the 1940 Act, the Company may also engage in a variety of interest rate
management techniques that seek on one hand to mitigate the influence of
interest rate changes on the values of some of its assets and on the other hand
help the Company achieve its risk management objectives. The Company's interest
rate management techniques may include: interest rate swap agreements, interest
rate cap agreements, exchange-traded derivatives and swaptions; puts and calls
on securities or indices of securities; U.S. Department of the Treasury
securities and options on U.S. Department of the Treasury securities; IOs and
MSRs; and other similar transactions and financial instruments.  
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
     
 The Company strives to maintain an ethical workplace in which the highest
standards of professional conduct are practiced.  
 The Company's board of directors is composed of a
  majority of independent directors. The Audit, Nominating and Corporate
  Governance and Compensation Committees are composed exclusively of independent
  directors.    
   In order to foster the highest standards of ethics
  and conduct in all business relationships, the Company has adopted a Code of
  Conduct and Ethics policy, which covers a wide range of business practices and
  procedures, that applies to its officers, directors, employees, if any, and
  independent contractors, to its Advisor and its Advisor's officers and
  employees, to ZAIS and ZAIS' officers and employees, and to any other
  affiliates of ZAIS or the Advisor, and such affiliates' officers and
  employees, who provide services to the Company or the Advisor in respect of
  the Company. In addition, the Company has implemented Whistleblowing
  Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters and Code of Conduct and Ethics
  Violations (the "Whistleblower Policy") that set forth procedures by which any
  Covered Persons (as defined in the Whistleblower Policy) may raise, on a
  confidential basis, concerns regarding, among other things, any questionable
  or unethical accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and
  any potential violations of the Code of Conduct and Ethics with the Audit
  Committee or the Chief Compliance Officer of ZAIS.  
 - 6 -  
 

 
 The Company has adopted an Insider
Trading Policy for Trading in the Securities of the Company (the "Insider
Trading Policy"), that governs the purchase or sale of the Company's securities
by any of directors, officers, and associates (as defined in the Insider Trading
Policy) of the Company, if any, and independent contractors, as well as officers
and employees of the Advisor and officers, employees and affiliates of ZAIS, and
that prohibits any such persons from buying or selling the Company's securities
on the basis of material nonpublic information.  
 COMPETITION  
     
 The Company's success depends, in large part, on its ability to originate
or acquire assets at favorable spreads over its borrowing costs and its ability
to efficiently manage its portfolio risks. In originating or acquiring its
target assets and establishing hedge positions, the Company competes with other
existing mortgage REITs (both internally and externally managed), mortgage
finance and specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks,
mortgage bankers, insurance companies, hedge funds (including those managed by
ZAIS), mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms,
governmental bodies and other companies with similar asset acquisition
objectives. It is likely that the Company will also compete with other entities
which may be organized in the future. Some of the Company's competitors may have
greater financial resources and access to lower cost of capital. These
competitors may not be subject to the same regulatory constraints (such as REIT
compliance or maintaining an exemption under the 1940 Act) as the Company. The
effect of the existence of additional REITs and other market participants may be
to increase competition for the available supply of mortgage assets suitable for
purchase, as well as the amount of financing available to the Company in the
repurchase agreement market.  
 EMPLOYEES; STAFFING  
       The Company
has no employees and is managed by the Advisor, a subsidiary of ZAIS, pursuant
to an amended and restated investment advisory agreement between the Company and
the Advisor, dated as of December 13, 2012, as amended from time to time (the
"Investment Advisory Agreement"). ZAIS was established in 1997 and is an
investment adviser registered with the SEC specializing in structured credit,
including residential whole loans, RMBS and ABS. As of December 31, 2013, ZAIS
estimates that it had approximately $4.3 billion of assets under management
(comprised primarily of (i) notional amounts and cash with respect to certain
legacy, non-mark-to-market structured vehicles; (ii) market value of assets with
respect to certain legacy structured vehicles; and (iii) net asset values for
mark-to-market funds and separately managed accounts) and has built long-term
relationships with an international investor base, including public and private
pension funds, endowment/foundations, insurance companies, family offices, fund
of funds, sovereign wealth funds and investment advisors. ZAIS possesses a
comprehensive analytics and technology infrastructure, credit modeling, loan and
securities valuation, loan data management and servicing oversight capabilities
and significant structuring and securitization experience. As of December 31,
2013, ZAIS' team included 135 professionals in the United States, Europe and
Asia. ZAIS is the managing member of the Advisor and ZAIS and its employees
support the Advisor in providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms
of a shared facilities and services agreement between ZAIS and the Advisor. The
Company relies on the Advisor and ZAIS to provide or obtain, on the Company's
behalf, the personnel and services necessary for the Company to conduct its
business because the Company has no employees of its own. 
 - 7 -  
 
 
 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 

       The Company is
externally managed and advised by its Advisor, a subsidiary of ZAIS. The Company
relies on its Advisor and ZAIS to provide or obtain, on its behalf, the
personnel and services necessary for it to conduct its business because the
Company has no employees of its own. Pursuant to the terms of the Investment
Advisory Agreement, the Advisor and its affiliates provide the Company with its
management team, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Chief Investment Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, along with appropriate
support personnel. All of the Company's officers and non-independent directors
are also employees of ZAIS and its affiliates. 
     
 The following sets forth certain information with respect to our
executive officers: 
     
 Michael Szymanski , 47,
currently serves as a director and as the Company's Chief Executive Officer and
President. Mr. Szymanski currently serves as President of ZAIS and member of the
ZAIS Management Committee, and as Chief Executive Officer of the Advisor and a
member of the Advisor's investment committee. Prior to joining ZAIS, Mr.
Szymanski was Chief Executive Officer of XE Capital Management, LLC, an
investment management firm specializing in structured products, from 2003 to
2008. Prior to that, Mr. Szymanski was Chief Financial Officer of Zurich Capital
Markets ("ZCM"), a subsidiary of Zurich Financial Group, from 2000 to 2002. At
ZCM, Mr. Szymanski managed global finance, accounting, tax, treasury, and risk
management for a business specializing in structured products, including hedge
fund linked derivatives and principal investments. Prior to that, Mr. Szymanski
was a Vice President in the Bank and Insurance Strategies Group of Lehman
Brothers from 1997 to 2000, providing capital markets structuring and advisory
services to financial institutions and corporations. Prior to that, Mr.
Szymanski spent nine years at Ernst & Young LLP advising financial services
clients, leaving as a Senior Manager in the Capital Markets/M&A Advisory
Group in New York. Mr. Szymanski served in E&Y's National Office-Financial
Services Industries Group, providing internal consultation services to resolve
clients' accounting and regulatory issues, specializing in financial
instruments. Mr. Szymanski is a CPA and received a B.A. in Business
Administration with a concentration in Accountancy from the University of Notre
Dame and an Executive M.B.A. with a concentration in Finance from New York
University's Stern School of Business. Mr. Szymanski serves on the Board of
Directors of the National Stock Exchange as Chairman of the Audit
Committee.   
     
 Paul McDade , 49,
currently serves as the Company's Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr.
McDade currently serves as Chief Financial Officer of ZAIS and is also a member
of the ZAIS Management Committee. Mr. McDade also serves as Chief Financial
Officer of the Advisor. Prior to joining ZAIS in 2010, Mr. McDade was the Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for XE Capital Management, LLC, an
investment management firm specializing in structured products, from 2004 to
2008. During his 25 year career, Mr. McDade has held various financial roles at
Zurich Capital Markets, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Reliance Group Holdings,
Inc., and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. McDade is a CPA and received a B.S. in
Accounting from the University of Scranton. 
     
 Brian Hargrave ,
44,   currently serves as the Company's Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Hargrave
currently serves as Senior Portfolio Manager of ZAIS and is responsible for
whole loan investment and REIT platforms. Mr. Hargrave also serves as Chief
Investment Officer of the Advisor and a member of the Advisor's investment
committee. He was previously responsible for Lehman Brothers' whole loan trading
businesses including small balance commercial mortgages, student loans and
residential mortgages. Prior to that, Mr. Hargrave ran Lehman Brothers'
adjustable rate mortgage trading desk, with responsibility for whole loan
acquisition, securitization and the firm's agency and non-Agency secondary
trading activities. He joined Lehman Brothers' in the mortgage research group
and has held several positions in research, structuring and trading. Mr.
Hargrave received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.S. from Indiana
University. 
     
 Nisha Motani , 42,
currently serves as the Company's Chief Accounting Officer. Ms. Motani also
currently serves as Director of Fund Reporting at ZAIS where she oversees annual
audits, monthly net asset value reporting, quarterly and annual financial
statement reporting, and informational requests from investors for all
ZAIS-managed entities. Ms. Motani is also responsible for setting internal
accounting policies and procedures, researching
accounting issues, and serving as a direct liaison to the auditors and tax
preparers for ZAIS-managed entities. Prior to joining ZAIS in October 2003, Ms.
Motani worked as a senior manager in the Financial Services audit practice of
Deloitte & Touche where she specialized in Investment Management. She is a
CPA with a B.S. in Accounting from Rutgers School of
Business. 

 - 8 -  
 

 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION  
       The Company
maintains a website at www.zaisfinancial.com and will make available, free of
charge, on its website (a) its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K (including any amendments thereto),
proxy statements and other information (collectively, "Company Documents") filed
with, or furnished to, the SEC, as soon as reasonably practicable after such
documents are so filed or furnished, (b) Corporate Governance Guidelines, (c)
director independence standards, (d) Code of Conduct and Ethics and (e) written
charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee of the board of directors. Company Documents
filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available for review and copying
by the public at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE.,
Washington, DC 20549 and at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Information
regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Company provides copies of its Corporate
Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Ethics, free of charge, to
stockholders who request such documents. Requests should be directed to Scott
Eckstein, Financial Relations Board, an MWW Company at 304 Park Avenue South,
8 th  Floor, New York, New York 10010. 
 Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 
     
 The Company's business and operations are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which could adversely affect its
business, financial condition, consolidated 
 results of operations and ability to make
distributions to stockholders and could cause the value of the Company's capital
stock to decline. Please refer to the section entitled "Forward-Looking
Statements." 
 Risks Relating to the Company's
Business 
 The lack of liquidity in the
Company's assets may adversely affect its business.  
     
 A portion of the assets the Company owns, originates or acquires may be
subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less
liquid than publicly-traded securities. The illiquidity of the Company's assets
may make it difficult for it to sell such assets if the need or desire arises.
In addition, if the Company is required to liquidate all or a portion of its
portfolio quickly, it may realize significantly less than the value at which it
has previously recorded its assets. As a result, the Company's ability to vary
its portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be
relatively limited, which could adversely affect its consolidated results of
operations and financial condition. 
 The Company operates in a highly
competitive market for investment opportunities and competition may limit its
ability to originate or acquire desirable investments in its target assets and
could also affect the pricing of these assets. 
     
 The Company operates in a highly competitive market for investment
opportunities. The Company's profitability depends, in large part, on its
ability to originate or acquire its target assets at attractive prices. In
originating or acquiring its target assets, the Company will compete with a
variety of institutional investors, including other REITs, specialty finance
companies, public and private funds (including other funds managed by ZAIS),
commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and
other financial institutions. Many of the Company's competitors are
substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical,
marketing and other resources compared to the Company. Some competitors may have
a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to
the Company. Many of the Company's competitors are not subject to the operating
constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exemption
from the 1940 Act. In addition, some of the Company's competitors may have
higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to
consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than
the Company. Furthermore, competition for investments in the Company's target
assets may lead to the price of such assets increasing, which may further limit
the Company's ability to generate desired returns. The  Company cannot provide assurance that the competitive pressures it faces
will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and
consolidated results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition,
desirable investments in the Company's target assets may be limited in the
future and the Company may not be able to take advantage of attractive
investment opportunities from time to time, as the Company can provide no
assurance that it will be able to identify and make investments that are
consistent with its investment objectives. 
 - 9 - 
 

 
 The Company is highly dependent
on information systems and communication systems; systems failures and other
operational disruptions could significantly affect its business, which may, in
turn, negatively affect its operating results and its ability to pay dividends
to its stockholders. 
       The Company's
business is highly dependent on the communications and information systems of
ZAIS which may interface with or depend on systems operated by third parties,
including market counterparties, loan originators and other service providers.
Any failure or interruption of these systems could cause delays or other
problems in the Company's activities, including in its target asset acquisition
activities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
operating results and negatively affect the value of its common stock and its
ability to pay dividends to its stockholders. 
     
 Additionally, the Company relies heavily on financial, accounting and
other data processing systems and operational risks arising from mistakes made
in the confirmation or settlement of transactions, from transactions not being
properly booked, evaluated or accounted for or other similar disruption in the
Company's operations may cause it to suffer financial loss, the disruption of
its business, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or
reputational damage. 
 The Advisor will utilize
analytical models and data in connection with the valuation of the Company's
loans and securities, and any incorrect, misleading or incomplete information
used in connection therewith would subject the Company to potential
risks. 
     
 Given the complexity of the Company's investment strategies, the Advisor
must rely heavily on analytical models (both proprietary models developed by
ZAIS and those supplied by third parties) and information and data supplied by
third parties. Models and data will be used to value origination opportunities
and potential target assets and also in connection with hedging the Company's
acquisitions. In the event models and data prove to be incorrect, misleading or
incomplete, any decisions made in reliance thereon expose the Company to
potential risks. For example, by relying on incorrect models and data,
especially valuation models, the Advisor may be induced to buy certain target
assets at prices that are too high, to sell certain other assets at prices that
are too low or to miss favorable opportunities altogether. Similarly, any
hedging based on faulty models and data may prove to be unsuccessful. 
 Difficult conditions in the
mortgage, residential and commercial real estate markets, the financial markets
and the economy generally may cause the Company to experience market losses
related to its holdings, and there is no assurance that these conditions will
improve in the near future. 
     
 The Company's consolidated results of
operations are materially affected by conditions in the mortgage market, the
residential and commercial real estate markets, the financial markets and the
economy generally. The mortgage market has been severely affected by changes in
the lending landscape, and there is no assurance that these conditions have
fully stabilized or that they will not worsen. Disruption in the mortgage market
negatively impacts new demand for homes and home price performance. There is a
strong inverse correlation between home price growth rates and mortgage loan
delinquencies. A deterioration of the RMBS market may cause the Company to
experience losses related to its assets and to sell assets at a loss. Declines
in the fair market values of the Company's residential mortgage loans or RMBS
may adversely affect its consolidated results of operations and credit
availability, which may reduce earnings and, in turn, cash available for
distribution to its stockholders. 
     
 Dramatic declines in the residential
and commercial real estate markets during the financial crisis resulted in
significant asset write-downs by financial institutions, which caused many
financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with other
institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Institutions from which the Company
may seek to obtain financing may have owned or financed residential or
commercial mortgage loans, real estate-related securities and real estate loans,
which declined in value and caused them to suffer losses during the financial
crisis. Many lenders and institutional investors reduced and, in some cases,
ceased to provide funding to borrowers, including other
financial institutions. If these conditions exist, these institutions may become
insolvent or tighten their lending standards, which could make it more difficult
for the Company to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 - 10 - 
 

 
       The Company's
profitability may be adversely affected if the Company is unable to obtain
cost-effective financing for its assets. These consequences could be exacerbated
in the event of potential future credit rating downgrades of the U.S. and
certain European countries and the failure to resolve issues related to the
“fiscal cliff” and the U.S. debt ceiling, which negatively impacted financial
markets in the recent past and could create broader financial and global banking
turmoil and lead to a significant rise in interest rates and a decrease in the
fair market value of the Company's assets. 
 The diminished level of Agency
participation in, and other changes in the role of the Agencies in, the mortgage
market may adversely affect the Company's business. 
        If
Agency participation in the mortgage market were reduced or  eliminated, or their structures were to change radically
( i.e. , limitation or removal  of
the guarantee obligation), or their market share reduced because of required  price increases or lower limits on the loans
they can guarantee, the Company  could be unable to acquire Agency RMBS. The Company could be negatively affected  in a
number of ways depending on the manner in which related events unfold for  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Although the Company
does not own any Agency RMBS as  of December 31, 2013, it may rely on Agency RMBS it may acquire (as well as  residential
mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS that it owns) as collateral for  its financings under securities repurchase agreements.
Any decline in the value  of Agency RMBS, or perceived market uncertainty about their value or their structures, would make
it  more difficult for the Company to obtain financing on acceptable terms or at all. Further, the current support provided
by  the U.S. Treasury to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and any additional support it  may provide in the future, could have the
effect of lowering the interest rates  the Company expects to receive from Agency RMBS it may acquire, thereby  tightening
the spread between the interest the Company may earn on Agency RMBS  and the cost of financing such assets. A reduction in
the supply of Agency RMBS  could also negatively affect the pricing of Agency RMBS by reducing the spread  between the
interest the Company may earn on an investment portfolio of Agency  RMBS and its cost of financing such a portfolio. Future
legislation, including  draft bills recently introduced by members of the United States House of  Representatives and Senate,
could further change the relationship between Fannie  Mae and Freddie Mac and the U.S. Government, and could also
nationalize,  privatize, or eliminate such entities entirely. In particular, on March 11, 2014, members of the Senate
Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs and the White House agreed on a framework to wind down Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac and overhaul the mortgage market.  The plan, if adopted, would replace Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a new system of
federally insured mortgage securities in which private insurers would be required to take initial losses before any
government guarantee would be triggered.  The Committee framework would allow private entities to purchase an explicit
government guarantee to cover catastrophic losses on mortgages issued as bonds from a new guarantor. Rather than issuing
separate securities with an implied federal guarantee as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac did, the new system would see multiple
firms issue a common security in which the government would stand behind the payment of principal and interest to
bondholders. Any law affecting these Agencies  may create market uncertainty and have the effect of reducing the actual or
perceived credit quality of RMBS. As a result, such laws could increase the risk of loss on RMBS the Company may acquire. It
also is possible that such laws could adversely  impact the market for such securities and spreads at which they trade. All
of  the foregoing could materially and adversely affect the Company's financial  condition and consolidated results of
operations. 
 Actions of the U.S. Government,
including the U.S. Congress, Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury and other
governmental and regulatory bodies, including the SEC, to stabilize or reform
the financial markets may not achieve the intended effect and may adversely
affect the Company's business. 
     
 In response to the financial issues affecting the banking system and
financial markets and going concern threats to commercial banks, investment
banks and other financial institutions, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act
("EESA"), was enacted by the U.S. Congress in 2008. There can be no assurance
that the EESA or any other U.S. Government actions will have a beneficial impact
on the financial markets. To the extent the markets do not respond favorably to
any such actions by the U.S. Government or such actions do not function as
intended, the Company's business may not receive the anticipated positive impact
from the legislation and such result may have broad, adverse market
implications. 
     
 In July 2010, the U.S. Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Act in part to
impose significant investment restrictions and capital requirements on banking
entities and other organizations that are significant to U.S. financial markets.
For instance, the Dodd-Frank Act has imposed significant restrictions on the
proprietary trading activities of certain banking entities and has subjected
other systemically significant organizations regulated by the U.S. Federal
Reserve to increased capital requirements and quantitative limits for engaging
in such activities. The Dodd-Frank Act also seeks to reform the asset-backed
securitization market (including the mortgage-backed securities market) by
requiring the retention of a portion of the credit risk inherent in the pool of
securitized assets  and by imposing additional
registration and disclosure requirements. Certain of the new requirements and
restrictions exempt Agency RMBS, other government issued or guaranteed
securities, or other securities. Nonetheless, the Dodd-Frank Act also imposes
significant regulatory restrictions on the origination and securitization of
residential mortgage loans. The Dodd-Frank Act also created a new regulator, the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), which oversees many of the core
laws which regulate the mortgage industry, including among others the Real
Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the Truth in Lending Act. 
 - 11 -  
 

 
       One of the
CFPB’s areas of focus has been on whether mortgage originators take appropriate
steps to ensure that business arrangements with service providers do not present
risks to consumers. The sub-servicer the Company may retain to directly service
residential mortgage loans (when the Company owns the associated MSRs) is one of
the Company's most significant service providers with respect to the Company's
residential mortgage loan business and the Company's failure to take steps to
ensure that this sub-servicer is servicing these residential mortgage loans in
accordance with applicable law and regulation could result in enforcement action
by the CFPB against the Company that could restrict the Company's business and
expose it to penalties or other claims. The Company generally uses a small
number of sub-servicers on its residential whole loan portfolio and, as a
result, the risks associated with the Company's use of sub-servicers are
concentrated around a small number of sub-servicer counterparties. While the
full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and the role of the CFPB cannot be assessed
until all implementing regulations are released, the Dodd-Frank Act's extensive
requirements may have a significant effect on the financial markets, and may
affect the availability or terms of financing from the Company's lender
counterparties and the availability or terms of residential mortgage loans and
RMBS, both of which may have an adverse effect on the Company's financial
condition and consolidated results of operations. 
     
 On September 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve announced a third round of
quantitative easing ("QE3"), which is an open-ended program designed to expand
the U.S. Federal Reserve's holdings of long-term securities by purchasing an
additional $40 billion of Agency RMBS per month until key economic indicators,
such as the unemployment rate, show signs of improvement. When combined with
existing programs to extend the average maturity of the U.S. Federal Reserve's
holdings of securities, and reinvest principal and interest payments from the
Federal Reserve's holdings of agency debt and Agency RMBS into newly acquired
Agency RMBS, QE3 increased the Federal Reserve's holdings of long-term
securities by $85 billion each month. In 2013, the Federal Reserve continued
this bond purchase program which replaced the program known as "Operation
Twist," in which the Federal Reserve repurchased approximately $45 billion of
long-term Treasury bonds each month and sold approximately the same amount of
short-term Treasury bonds. The Federal Reserve also announced that it will keep
the target range for the Federal Funds Rate between zero and 0.25% through at
least mid-2015, which is six months longer than previously expected. The Federal
Reserve provided further guidance to the market in December 2012 by stating that
it intends to keep the Federal Funds Rate close to zero for so long as the
unemployment rate is above 6.5% and inflation does not rise above 2.5%. At its
December 2013 meeting, the Federal Reserve strengthened that guidance,
indicating that the rate is likely to stay near zero until “well past the time”
unemployment falls below 6.5%. The Federal Reserve expects these measures to
put downward pressure on long-term interest rates. However, the Federal Reserve
began the tapering of its bond purchases in 2014 from $85 billion per month to
$65 billion per month as of February 2014. While the Federal Reserve hopes that
QE3 and related measures will expedite an economic recovery, stabilize prices,
reduce unemployment and accelerate business and household spending, the Federal
Reserve could accelerate the tapering of its bond purchases, and there can be no
assurance that the Federal Reserve will continue these programs, even if they
are effective, and the Company cannot predict the impact of these programs or
any future actions by the Federal Reserve on the prices and liquidity of its
target assets. 
     
 In addition, the U.S. Government, Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury, the SEC
and other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken or are considering
taking other actions to address the financial crisis that began in 2007. The
Company cannot predict whether or when such actions may occur or what effect, if
any, such actions could have on its business, consolidated results of operations
and financial condition. 
 The Company may be subject to
liability in connection with its residential mortgage loans for potential
violations of Truth in lending Act or other similar consumer protection laws and
regulations.   
     
 Federal consumer protection laws and regulations have been enacted and
promulgated that are designed to regulate residential mortgage loan underwriting
and originators’ lending processes, standards, and disclosures to borrowers.
These laws and regulations include the CFPB’s recently finalized
“ability-to-repay” and “qualified mortgage” regulations. In addition, there are
various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations that are
 intended to discourage predatory lending
practices by residential mortgage loan originators. For example, the federal
Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994 prohibits inclusion of certain
provisions in residential mortgage loans that have mortgage rates or origination
costs in excess of prescribed levels and requires that borrowers be given
certain disclosures prior to origination. Some states have enacted, or may
enact, similar laws or regulations, which in some cases may impose restrictions
and requirements greater than those in place under federal laws and regulations.
In addition, under the anti-predatory lending laws of some states, the
origination of certain residential mortgage loans, including loans that are not
classified as “high cost” loans under applicable law, must satisfy a net
tangible benefits test with respect to the borrower. This test, as well as
certain standards set forth in the “ability-to-repay” and “qualified mortgage”
regulations, may be highly subjective and open to interpretation. As a result, a
court may determine that a residential mortgage loan did not meet the standard
or test even if the originator reasonably believed such standard or test had
been satisfied. 
 - 12 - 
 

 
       Mortgage loans
also are subject to various other federal laws, including: 
 the Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974, as
  amended (the “ECOA”) and Regulation B promulgated under the ECOA, which
  prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, sex, religion,
  marital status, national origin, receipt of public assistance or the exercise
  of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act of 1968, as amended, in
  the extension of credit;   
   the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as
  amended which, among other things, prohibits discrimination on the basis of
  disability in the full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities,
  privileges, advantages or accommodations of any place of public
  accommodation;   
   the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
  which regulates the use and reporting of information related to the borrower’s
  credit experience;   
   the Depository Institutions Deregulation and
  Monetary Control Act of 1980, which preempts certain state usury
  laws;   
   the Service members’ Civil Relief Act of 2003, as
  amended, which provides relief to borrowers who enter into active military
  service or who were on reserve status but are called to active duty after the
  origination of their mortgage loans; and   
   the Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of
  1982, which preempts certain state lending laws which regulate alternative
  mortgage transactions. 
     
 Failure of the Company, residential mortgage loan originators, mortgage
brokers or servicers to comply with these laws and regulations, could subject
the Company to monetary penalties and defenses to foreclosure, including by
recoupment or setoff of finance charges and fees collected, and could result in
rescission of the affected residential mortgage loans, which could adversely
impact the Company's business and financial results. 
 The Company may seek to become a
seller/servicer approved to sell residential mortgage loans to Freddie Mac and
Fannie Mae and failure to obtain the Company's status as an approved
seller/servicer could harm the Company's business. 
     
 The Company may seek to become a seller/servicer approved to sell
residential mortgage loans to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae either through the
completion of the approval process or through the acquisition of a mortgage
origination platform which is already an approved Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae
seller/servicer. As an approved seller/servicer, the Company would be required
to conduct certain aspects of its operations in accordance with applicable
policies and guidelines published by Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and the Company
would be required to pledge a certain amount of cash to Freddie Mac and Fannie
Mae to collateralize potential obligations to these entities. Failure to obtain
the Company's status as an approved seller/servicer would mean the Company would
not be able to sell mortgage loans to these entities, could result in the
Company's being required to re-purchase loans previously sold to these entities,
or could otherwise restrict the Company's business and investment options and
could harm the Company's business and expose it to losses or other claims.
Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac may, in the future, require the Company to hold
additional capital or pledge additional cash or assets in order to obtain or
maintain approved seller/servicer status, which, if required, would adversely
impact the Company's financial results. 
 - 13 - 
 

 
 Mortgage loan modification and
refinance programs as well as future legislative action may adversely affect the
value of, and the returns on, the target assets in which the Company intends to
invest. 
       The U.S.  Government, through the Federal
Reserve, the FHA and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), commenced implementation of programs  designed to
provide homeowners with assistance in avoiding residential or  commercial mortgage loan foreclosures, including the
Home Affordable  Modification Program ("HAMP"), which provides homeowners with assistance in  avoiding residential mortgage
loan foreclosures, the Hope for Homeowners Program  ("H4H Program"), which allows certain distressed borrowers to refinance
their mortgages into FHA-insured loans in order to avoid residential mortgage loan  foreclosures, and the Home Affordable
Refinance Program ("HARP"), which allows  borrowers who are current on their mortgage payments to refinance and reduce  their
monthly mortgage payments at loan-to-value ratios up to 125% without new  mortgage insurance. The programs may involve, among
other things, the  modification of mortgage loans to reduce the principal amount of the loans or  the rate of interest
payable on the loans, or to extend the payment terms of the  loans. 
     
 Loan modification and refinance programs may adversely affect the
performance of residential mortgage loans, Agency RMBS and non-Agency RMBS.
Especially with non-Agency RMBS, a significant number of loan modifications with
respect to a given security, including those related to principal forgiveness
and coupon reduction, could negatively impact the realized yields and cash flows
on such security. These loan modification programs, future legislative or
regulatory actions, including possible amendments to the bankruptcy laws, which
result in the modification of outstanding residential mortgage loans, as well as
changes in the requirements necessary to qualify for refinancing mortgage loans
with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, may adversely affect the value of,
and the returns on, residential mortgage loans, non-Agency RMBS, Agency RMBS and
the Company's other target assets that it may purchase. 
 The increasing number of proposed
U.S. federal, state and local laws and licensing requirements may increase the
Company's risk of liability with respect to certain mortgage loans and could
increase the Company's cost of doing business. 
     
 The U.S. Congress and various state and local legislatures are
considering, and in the future may consider, legislation which, among other
provisions, would permit limited assignee liability for certain violations in
the mortgage loan origination process. The Company cannot predict whether or in
what form the U.S. Congress or the various state and local legislatures may
enact legislation affecting its business. The Company will evaluate the
potential impact of any initiatives which, if enacted, could affect its
practices and consolidated results of operations. The Company is unable to
predict whether federal, state or local authorities will require changes in its
practices in the future. These changes, if required, could adversely affect its
profitability, particularly if the Company makes such changes in response to new
or amended laws, rules, regulations or ordinances in any state where the Company
originates or acquires a significant portion of its mortgage loans, or if such
changes result in the Company being held responsible for any violations in the
mortgage loan origination process. 
     
 While the Company is not required to obtain licenses to purchase RMBS,
the origination of residential mortgage loans requires and, the purchase of
performing, re-performing and newly originated residential mortgage loans in the
secondary market may, in some circumstances, require it to maintain various
state licenses. Acquiring the right to service residential mortgage loans may
also, in some circumstances, require the Company to maintain various state
licenses even though it currently does not expect to directly engage in loan
servicing. As a result, the Company could be delayed in conducting certain
business if it were first required to obtain a state license. There can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to obtain all of the licenses it needs
or that it will not experience significant delays in obtaining these licenses.
Furthermore, once licenses are issued the Company is required to comply with
various information reporting and other regulatory requirements to maintain
those licenses, and there is no assurance that it will be able to satisfy those
requirements or other regulatory requirements applicable to the Company's
business of originating or acquiring performing, re-performing and newly
originated residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. The Company's failure
to obtain or maintain required licenses or the Company's failure to comply with
regulatory requirements that are applicable to the Company's business of
originating or acquiring residential mortgage loans may restrict the Company's
business and investment options and could harm the Company's business and expose
the Company to penalties or other claims. 
 - 14 - 
 

 
       In addition,
environmental protection laws that apply to properties that secure or underlie
the Company's residential mortgage loans could result in losses to the Company.
The Company may also be exposed to environmental liabilities with respect to
properties of which it becomes a direct or indirect owner or to which it takes
title, which could adversely affect the Company's business and financial
results. 
 The Company faces counterparty
risk in its prime broker relationships.  
     
 Some or all of the Company's assets, at any given time, may be held of
record by one or more prime brokers. The business failure, insolvency or
bankruptcy of any such prime broker could adversely impact the Company's access
to its assets, including a delay in recovering assets that have been entrusted
to its prime brokers, the Company's ability to finance its business and its
financial condition and results of operation. 
 Risks Associated with the Company's
Management and the Company's Relationship with its Advisor 
 The Company is dependent on its
Advisor and its Advisor's key personnel for its success, and the Company may not
find a suitable replacement for its Advisor if the Investment Advisory Agreement
is terminated, or if key personnel leave the employment of ZAIS or otherwise
become unavailable to the Company. 
     
 The Company is dependent on its Advisor for its day-to-day management, as
the Company does not have any independent officers or any employees. The Advisor
has significant discretion as to the implementation of the Company's asset
acquisition and operating policies and strategies. Accordingly, the Company
believes that its success will depend to a significant extent upon the efforts,
experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the executive
officers and key personnel of its Advisor. The executive officers and key
personnel of the Advisor will evaluate, negotiate, structure, close and monitor
the Company's asset acquisitions, and the Company's success will depend on their
continued service. The departure of any of the executive officers or key
personnel of the Advisor could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
performance. 
     
 In addition, the Company offers no assurance that the Advisor will remain
the Company's advisor or that the Company will continue to have access to the
Advisor's principals and professionals, including those of ZAIS. The initial
term of the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Advisor only extends until
the third anniversary of the Company's listing, with automatic one-year renewal
terms on each anniversary date thereafter unless previously terminated. If the
Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found
to advise the Company, the Company may not be able to execute its business
plan. 
 The Company has no recourse to
ZAIS if it does not fulfill its obligations under the shared facilities and
services agreement. 
     
 Neither the Company nor its Advisor has any employees or separate
facilities. The Company's day-to-day operations will be conducted by employees
of ZAIS, the parent company of the Advisor, pursuant to a shared facilities and
services agreement between the Advisor and ZAIS. Under the shared facilities and
services agreement, the Advisor will also be provided with the services and
other resources necessary for the Advisor to perform its obligations and
responsibilities under the Investment Advisory Agreement in exchange for certain
fees payable by the Advisor. ZAIS may assign its rights and obligations
thereunder to any of its majority-owned and controlled affiliates. In addition,
because the Company will not be a party to the shared facilities and services
agreement, the Company does not have any recourse to ZAIS if it does not fulfill
its obligations under the shared facilities and services agreement or if it
elects to assign the agreement to one of its affiliates. Also, the Advisor only
has nominal assets and the Company will have limited recourse against the
Advisor under the Investment Advisory Agreement to remedy any liability to the
Company from a breach of contract or fiduciary duties. 
 There are conflicts of interest
in the Company's relationship with the Advisor and its affiliates, which could
result in decisions that are not in the best interests of the Company's
stockholders.  
     
 The Company is subject to conflicts of interest arising out of its
relationship with the Advisor and its affiliates, including ZAIS. Specifically,
each of the Company's officers and directors is also an employee of ZAIS or its
affiliates. ZAIS and the Company's officers may have conflicts between their
duties to the Company and their duties to, and interests in, the Advisor or its
affiliates. The Advisor is not required to devote a specific amount of time or
the services of any particular individual to the Company's operations. ZAIS
manages or provides services to  its own accounts
and certain other funds and managed accounts for which ZAIS serves as the
investment adviser (the "Other Clients") and the Company will compete with these
Other Clients for ZAIS' resources and support through the Advisor. During
turbulent conditions in the mortgage industry, distress in the credit markets or
other times when the Company will need focused support and assistance from ZAIS
through the Advisor, entities for which ZAIS also acts as an investment advisor
will likewise require greater focus and attention, placing ZAIS' resources in
high demand. In such situations, the Company may not receive the necessary
support and assistance the Company requires or would otherwise receive if the
Company were internally managed or if ZAIS did not act as an advisor for other
entities. The ability of ZAIS and its officers and personnel to engage in other
business activities may reduce the time they spend assisting the Advisor
advising the Company. 
 - 15 -  
 

 
 The Company and certain of its
affiliates and ZAIS' Other Clients and their affiliates may compete to acquire
the Company's target assets. 
       There may be
conflicts in allocating assets that are suitable for the Company and Other
Clients of ZAIS and its affiliates. Other Clients of ZAIS and its affiliates may
compete with the Company with respect to certain assets which the Company may
want to acquire and, as a result, the Company may either not be presented with
the opportunity or have to compete with such Other Clients to acquire these
assets. For example, the Company may compete directly with other entities
managed by ZAIS or one of its affiliates with respect to the Company's target
assets. Certain of these Other Clients may have significant uninvested capital
and will likely compete with the Company. Additionally, certain conflicts of
interest may exist with respect to funds that have only limited reinvestment
capacity including circumstances where the Company may purchase assets being
disposed of by certain Other Clients as they begin to liquidate various assets.
In addition to the Other Clients, ZAIS may, in the future, establish new funds
or enter into new managed account arrangements with investment strategies that
are the same or substantially similar to the Company's strategy, including funds
and accounts investing primarily in the Company's target assets, including
residential mortgage loans and RMBS. Such Other Clients may compete with the
Company for its target assets. The Company may also make investments in other
entities which are managed by ZAIS or one of its affiliates. The Company will
not, however, purchase any assets from, or issued by, any Other Client or any
entity managed by the Advisor or its affiliates, or sell any asset to any Other
Client or any such other entity without the consent of a majority of the
Company's independent directors. A majority of the Company's independent
directors may amend this affiliated investment policy at any time without
stockholder consent. There may be certain situations where ZAIS allocates assets
that may be suitable for the Company to Other Clients managed by ZAIS or its
affiliates instead of to the Company. Further, the Company may liquidate its
investments at different times than Other Clients due to, among other things,
differences in investment strategies. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement
with the Advisor was not negotiated on an arm's-length basis and may not be as
favorable to the Company as if it had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third
party.  
     
 Because each of the Company's officers are employees of the Advisor or
its affiliates, and, at the time the Investment Advisory Agreement was executed,
all of the Company's directors were employees of the Advisor or its affiliates,
the Investment Advisory Agreement was not negotiated on an arm's-length basis,
and the Company did not have the benefit of arm's-length negotiations of the
type normally conducted with an unaffiliated third party. As a result, the
terms, including the fees payable, may not be as favorable to the Company as an
arm's-length agreement. Furthermore, because each of the Company's officers and
non-independent directors is also an employee of the Advisor or its affiliates,
the Company may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, the
Company's rights under the Investment Advisory Agreement because of its desire
to maintain its ongoing relationship with the Advisor. 
 Termination by the Company of the
Investment Advisory Agreement with the Advisor without cause is difficult and
costly.  
     
 Termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Advisor without
cause is difficult and costly. The Company's board of directors will review the
Advisor's performance and the advisory fees annually and, following the
three-year initial term, the Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated
annually upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of its independent
directors, or by a vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of the Company's common stock (other than shares held by the ZAIS
Parties), based upon: (i) unsatisfactory performance by the Advisor that is
materially detrimental to the Company; or (ii) a determination that the advisory
fees payable to the Advisor are not fair, subject to the Advisor's right to
prevent termination based on  unfair fees by accepting a
reduction of advisory fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of the Company's
independent directors. The Company must provide the Advisor with 180 days' prior
notice of any such termination. Additionally, upon such a termination without
cause, the Investment Advisory Agreement provides that the Company will pay the
Advisor a termination fee equal to three times the average annual advisory fee
earned by the Advisor during the prior 24-month period immediately preceding
such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal
year before the date of termination. These provisions may increase the cost to
the Company of terminating the Investment Advisory Agreement and adversely
affect the Company's ability to terminate the Advisor without cause. 
 - 16 - 
 

 
       The Advisor is
only contractually committed to serve the Company until the third anniversary of
the Company's listing. Thereafter, the Investment Advisory Agreement is
automatically renewable on an annual basis; provided, however, that the Advisor
may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement annually upon 180 days' prior
notice. If the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated and no suitable
replacement is found to advise the Company, the Company may not be able to
execute its business plan. 
 The Advisor's liability is
limited under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and the Company has agreed to
indemnify the Advisor against certain liabilities.  
     
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Advisor will not
assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for
thereunder and will not be responsible for any action of the Company's board of
directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations.
Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Advisor, its
principals, stockholders, members, managers, partners, directors and personnel,
any person controlling or controlled by the Advisor, including ZAIS, and any
person providing sub-advisory services to the Advisor will not be liable to the
Company, any subsidiary of the Company, the Company's directors, the Company's
stockholders or any of the Company's subsidiary's stockholders, members or
partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the
Investment Advisory Agreement, except acts or omissions constituting bad faith,
willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of their duties
under the Investment Advisory Agreement, as determined by a final non-appealable
order of a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, the Company has agreed
to indemnify the Advisor, its principals, stockholders, members, managers,
partners, directors and personnel, any person controlling or controlled by the
Advisor and any person providing sub-advisory services to the Advisor with
respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and
claims arising from acts or omissions of the Advisor not constituting bad faith,
willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of duties, performed
in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the Investment Advisory
Agreement. 
 The Advisor may have difficulty
in complying with regulatory requirements applicable to REITs, including the
REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, which may hinder its ability to
achieve the Company's objectives or result in loss of the Company's
qualification as a REIT. 
     
 The Advisor's management team has limited experience managing a REIT. The
REIT rules and regulations are highly technical and complex, and the failure to
comply with the income, asset, and other limitations imposed by these rules and
regulations could prevent the Company from qualifying as a REIT or could force
it to pay unexpected taxes and penalties. Failure to comply with the income,
asset and other limitations imposed by the REIT rules and regulations may hinder
the Company's ability to achieve its objectives or result in loss of the
Company's qualification as a REIT or payment of taxes and penalties. As a
result, the Company cannot provide assurance that it will be able to
successfully operate as a REIT or comply with regulatory requirements applicable
to REITs. 
 The Company's board of directors
has approved broad guidelines for the Advisor and will not approve each
acquisition decision made by the Advisor.  
     
 The Advisor is authorized to follow broad guidelines in pursuing the
Company's asset acquisition strategy. The Company's board of directors will
periodically review the Company's guidelines and the Company's portfolio of
assets but will not, and will not be required to, review all of the Company's
proposed acquisitions or any type or category of asset, except that an
acquisition of any security from, or issued by, an entity managed by the Advisor
or its affiliates, must be approved by a majority of the independent members of
the board of directors. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, the
directors will rely primarily on information provided to them by the Advisor.
Furthermore, the Advisor may use complex strategies, and transactions entered
into by the Advisor may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind by
the time they are reviewed by the Company's board of directors. The Advisor will
have great latitude within the broad parameters of the Company's guidelines in
determining the types of assets it may decide are proper for the Company, which
could result in returns that are substantially below expectations or that result
in losses, which would materially and adversely affect the Company's business
operations and results. Further, decisions and acquisitions made by the Advisor
may not fully reflect the best interests of the Company's
stockholders. 
 - 17 - 
 
 
 
 The Company may change any of its
strategies, guidelines, policies or procedures without stockholder consent,
which could result in its making acquisitions that are different from, and
possibly riskier than, those described in this annual report on Form
10-K. 
       The Company
may change any of its strategies, guidelines, policies or procedures with
respect to acquisitions, asset allocation, growth, operations, indebtedness,
financing strategy, hedging strategy and distributions at any time without the
consent of the Company's stockholders, which could result in the Company's
strategies becoming different from, and possibly riskier than, strategies
described in this annual report on Form 10-K. A change in the Company's strategy
may increase its exposure to interest rate risk, prepayment risk, financing
risk, credit risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations.
Furthermore, a change in the Company's asset allocation could result in the
Company making acquisitions in asset categories different from those described
in this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, the Company's charter provides
that its board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the Company's REIT
election, without the approval of its stockholders, if it determines that it is
no longer in the Company's best interests to qualify as a REIT. These changes
could adversely affect the Company's financial condition, consolidated results
of operations, the value of the Company's common stock and its ability to make
distributions to the Company's stockholders. 
 The Advisor's advisory fee may
reduce its incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking attractive assets
for the Company's portfolio because the fee is payable regardless of the
performance of the Company's portfolio and there is no incentive fee associated
with the management of the Company's assets. 
     
 The Operating Partnership pays to the Advisor an advisory fee, calculated
and payable (in cash) quarterly in arrears, equal to 1.5% per annum of the
Company's Stockholders' Equity (as defined in the Investment Advisory
Agreement). The Company will pay the Advisor an advisory fee regardless of the
performance of the Company's portfolio and there is no incentive fee associated
with the management of the Company's assets. The Advisor's entitlement to
nonperformance-based compensation might reduce its incentive to devote
sufficient time and effort to seeking assets that provide attractive
risk-adjusted returns for the Company's portfolio. This in turn could negatively
affect the Company's ability to make distributions to its stockholders and the
value of its common stock. 
 Risks Related to Financing and
Hedging 
 The Company uses leverage in
executing its business strategy, which may adversely affect the return on the
Company's assets and may reduce cash available for distribution to the Company's
stockholders, as well as increase losses when economic conditions are
unfavorable.  
     
 The Company leverages the acquisition of its target assets through
private funding sources, including borrowings structured as repurchase
agreements, notes issued by the Operating Partnership, securitizations, term
financings and derivative contracts. Leverage can enhance the Company's
potential returns but can also exacerbate losses. Although the Company is not
required to maintain any particular assets-to-equity leverage ratio, the amount
of leverage the Company deploys for particular assets depends upon the Advisor's
assessment of short-term interest rates, overall market conditions and the
particular risks of the assets being financed. The Company's percentage of
leverage varies over time depending on its ability to enter into or issue
repurchase agreements, notes issued by the Operating Partnership, term
financings and derivative contracts, financing rates, type and/or amount of
collateral required to be pledged, the Company's assessment of the appropriate
amount of leverage for the particular assets the Company is funding and
regulatory requirements limiting the permissible amount of leverage to be
utilized. 
     
 The return on the Company's assets and cash available for distribution to
its stockholders may be reduced to the extent that market conditions prevent the
Company from leveraging its assets or cause the cost of its financing to
increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets originated
or acquired. The Company's financing costs will reduce cash available for
distribution to stockholders. The Company may not be able to meet its financing
 obligations and, to the extent that the Company
cannot, the Company risks the loss of some or all of the Company's assets to
liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. A decrease in the value of the
Company's assets that are subject to repurchase agreement financing may lead to
margin calls which the Company will have to satisfy. The Company may not have
the funds available to satisfy any such margin calls and may be forced to sell
assets at significantly depressed prices due to market conditions or otherwise,
which may result in losses. The satisfaction of any such margin calls may reduce
cash flow available for distribution to the Company's stockholders. Any
reduction in distributions to the Company's stockholders may cause the value of
the Company's common stock to decline. 
 - 18 - 
 

 
 The Company's inability to access
funding could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
results of operations, financial condition and business.  
       The borrowings
the Company used to fund the purchase of its portfolio totaled approximately
$374.7 million as of December 31, 2013 under the Loan Repurchase Facility, as
well as under master securities repurchase agreements with four counterparties.
The Company's ability to fund its target asset originations and acquisitions may
be impacted by the Company's ability to secure borrowings structured as
repurchase agreements, notes issued by the Operating Partnership,
securitizations, term financings and derivative contracts on acceptable terms.
Because repurchase agreements are short-term commitments of capital, lenders may
respond to market conditions making it more difficult for the Company to renew
or replace on a continuous basis its maturing short-term borrowings. If the
Company is not able to renew its then existing facilities or arrange for new
financing on terms acceptable to the Company, or if the Company defaults on the
Company's covenants or is otherwise unable to access funds under the Company's
repurchase agreements, the Company may have to curtail the Company's origination
and asset acquisition activities and/or dispose of assets. While the Company is
in discussions with additional counterparties to provide financing arrangements,
the Company cannot provide assurance that these discussions will result in
additional financing capacity for the Company. 
     
 It is possible that the lenders that will provide the Company with
financing could experience changes in their ability to advance funds to it,
independent of its performance or the performance of its portfolio of assets.
Furthermore, if many of the Company's potential lenders are unwilling or unable
to provide it with financing, the Company could be forced to sell its assets at
an inopportune time when prices are depressed. In addition, if the regulatory
capital requirements imposed on the Company's lenders change, they may be
required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide
to the Company. The Company's lenders also may revise their eligibility
requirements for the types of assets they are willing to finance or the terms of
such financings, based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and
their management of perceived risk, particularly with respect to assignee
liability. Moreover, the amount of financing the Company receives under its
repurchase agreements will be directly related to the lenders' valuation of the
Company's target assets that cover the outstanding borrowings. Typically,
repurchase agreements grant the lender the absolute right to reevaluate the fair
market value of the assets that cover outstanding borrowings at any time. If a
lender determines in its sole discretion that the value of the assets has
decreased, it has the right to initiate a margin call. A margin call would
require the Company to transfer additional assets to such lender without any
advance of funds from the lender for such transfer or to repay a portion of the
outstanding borrowings. Any such margin call could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial condition,
business, liquidity and ability to make distributions to the Company's
stockholders, and could cause the value of the Company's common stock to
decline. The Company may be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed
prices to meet such margin calls and to maintain adequate liquidity, which could
cause it to incur losses. 
     
 The dislocations in the residential mortgage sector in the financial
crisis that began in 2007 have caused many lenders to tighten their lending
standards, reduce their lending capacity or exit the market altogether. Further
contraction among lenders, insolvency of lenders or other general market
disruptions could adversely affect one or more of the Company's potential
lenders and could cause one or more of the Company's potential lenders to be
unwilling or unable to provide the Company with financing on attractive terms or
at all. This could increase the Company's financing costs and reduce its access
to liquidity.  
 - 19 - 
 

 
 The repurchase agreements that
the Company uses to finance its assets may require the Company to provide
additional collateral and may restrict the Company from leveraging its assets as
fully as desired. 
       The Company
uses borrowings structured as repurchase agreements to finance certain of its
assets. If the fair market value of the assets pledged or sold by the Company to
a financing institution declines, the Company may be required by the financing
institution to provide additional collateral or pay down a portion of the funds
advanced, but the Company may not have the funds available to do so, which could
result in defaults. Posting additional collateral to support the Company's
credit will reduce its liquidity and limit its ability to leverage its assets,
which could adversely affect its business. In the event the Company does not
have sufficient liquidity to meet such requirements, financing institutions can
accelerate repayment of the Company's indebtedness, increase interest rates,
liquidate its collateral or terminate its ability to borrow. Such a situation
would likely result in a rapid deterioration of the Company's financial
condition and possibly necessitate a filing for bankruptcy
protection. 
     
 Further, financial institutions providing the repurchase facilities may
require the Company to maintain a certain amount of cash that is not invested or
to set aside non-leveraged assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity
position which would allow the Company to satisfy its collateral obligations. As
a result, the Company may not be able to leverage the Company's assets as fully
as the Company would choose, which could reduce its return on equity. If the
Company is unable to meet these collateral obligations, the Company's financial
condition could deteriorate rapidly. 
 If a counterparty to the
Company's repurchase transactions defaults on its obligation to resell the
underlying asset back to the Company at the end of the transaction term, or if
the value of the underlying asset has declined as of the end of that term, or if
the Company defaults on its obligations under the repurchase agreement, the
Company will lose money on its repurchase transactions.  
     
 Under the Company's repurchase transactions, the Company generally sells
assets to lenders (that is, repurchase agreement counterparties) and receives
cash from the lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell the same assets back
to the Company at the end of the term of the transaction, which typically ranges
from 30 to 90 days for RMBS related repurchase agreements, and up to 364 days or
longer for residential loan related repurchase agreements. Because the cash the
Company will receive from the lender when the Company initially sells the assets
to the lender is less than the value of those assets (this is referred to as the
haircut), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same assets
back to it the Company would incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount
of the haircut (assuming there was no change in the value of the assets). The Company would also
lose money on a repurchase transaction if the value of the underlying assets has
declined as of the end of the transaction term, as the Company would have to
repurchase the assets for their initial value but would receive assets worth
less than that amount. Further, if the Company defaults on one of its
obligations under a repurchase transaction, the lender will be able to terminate
the transaction and cease entering into any other repurchase transactions with
the Company. The Company's repurchase agreements may contain cross-default
provisions, such that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders
under the Company's other agreements could also declare a default. If a default
occurs under any of the Company's repurchase agreements and the lenders
terminate one or more of the Company's repurchase agreements, the Company may
need to enter into replacement repurchase agreements with different lenders.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in entering into
such replacement repurchase agreements on the same terms as the repurchase
agreements that were terminated or at all. Any losses the Company incurs on its
repurchase transactions could adversely affect the Company's earnings and thus
the Company's cash available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 An increase in the Company's
borrowing costs relative to the interest it receives on its leveraged assets may
adversely affect the Company's profitability and the Company's cash available
for distribution to its stockholders. 



     
 As the Company's repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings
mature, the Company will be required either to enter into new borrowings or to
sell certain of its assets. An increase in short-term interest rates at the time that the Company
seeks to enter into new borrowings would reduce the spread between the returns
on the Company's assets and the cost of the Company's borrowings. This would
adversely affect the returns on the Company's assets, which might reduce
earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to the Company's
stockholders.  

 - 20 - 
 

 
 The Company's rights under the
Company's repurchase agreements may be subject to the effects of the bankruptcy
laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company or its lenders
under the repurchase agreements, which may allow the Company's lenders to
repudiate the Company's repurchase agreements. 
       In the event
of the Company's insolvency or bankruptcy, certain repurchase agreements may
qualify for special treatment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the effect of
which, among other things, would be to allow the lender under the applicable
repurchase agreement to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code and to foreclose on the collateral agreement without delay. In
the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a lender during the term of a
repurchase agreement, the lender may be permitted, under applicable insolvency
laws, to repudiate the contract, and the Company's claim against the lender for
damages may be treated simply as an unsecured creditor. In addition, if the
lender is a broker or dealer subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act
of 1970, or an insured depository institution subject to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, the Company's ability to exercise its rights to recover its
securities under a repurchase agreement or to be compensated for any damages
resulting from the lender's insolvency may be further limited by those statutes.
These claims would be subject to significant delay and, if and when received,
may be substantially less than the damages the Company actually
incurs. 
 The Exchangeable Senior Notes are
recourse obligations to the Company and the indenture governing the Exchangeable
Senior Notes contains cross-default provisions.  
     
 As of December 31, 2013, $57.5 million of the Exchangeable Senior Notes
were outstanding. These amounts are full recourse obligations of the Company. If
the Company is not able to extend, refinance or repurchase these borrowings, the
Company may not have the ability to repay these amounts when they come due. The
Company's inability to repay any of the Exchangeable Senior Notes could cause
the acceleration of its borrowings, which would have a material adverse effect
on its business. 
     
 The indenture governing the Exchangeable Senior Notes contains
cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement could result in a
default and acceleration of borrowings under other agreements. If a
cross-default occurred, the Company may not be able to pay its liabilities or
access capital from external sources in order to refinance its borrowings. If
some or all of the Company's borrowings default and it causes a default under
other borrowings, the Company's business, financial condition and consolidated
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The accounting for the
Exchangeable Senior Notes has resulted in the Company having to recognize
interest expense in excess of the stated interest rate of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes and may result in volatility to Company's consolidated statement of
operations. 
     
 Unless and until the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue shares
upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes in excess of the "aggregate share
cap," the Operating Partnership will deliver cash in respect of any shares that
would otherwise be deliverable in excess of the aggregate share cap based on a
daily exchange value calculated on a proportionate basis for each trading day of
the 40 trading day averaging period. Unless and until the Company obtains such
approval, the conversion option that is part of the Exchangeable Senior Notes is
accounted for as a derivative under ASC 815 "Derivatives and Hedging" ("ASC
815"). In general, this has resulted in an initial valuation of the conversion
option, which has been bifurcated from the debt component of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes resulting in an original issue discount. The original issue
discount is accreted to interest expense over the term of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes, which resulted in an effective interest rate reported in Company's
consolidated statement of operations in excess of the stated coupon rate of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes. This reduced the Company's earnings and could
adversely affect the price at which Company's common stock trades, but will have
no effect on the amount of cash interest paid to holders or on the Operating
Partnership's or the Company's cash flows. 
     
 For each financial statement period after issuance of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes, a change in unrealized gain (or loss) may be reported in the
Company's consolidated statement of operations to the extent the valuation of
 the conversion option changes from the previous
period, which may result in volatility to the Company's consolidated statement
of operations. 
 - 21 - 
 

 
 Through certain of its
subsidiaries the Company may engage in securitization transactions relating to
residential mortgage loans, which would expose it to potentially material
risks. 
       Through
certain of its subsidiaries the Company may engage in securitization
transactions relating to residential mortgage loans, which generally would
require the Company to prepare marketing and disclosure documentation, including
term sheets and prospectuses, that include disclosures regarding the
securitization transactions and the assets being securitized. If the Company's
marketing and disclosure documentation are alleged or found to contain
inaccuracies or omissions, the Company may be liable under federal and state
securities laws (or under other laws) for damages to third parties that invest
in these securitization transactions, including in circumstances where the
Company relied on a third party in preparing accurate disclosures, or the
Company may incur other expenses and costs in connection with disputing these
allegations or settling claims. 
     
 In recent years there has also been debate as to whether there are
defects in the legal process and legal documents governing transactions in which
securitization trusts and other secondary purchasers take legal ownership of
residential mortgage loans and establish their rights as first priority lien
holders on underlying mortgaged property. To the extent there are problems with
the manner in which title and lien priority rights were established or
transferred, securitization transactions that the Company may sponsor and
third-party sponsored securitizations that the Company holds investments in may
experience losses, which could expose the Company to losses and could damage its
ability to engage in future securitization transactions. 
 The Company's potential
securitization activities could expose it to litigation, which may adversely
affect its business and financial results. 
     
 Through certain of its subsidiaries the Company may engage in or
participate in securitization transactions relating to residential mortgage
loans. As a result of declining property values, increasing defaults, changes in
interest rates, or other factors, the aggregate cash flows from the loans held
by any securitization entity that the Company may sponsor and the securities and
other assets held by these entities may be insufficient to repay in full the
principal amount of ABS issued by these securitization entities. The Company
does not expect to be directly liable for any of the ABS issued by these
entities. Nonetheless, third parties who hold the ABS issued by these entities
may try to hold the Company liable for any losses they experience, including
through claims under federal and state securities laws or claims for breaches of
representations and warranties the Company would make in connection with
engaging in these securitization transactions. 
     
 Defending a lawsuit can consume significant resources and may divert
management’s attention from the Company's operations. The Company may be
required to establish reserves for potential losses from litigation, which could
be material. To the extent the Company is unsuccessful in its defense of any
lawsuit, the Company could suffer losses which could be in excess of any
reserves established relating to that lawsuit and these losses could be
material. 
 The Company enters into hedging
transactions that could expose it to contingent liabilities in the future and
adversely impact its financial condition. 
     
 Subject to maintaining the Company's qualification as a REIT, part of the
Company's strategy involves entering into hedging transactions that could
require it to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early
termination of a hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early
termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin assets it
is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due
would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the
respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These
economic losses will be reflected in the Company's consolidated results of
operations. The Company's ability to fund these obligations will depend on the
liquidity of its assets and access to capital at the time. The need to fund
these obligations could adversely impact the Company's financial
condition. 
 - 22 - 
 

 
 Hedging against interest rate
exposure may adversely affect the Company's earnings, which could reduce its
cash available for distribution to its stockholders. 
       Subject to
maintaining its qualification as a REIT, the Company pursues various hedging
strategies to seek to reduce its exposure to adverse changes in interest rates.
The Company's hedging activity varies in scope based on the level and volatility
of interest rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions.
Interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect the Company
because, among other things: 
 interest rate hedging can be expensive,
  particularly during periods of volatile interest rates;   
   available interest rate hedges may not correspond
  directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is
  sought;   
   the value of derivatives used for hedging may be
  adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect
  changes in fair value. Downward adjustments or "mark to market" losses would
  reduce earnings or stockholders' equity;   
   the amount of income that a REIT may earn from
  non-qualifying hedging transactions (other than through taxable REIT
  subsidiaries ("TRSs") to offset interest rate losses is limited by U.S.
  federal tax provisions governing REITs;   
   the credit quality of the hedging counterparty
  owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs
  the Company's ability to sell or assign the Company's side of the hedging
  transaction;   
   the hedging counterparty owing money in the
  hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; and   

   the duration of the hedge may not match the
  duration of the related liability. 
     
 In general, when the Company originates or acquires a fixed-rate mortgage
loan or hybrid ARM or a RMBS collateralized by such asset, the Company may, but
is not required to, enter into an interest rate swap agreement or other hedging
instrument that effectively fixes the Company's borrowing costs for a period
close to the anticipated average life of the fixed-rate portion of the related
assets. This strategy is designed to protect the Company from rising interest
rates, because the borrowing costs are fixed for the duration of the fixed-rate
portion of the related asset.  
     
 However, if prepayment rates decrease in a rising interest rate
environment, the life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets could
extend beyond the term of the swap agreement or other hedging instrument. This
could have a negative impact on the Company's consolidated results of
operations, as borrowing costs would no longer be fixed after the end of the
hedging instrument while the income earned on the asset would remain fixed. This
situation may also cause the fair market value of the Company's asset to
decline, with little or no offsetting gain from the related hedging
transactions. In extreme situations, the Company may be forced to sell assets to
maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause the Company to incur
losses. 
     
 In addition, the use of this swap hedging strategy effectively limits
increases in the Company's book value in a declining rate environment, due to
the effectively fixed nature of the Company's hedged borrowing costs. In an
extreme rate decline, prepayment rates on the Company's assets might actually
result in certain of the Company's assets being fully paid off while the
corresponding swap or other hedge instrument remains outstanding. In such a
situation, the Company may be forced to liquidate the swap or other hedge
instrument at a level that causes it to incur a loss. 
     
 The Company's hedging transactions, which are intended to limit losses,
may actually adversely affect the Company's earnings, which could reduce its
cash available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 - 23 - 
 

 
 The Company's use of derivatives
may expose it to counterparty and other risks. 
       Certain of the
Company's subsidiaries have entered into over-the-counter interest rate swap
agreements to hedge risks associated with movements in interest rates. Because
interest rate swaps were not cleared through a central counterparty, the Company
remains exposed to the counterparty's ability to perform its obligations under
each such swap and cannot look to the creditworthiness of a central counterparty
for performance. As a result, if an over-the-counter swap counterparty cannot
perform under the terms of an interest rate swap, the Company's subsidiary would
not receive payments due under that agreement, the Company may lose any
unrealized gain associated with the interest rate swap and the hedged liability
would cease to be hedged by the interest rate swap. While the Company would seek
to terminate the relevant over-the-counter swap transaction and may have a claim
against the defaulting counterparty for any losses, including unrealized gains,
there is no assurance that the Company would be able to recover such amounts or
to replace the relevant swap on economically viable terms or at all. In such
case, the Company could be forced to cover its unhedged liabilities at the then
current market price. The Company may also be at risk for any collateral the
Company has pledged to secure the Company's obligations under the
over-the-counter interest rate swap if the counterparty becomes insolvent or
files for bankruptcy. 
     
 Furthermore, the Company's swap transactions are subject to increasing
statutory and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of
the counterparty, applicable international requirements. Recently, new
regulations have been promulgated by U.S. and foreign regulators attempting to
strengthen oversight of derivative contracts. Any actions taken by regulators
could constrain the Company's strategy and could increase its costs, either of
which could materially and adversely impact its consolidated results of
operations. 
     
 In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act requires certain derivatives, including
certain interest rate swaps, to be executed on a regulated market and cleared
through a central counterparty. Unlike uncleared swaps, the counterparty for the
cleared swaps is the clearing house, which reduces counterparty risk. However,
cleared swaps require the Company to appoint clearing brokers and to post margin
in accordance with the clearing house's rules, which has resulted in increased
costs for cleared swaps over uncleared swaps. It is expected that margin
requirements will be introduced for uncleared swaps during the next 12 – 18
months which will exceed the margin requirements, and the costs to the Company,
over cleared swaps. The margin regulations for both cleared and uncleared swaps
are also expected to limit eligible margin to cash and specified types of
securities, which may further increase the costs of hedging and induce the
Company to change or reduce its use of hedging transactions. 
     
 Derivative instruments are also subject to liquidity risk and may be
difficult or impossible to sell, close out or replace quickly and at the price
that reflects the fundamental value of the instrument. Although both
over-the-counter and exchange-traded markets may experience lack of liquidity,
over-the-counter non-standardized derivative transactions are generally less
liquid than exchange-traded instruments. 
 Regulation as a commodity pool
operator could subject the Company to additional regulation and compliance
requirements which could materially adversely affect the Company's business and
financial condition.  
     
 The Dodd-Frank Act extended the reach of commodity regulations for the
first time to include not just traditional futures and options contracts but
also derivative contracts referred to as "swaps." As a consequence of this
change, any investment fund that trades in swaps may be considered a "commodity
pool" under regulations issued by the relevant regulator, the U.S. Commodity
Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC"). If the Company is a commodity pool, unless
an exemption applies, its operator will be regulated as a commodity pool
operator ("CPO"). Under revised requirements issued by the CFTC, CPOs must
register or file for an exemption from registration with the National Futures
Association, the self-regulatory organization for CFTC-regulated swaps and other
financial instruments, and become subject to regulation by the CFTC, including
with respect to disclosure, recordkeeping and reporting. 
     
 On December 7, 2012, the CFTC issued a No-Action Letter that provides
mortgage REITs relief from such registration ("No-Action Letter") if they meet
certain conditions and submit a claim for such no-action relief by email to the
CFTC. The Company believes it meets the conditions set forth in the No-Action
Letter and it has filed its claim with the CFTC to permit the use of the
no-action relief from registration. However, if in the future the Company does
not meet the conditions set forth in the No-Action Letter or the relief provided
by the No-Action Letter becomes unavailable for any other reason and the Company
is unable to obtain another exemption from registration, the Company may be
required to reduce or eliminate its use of interest rate swaps or vary the
manner in  which it deploys interest rate swaps in
its business in order to mitigate the cost of compliance with the commodity pool
regulations. Further, the Company or its directors may be required to register
with the CFTC as CPOs and the Advisor may be required to register as a
"commodity trading advisor" with the CFTC in order to execute or maintain the
Company's hedging strategy. This will subject the Company, its directors and the
Advisor to regulation by the CFTC and require compliance with the CFTC's swap
rules. In the event registration for the Company, its directors or the Advisor
is required but is not obtained, the Company, its directors or the Advisor may
be subject to fines, penalties and other civil or governmental actions or
proceedings. The costs of compliance with the CFTC regulations, or the changes
to the Company's hedging strategy necessary to avoid their application, could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition
and consolidated results of operations. 
 - 24 - 
 

 
 If the Company attempts to
qualify for hedge accounting treatment for its derivative instruments, but the
Company fails to so qualify, it may suffer because losses on the derivatives
that the Company enters into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of
the related hedged transaction. 
       If the Company
attempts to qualify for hedge accounting treatment for the Company's derivative
instruments, but it fails to so qualify for a number of reasons, including if
the Company uses instruments that do not meet the definition of a derivative
(such as short sales), the Company fails to satisfy hedge documentation and
hedge effectiveness assessment requirements or the Company's instruments are not
highly effective, the Company may suffer because losses on the derivatives the
Company holds may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related
hedged transaction. 
 Declines in the fair market
values of the Company's assets may adversely affect periodic reported results
and credit availability, which may reduce earnings and, in turn, cash available
for distribution to the Company's stockholders. 
     
 A portion of the Company's assets may be classified for accounting
purposes as "available-for-sale." Other than in the instances of
other-than-temporary impairment, changes in the fair market values of most of
these assets will be directly charged or credited to stockholders' equity. As a
result, a decline in values may reduce the book value of the Company. Moreover,
if the decline in value of an available-for-sale security is other than
temporary or if the Company elects the fair value option in respect of such
security, such decline will reduce earnings. 
     
 A decline in the fair market value of the Company's assets may adversely
affect it, particularly in instances where the Company has borrowed money based
on the fair market value of those assets. If the fair market value of those
assets declines, the lender may require the Company to post additional
collateral to support the loan. If the Company were unable to post the
additional collateral, it would have to sell the assets at a time when it might
not otherwise choose to do so. A reduction in credit available may reduce the
Company's earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to
stockholders.  
 Risks Related to the Company's
Assets and the Company's Target Assets  
 The Company may not realize gains
or income from its assets, which could cause the value of its common stock to
decline.  
     
 The Company seeks to generate both current income and capital
appreciation for its stockholders. However, the Company's assets may not
appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value, and the debt assets the
Company owns, originates or acquires may default on interest and/or principal
payments. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to realize gains or income
from the Company's assets. Any gains that the Company does realize may not be
sufficient to offset any other losses the Company experiences. Any income that
the Company realizes may not be sufficient to offset the Company's
expenses. 
 The Company's portfolio of assets
may be concentrated and will be subject to risk of default. 
     
 While the Company intends to diversify its portfolio of assets in the
manner described in this annual report on Form 10-K, the Company is not required
to observe specific diversification criteria, except as may be set forth in the
guidelines adopted by the Company's board of directors. Therefore, the Company's
portfolio of assets may at times be concentrated in certain property types that
are subject to higher risk of foreclosure, or secured by properties concentrated
in a limited number of geographic locations. For example, as of December 31,
2013, the five states  that represented the
largest portion of mortgage loans (measured by outstanding principal balance)
were: California (25.6%); Florida (17.8%); Georgia (6.8%); New Jersey (4.6%);
and Virginia (4.0%). To the extent that the Company's portfolio is concentrated
in any one region or type of security, downturns relating generally to such
region or type of security may result in defaults on a number of its assets
within a short time period, which may reduce the Company's net income and the
value of its common stock and accordingly reduce its ability to pay dividends to
its stockholders. 
 - 25 - 
 

 
 The spread between swap rates and
residential mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS may widen due to difficult market
conditions, which may adversely affect lending terms for these assets and have a
negative impact on the Company's stated book value. 
       Since the
onset of the financial crisis that began in 2007, the spread between swap rates
and residential mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS has been volatile. Spreads on
these assets initially moved wider due to the difficult credit conditions and
have only recovered a portion of that widening. As the prices of securitized
assets declined, a number of investors and a number of structured investment
vehicles faced margin calls from dealers and were forced to sell assets in order
to reduce leverage. The price volatility of these assets also impacted lending
terms in the repurchase market, as counterparties raised margin requirements to
reflect the more difficult environment. The spread between the yield on the
Company's assets and its funding costs is an important factor in the performance
of this aspect of the Company's business. Wider spreads imply greater income on
new asset purchases but may have a negative impact on the Company's stated book
value. Wider spreads generally negatively impact asset prices. In an environment
where spreads are widening, counterparties may require additional collateral to
secure borrowings, which may require the Company to reduce leverage by selling
assets. 
 The Company holds and may
originate or acquire additional residential mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS
collateralized by subprime mortgage loans, which are subject to increased
risks. 
     
 The Company holds and may originate or acquire additional residential
mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS backed by collateral pools of mortgage loans
that have been originated using underwriting standards that are less restrictive
than those used in underwriting "prime mortgage loans" and "alternative-A
mortgage loans." These lower standards include mortgage loans made to borrowers
having imperfect or impaired credit histories, mortgage loans where the amount
of the loan at origination is 80% or more of the value of the mortgage property,
mortgage loans made to borrowers with low credit scores, mortgage loans made to
borrowers who have other debt that represents a large portion of their income
and mortgage loans made to borrowers whose income is not required to be
disclosed or verified. Due to economic conditions, including lower home prices,
as well as aggressive lending practices, subprime mortgage loans have in recent
years experienced increased rates of delinquency, foreclosure, bankruptcy and
loss, and they are likely to continue to experience delinquency, foreclosure,
bankruptcy and loss rates that are higher, and that may be substantially higher,
than those experienced by mortgage loans underwritten in a more traditional
manner. Thus, because of the higher delinquency rates and losses associated with
subprime mortgage loans, the performance of subprime mortgage loans and
non-Agency RMBS backed by subprime mortgage loans that the Company holds and may
originate or acquire could be correspondingly adversely affected, which could
adversely impact the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial
condition and business. 
 Deficiencies in the underwriting
of newly originated residential mortgage loans may result in an increase in the
severity of losses on the Company's residential mortgage
loans. 
     
 The Company plans, over time, to evolve its whole loan strategy to
include newly originated residential mortgage loans, which the Company expects
to become a core component of its strategy. The underwriting of newly originated
residential mortgage loans is different than the underwriting and investment
process related to seasoned mortgage loans and RMBS, which focuses, in part, on
performance history. 
     
 Prior to originating or acquiring residential mortgage loans or other
assets, the Company may undertake underwriting and due diligence efforts with
respect to various aspects of the loan or asset. When underwriting or conducting
due diligence, the Company relies on resources and data available to it, which
may be limited, and on investigations by third parties. The Company may also
only conduct due diligence on a sample of a pool of loans or assets it is
acquiring and assume that the sample is representative of the entire pool. The
Company's underwriting and due diligence efforts may not reveal matters which
could lead to losses. If the Company's underwriting process  is not robust enough or if it does not conduct adequate due
diligence, or the scope of the Company's underwriting or due diligence is
limited, the Company may incur losses. 
 - 26 - 
 

 
       During the
mortgage loan underwriting process, appraisals are generally obtained on the
collateral underlying each prospective mortgage. The quality of these appraisals
may vary widely in accuracy and consistency. The appraiser may feel pressure
from the broker or lender to provide an appraisal in the amount necessary to
enable the originator to make the loan, whether or not the value of the property
justifies such an appraised value. Inaccurate or inflated appraisals may result
in an increase in the severity of losses on the residential mortgage
loans. 
     
 Although mortgage originators generally underwrite mortgage loans in
accordance with their pre-determined loan underwriting guidelines, from time to
time and in the ordinary course of business, originators, including the Company,
may make exceptions to these guidelines. On a case by case basis, underwriters
may determine that a prospective borrower that does not strictly qualify under
the underwriting guidelines warrants an underwriting exception, based upon
compensating factors. Compensating factors may include a lower loan-to-value
ratio, a higher debt coverage ratio, experience as an owner or investor, higher
borrower net worth or liquidity, stable employment, longer length of time in
business and length of time owning the property. Loans originated with
exceptions may result in a higher number of delinquencies and
defaults. 
 Losses could occur due to a
counterparty that sold the Company a loan refusing to or being unable to
repurchase that loan or pay damages related to breaches of representations made
by the seller and due to inaccurate representations made by the Company in
connection with its sale of a loan. 
     
 While the Company has not yet begun originating or purchasing newly
originated loans, it has taken steps to build out its capabilities. Losses could
occur due to a counterparty that sold the Company a loan or other asset refusing
to or being unable to (e.g., due to its financial condition) repurchase that
loan or asset or pay damages to the Company if the Company determines subsequent
to purchase that one or more of the representations or warranties made to the
Company in connection with the sale was inaccurate. 
     
 Even if the Company obtains representations and warranties from the
counterparties from whom it acquired the loans or other assets, they may not
parallel the representations and warranties the Company makes to subsequent
purchasers of the loans or may otherwise not protect the Company from losses,
including, for example, due to the counterparty being insolvent or otherwise
unable to make a payment to the Company at the time it claims damages for a
breach of representation or warranty. Furthermore, to the extent the Company
claims that counterparties from which the Company has acquired loans have
breached their representations and warranties to the Company, it may adversely
impact the Company's business relationship with those counterparties, including
by reducing the volume of business the Company conducts with those
counterparties, which could negatively impact the Company's ability to acquire
loans and the Company's business. To the extent the Company has significant
exposure to representations and warranties made to it by one or more
counterparties from which the Company acquires loans, the Company may determine,
as a matter of risk management, to reduce or discontinue loan acquisitions from
those counterparties, which could reduce the volume of mortgage loans the
Company acquires and negatively impact the Company's business and financial
results. 
     
 In addition, when selling loans (including sales into a securitization
trust), the Company will typically be required to make representations and
warranties to the purchaser regarding, among other things, certain
characteristics of those assets, including characteristics the Company seeks to
verify through the Company's underwriting and due diligence efforts. If the
Company's representations and warranties are inaccurate with respect to any
asset, it may be obligated to repurchase that asset or pay damages, which may
result in a loss. The Company generally does not establish reserves for
potential liabilities relating to representations and warranties it makes unless
and until the Company believes that those liabilities are both probable and
estimable, as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a result, the Company
may not have reserves relating to these potential liabilities or any reserves it
may establish could be inadequate. 
 - 27 -  
 
 
 
 The residential mortgage loans
and the mortgage loans underlying the RMBS that the Company holds and intends to
originate or acquire may be subject to defaults, foreclosure timeline extension,
fraud and residential price depreciation and unfavorable modification of loan
principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal, which could
result in losses to the Company. 
       The
residential mortgage loans and the mortgage loans underlying the RMBS that the
Company holds and intends to originate or acquire may be subject to the risks of
defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud and home price depreciation and
unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and
amortization of principal. The ability of a borrower to repay a mortgage loan
secured by a residential property is dependent upon the income or assets of the
borrower. 
     
 A number of factors may impair borrowers' abilities to repay their loans,
including: 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and
  market conditions;   
   changes in governmental laws and regulations,
  fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with
  laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances;   
   costs of remediation and liabilities associated
  with environmental conditions such as indoor mold;   
   the potential for uninsured or under-insured
  property losses;   
   acts of God, including earthquakes, floods and
  other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses;
  and   
   acts of war or terrorism, including the
  consequences of terrorist attacks, such as those that occurred on September
  11, 2001. 
     
 In the event of defaults on the residential mortgage loans that the
Company holds, originates or acquires or that underlie its investments in RMBS
and the exhaustion of any underlying or any additional credit support, the
Company may not realize its anticipated return on its investments and the
Company may incur a loss on these investments. In addition, the Company's
investments in non-Agency RMBS will be backed by residential real property but,
in contrast to Agency RMBS, their principal and interest will not be guaranteed
by federally chartered entities such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and, in the
case of Ginnie Mae, the U.S. Government. The ability of a borrower to repay
these loans or other financial assets is dependent upon the income or assets of
these borrowers. 
 The Company may be affected by
alleged or actual deficiencies in servicing and foreclosure practices of third
parties, as well as related delays in the foreclosure process.
 
     
 Allegations of deficiencies in servicing and foreclosure practices among
several large sellers and servicers of residential mortgage loans that surfaced
in 2010 raised various concerns relating to such practices, including the
improper execution of the documents used in foreclosure proceedings ("robo
signing"), inadequate documentation of transfers and registrations of mortgages
and assignments of loans, improper modifications of loans, violations of
representations and warranties at the date of securitization and failure to
enforce put-backs. 
     
 As a result of alleged deficiencies in foreclosure practices, a number of
servicers temporarily suspended foreclosure proceedings beginning in the second
half of 2010 while they evaluated their foreclosure practices. In late 2010, a
group of state attorneys general and state bank and mortgage regulators
representing nearly all 50 states and the District of Columbia, along with the
U.S. Justice Department and the Department of Housing and Urban Development,
began an investigation into foreclosure practices of banks and servicers. The
investigations and lawsuits by several state attorneys general led to a
settlement agreement in March 2012 with five of the nation's largest banks,
pursuant to which the banks agreed to pay more than $25 billion to settle claims
relating to improper foreclosure practices. The settlement does not prohibit the
states, the federal government, individuals or investors in RMBS from pursuing
additional actions against the banks and servicers in the future. 
 - 28 - 
 
 
     
 The integrity of the servicing and foreclosure processes are critical to
the value of the residential mortgage loans and the RMBS collateralized by
residential mortgage loans in which the Company invests, and the Company's  financial results could be adversely affected by deficiencies
in the conduct of those processes. For example, delays in the foreclosure
process that have resulted from investigations into improper servicing practices
may adversely affect the values of, and the Company's losses on, the residential
mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS the Company owns or may originate or acquire.
Foreclosure delays may also increase the administrative expenses of any
securitization trusts that the Company may sponsor for non-Agency RMBS, thereby
reducing the amount of funds available for distribution to the Company's
stockholders. In addition, the subordinate classes of securities issued by any
such securitization trusts may continue to receive interest payments while the
defaulted loans remain in the trusts, rather than absorbing the default losses.
This may reduce the amount of credit support available for the senior classes
the Company may own, thus possibly adversely affecting these
securities. 
     
 In addition, in these circumstances, the Company may be obligated to fund
any obligation of the servicer to make advances on behalf of a delinquent loan
obligor. To the extent that there are significant amounts of advances that need
to be funded in respect of loans where the Company owns the servicing right, it
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and financial
results. 
     
 While the Company believes that the sellers and servicers would be in
violation of their servicing contracts to the extent that they have improperly
serviced mortgage loans or improperly executed documents in foreclosure or
bankruptcy proceedings, or do not comply with the terms of servicing contracts
when deciding whether to apply principal reductions, it may be difficult,
expensive and time consuming for the Company to enforce its contractual rights.
The Company continues to monitor and review the issues raised by the alleged
improper foreclosure practices. While the Company cannot predict exactly how the
servicing and foreclosure matters or the resulting litigation or settlement
agreements will affect its business, there can be no assurance that these
matters will not have an adverse impact on the Company's consolidated results of
operations and financial condition. 
 The commercial mortgage loans
underlying the CMBS the Company may hold and acquire may be subject to defaults,
foreclosure timeline extension, fraud and commercial price depreciation and
unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and
amortization of principal, which could result in losses to the
Company. 
     
 CMBS are secured by a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool of
commercial mortgage loans. Commercial mortgage loans are secured by multifamily
or commercial property and may be subject to risks of delinquency and
foreclosure, and risks of loss that may be greater than similar risks associated
with loans made on the security of single-family residential property. The
ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property
typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property
rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower.
If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower's ability
to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing
property can be affected by, among other things, 
 tenant mix;   
   success of tenant businesses;   
   property management decisions;   
   property location and condition;   
   competition from comparable types of
  properties;   
   changes in laws that increase operating expenses
  or limit rents that may be charged;   
   any need to address environmental contamination at
  the property or the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the
  property;   
   changes in national, regional or local economic
  conditions and/or specific industry segments;   
   declines in regional or local real estate
  values;   
   declines in regional or local rental or occupancy
  rates; 
 - 29 -  
 

 
 increases in interest rates;   
   real estate tax rates and other operating
  expenses;   
   changes in governmental rules, regulations and
  fiscal policies, including environmental legislation; and   
   acts of God, terrorist attacks, social unrest and
  civil disturbances. 
 The Company's investments may
include subordinated tranches of RMBS or CMBS, which are subordinate in right of
payment to more senior securities. 
       The Company's
investments may include subordinated tranches of RMBS or CMBS, which are
subordinated classes of securities in a structure of securities collateralized
by a pool of mortgage loans and, accordingly, are the first or among the first
to bear the loss upon a restructuring or liquidation of the underlying
collateral and the last to receive payment of interest and principal.
Additionally, estimated fair values of these subordinated interests tend to be
more sensitive to changes in economic conditions than more senior securities. As
a result, such subordinated interests generally are not actively traded and may
not provide holders thereof with liquid investments. 
 If the Advisor underestimates the
loss-adjusted yields of the Company's CMBS investments, the Company may
experience losses. 
     
 The Advisor expects to value any CMBS investments based on loss-adjusted
yields, taking into account estimated future losses on the mortgage loans
included in the securitization's pool of loans, and the estimated impact of
these losses on expected future cash flows. The Advisor's loss estimates may not
prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. In the event that the
Advisor underestimates the pool level losses relative to the price the Company
pays for a particular CMBS investment, the Company may experience losses with
respect to such investment. 
 The Company may not control the
special servicing of the mortgage loans included in the CMBS in which it may
invest and, in such cases, the special servicer may take actions that could
adversely affect the Company's interests. 
     
 With respect to CMBS in which the Company may invest, overall control
over the special servicing of the related underlying mortgage loans will be held
by a "directing certificateholder" or a "controlling class representative,"
which is appointed by the holders of the most subordinate class of CMBS in such
series. The Company may not have the right to appoint the directing
certificateholder. In connection with the servicing of the specially serviced
mortgage loans, the related special servicer may, at the direction of the
directing certificateholder, take actions with respect to the specially serviced
mortgage loans that could adversely affect the Company's interests. 
 The Company may purchase
interests in mortgage servicing rights, which will expose it to significant
risks. 
     
 MSRs are among the Company's target assets. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
generally require mortgage servicers to be paid a minimum servicing fee that
significantly exceeds the amount a servicer would charge in an arm's-length
transaction. The minimum servicing fee required by the Agencies is therefore
made up of the normal arm's-length servicing fee and the excess mortgage
servicing amount. 
     
 Any MSRs the Company acquires will be recorded at fair value on the
Company's balance sheet based upon significant estimates and assumptions, with
changes in fair value included in the Company's consolidated results of
operations. Such estimates and assumptions would include, without limitation,
estimates of future cash flows associated with MSRs based upon assumptions
involving interest rates as well as the prepayment rates, delinquencies and
foreclosure rates of the underlying serviced mortgage loans. 
     
 The ultimate realization of the value of MSRs, which are measured at fair
value on a recurring basis, may be materially different than the fair values of
such MSRs as may be reflected in the Company's balance sheet as of any
particular date. The use of different estimates or assumptions in connection
with the valuation of these assets could produce materially different fair
values for such assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company's consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. Accordingly, there may be material
uncertainty about the fair value of any MSRs the Company acquires. 
 - 30 - 
 

 
       Changes in
interest rates are a key driver of the performance of MSRs. Historically, the
value of MSRs has increased when interest rates rise and decreased when interest
rates decline due to the effect those changes in interest rates have on
prepayment estimates. The Company may pursue various hedging strategies to seek
to reduce its exposure to adverse changes in interest rates. The Company's
hedging activity will vary in scope based on the level and volatility of
interest rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions.
Interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect the Company.
To the extent the Company does not utilize derivatives to hedge against changes
in the fair value of MSRs, the Company's balance sheet, consolidated results of
operations and cash flows would be susceptible to significant volatility due to
changes in the fair value of, or cash flows from, MSRs as interest rates
change. 
     
 Prepayment speeds significantly affect excess mortgage servicing fees.
Prepayment speed is the measurement of how quickly borrowers pay down the unpaid
principal balance of their loans or how quickly loans are otherwise brought
current, modified, liquidated or charged off. The Company will base the price it
pays for MSRs and the rate of amortization of those assets on factors such as
the Company's projection of the cash flows from the related pool of mortgage
loans. The Company's expectation of prepayment speeds will be a significant
assumption underlying those cash flow projections. If prepayment speeds are
significantly greater than expected, the carrying value of MSRs could exceed
their estimated fair value. If the fair value of MSRs decreases, the Company
would be required to record a non-cash charge, which would have a negative
impact on its financial results. Furthermore, a significant increase in
prepayment speeds could materially reduce the ultimate cash flows the Company
receives from MSRs, and the Company could ultimately receive substantially less
than what it paid for such assets. 
     
 Moreover, delinquency rates have a significant impact on the valuation of
any excess mortgage servicing fees. An increase in delinquencies will generally
result in lower revenue because typically the Company will only collect
servicing fees from Agencies or mortgage owners for performing loans. If
delinquencies are significantly greater than the Company expects, the estimated
fair value of the MSRs could be diminished. When the estimated fair value of
MSRs is reduced, the Company could suffer a loss, which could have a negative
impact on the Company's financial results. 
     
 Furthermore, MSRs are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and local
laws and regulations and may be subject to various judicial and administrative
decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions on the Company's
business. The Company's failure to comply, or the failure of the servicer to
comply, with the laws, rules or regulations to which the Company or the servicer
are subject by virtue of ownership of MSRs, whether actual or alleged, could
expose the Company to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities,
including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, consolidated
results of operations or cash flows. 
 The receivables underlying the
ABS the Company may acquire are subject to credit risks, liquidity risks,
interest rate risks, market risks, operations risks, structural risks and legal
risks, which could result in losses to the Company.  
     
 ABS are securities backed by various asset classes, including auto loans,
student loans, credit card loans, equipment loans, floor plan loans and small
business loans fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the U.S. Small
Business Administration. A portion of the Company's target assets may be ABS.
The structure of an ABS, and the terms of the investors' interest in the
underlying collateral, can vary widely depending on the type of collateral, the
desires of investors and the use of credit enhancements. Individual transactions
can differ markedly in both structure and execution. Important determinants of
the risk associated with issuing or holding ABS include (i) the relative
seniority or subordination of the class of ABS held by an investor, (ii) the
relative allocation of principal and interest payments in the priorities by
which such payments are made under the governing documents, (iii) the effect of
credit losses on both the issuing vehicle and investors' returns, (iv) whether
the underlying collateral represents a fixed set of specific assets or accounts,
(v) whether the underlying collateral assets are revolving or closed-end, (vi)
the terms (including maturity of the ABS) under which any remaining balance in
the accounts may revert to the issuing vehicle and (vii) the extent to which the
entity that sold the underlying collateral to the issuing vehicle is obligated
to provide support to the issuing vehicle or to investors. With respect to some
 types of ABS, the foregoing risks are more
closely correlated with similar risks on corporate bonds of similar terms and
maturities than with the performance of a pool of similar assets. 
 - 31 -  
 

 
       In addition,
certain ABS (particularly subordinated ABS) provide that the non-payment of
interest thereon in cash will not constitute an event of default in certain
circumstances, and the holders of such ABS will not have available to them any
associated default remedies. Interest not paid in cash will generally be
capitalized and added to the outstanding principal balance of the related
security. Deferral of interest through such capitalization will reduce the yield
on such ABS. 
     
 Holders of ABS bear various risks, including credit risks, liquidity
risks, interest rate risks, market risks, operations risks, structural risks and
legal risks. Credit risk arises from (i) losses due to defaults by obligors
under the underlying collateral and (ii) the issuing vehicle's or servicer's
failure to perform its respective obligations under the transaction documents
governing the ABS. These two risks may be related, as, for example, in the case
of a servicer that does not provide adequate credit-review scrutiny to the
underlying collateral, leading to a higher incidence of defaults. 
     
 Market risk arises from the cash flow characteristics of the ABS, which
for most ABS tend to be predictable. The greatest variability in cash flows
comes from credit performance, including the presence of wind-down or
acceleration features designed to protect the investor in the event that credit
losses in the portfolio rise well above expected levels. 
     
 Interest rate risk arises for the issuer from (i) the pricing terms on
the underlying collateral, (ii) the terms of the interest rate paid to holders
of the ABS and (iii) the need to mark to market the excess servicing or spread
account proceeds carried on the issuing vehicle's balance sheet. For the holder
of the security, interest rate risk depends on the expected life of the ABS,
which may depend on prepayments on the underlying assets or the occurrence of
wind-down or termination events. If the servicer becomes subject to financial
difficulty or otherwise ceases to be able to carry out its functions, it may be
difficult to find other acceptable substitute servicers and cash flow
disruptions or losses may occur, particularly with underlying collateral
comprised of non-standard receivables or receivables originated by private
retailers who collect many of the payments at their stores. 
     
 Structural and legal risks include the possibility that, in a bankruptcy
or similar proceeding involving the originator or the servicer (often the same
entity or affiliates), a court having jurisdiction over the proceeding could
determine that, because of the degree to which cash flows on the assets of the
issuing vehicle may have been commingled with cash flows on the originator's
other assets (or similar reasons), (i) the assets of the issuing vehicle could
be treated as never having been truly sold by the originator to the issuing
vehicle and could be substantively consolidated with those of the originator, or
(ii) the transfer of such assets to the issuer could be voided as a fraudulent
transfer. The time and expense related to a challenge of such a determination
also could result in losses and/or delayed cash flows. 
 An increase in interest rates may
cause a decrease in the volume of certain of the Company's target assets, which
could adversely affect its ability to originate or acquire target assets that
satisfy its investment objectives and to generate income and make distributions.
 
     
 Rising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage loans due
to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of mortgage loans
originated may affect the volume of the Company's target assets available to it,
which could adversely affect the Company's ability to originate or acquire
assets that satisfy its investment objectives. Rising interest rates may also
cause the Company's target assets that were issued prior to an interest rate
increase to provide yields that are below prevailing market interest rates. If
rising interest rates cause the Company to be unable to originate or acquire a
sufficient volume of its target assets with a yield that is above the Company's
borrowing cost, the Company's ability to satisfy its investment objectives and
to generate income and make distributions may be materially and adversely
affected. 
     
 The relationship between short-term and longer-term interest rates is
often referred to as the "yield curve." Ordinarily, short-term interest rates
are lower than longer-term interest rates. If short-term interest rates rise
disproportionately relative to longer-term interest rates (a flattening of the
yield curve), the Company's borrowing costs may increase more rapidly than the
interest income earned on the Company's assets. Because the Company expects its
investments, on average, generally will bear interest based on longer-term rates
than the Company's  borrowings, a flattening of
the yield curve would tend to decrease the Company's net income and the fair
market value of its net assets. Additionally, to the extent cash flows from
investments that return scheduled and unscheduled principal are reinvested, the
spread between the yields on the new investments and available borrowing rates
may decline, which would likely decrease the Company's net income. It is also
possible that short-term interest rates may exceed longer-term interest rates (a
yield curve inversion), in which event the Company's borrowing costs may exceed
its interest income and the Company could incur operating losses.  
 - 32 - 
 

 
 Increases in interest rates could
adversely affect the value of the Company's investments and cause its interest
expense to increase, which could result in reduced earnings or losses and
negatively affect the Company's profitability as well as the cash available for
distribution to the Company's stockholders. 
       The Company
seeks to invest in residential mortgage loans, non-Agency RMBS, MSRs, Agency
RMBS and other real estate-related and financial assets, including IOs, CMBS and
ABS. In a normal yield curve environment, an investment in such assets will
generally decline in value if long-term interest rates increase. Declines in
fair market value may ultimately reduce earnings or result in losses to the
Company, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to the
Company's stockholders. 
     
 A significant risk associated with the Company's target assets is the
risk that both long-term and short-term interest rates will increase
significantly. If long-term rates increased significantly, the fair market value
of these investments would decline, and the duration and weighted average life
of the investments would increase. The Company could realize a loss if the
securities were sold. At the same time, an increase in short-term interest rates
would increase the amount of interest owed on the Company's repurchase
agreements. 
     
 Fair market values of the Company's investments may decline without any
general increase in interest rates for a number of reasons, such as increases or
expected increases in defaults, or increases or expected increases in voluntary
prepayments for those investments that are subject to prepayment risk or
widening of credit spreads. 
     
 In addition, in a period of rising interest rates, the Company's
operating results will depend in large part on the difference between the income
from the Company's assets and the Company's financing costs. The Company
anticipates that, in most cases, the income from such assets will respond more
slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of its borrowings.
Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates,
may significantly influence the Company's net income. Increases in these rates
will tend to decrease the Company's net income and fair market value of its
assets.  
 Interest rate mismatches between
the Company's ARMs and RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs and the Company's
borrowings used to fund its purchases of these assets may cause it to suffer
losses. 
     
 The Company funds its residential mortgage loans and RMBS with borrowings
that have interest rates that adjust more frequently than the interest rate
indices and repricing terms of ARMs and RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs.
Accordingly, if short-term interest rates increase, the Company's borrowing
costs may increase faster than the interest rates on its ARMs and RMBS backed by
ARMs or hybrid ARMs adjust. As a result, in a period of rising interest rates,
the Company could experience a decrease in net income or a net loss. 
     
 In most cases, the interest rate indices and repricing terms of ARMs and
RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs and the Company's borrowings are not
identical, thereby potentially creating an interest rate mismatch between the
Company's investments and its borrowings. While the historical spread between
relevant short-term interest rate indices has been relatively stable, there have
been periods when the spread between these indices was volatile. During periods
of changing interest rates, these interest rate index mismatches could reduce
the Company's net income or produce a net loss, and adversely affect the level
of the Company's dividends and the market price of its common stock. 
     
 In addition, ARMs and RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs are typically
subject to lifetime interest rate caps that limit the amount an interest rate
can increase through the maturity of the ARMs. However, the Company's borrowings
under repurchase agreements typically are not subject to similar restrictions.
Accordingly, in a period of rapidly increasing interest rates, the interest
rates paid on the Company's borrowings could increase without limitation while
caps could limit the interest rates on these types of assets. This problem is
magnified for ARMs and RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs that are not fully
indexed. Further, some ARMs and RMBS  backed by
ARMs or hybrid ARMs may be subject to periodic payment caps that result in a
portion of the interest being deferred and added to the principal outstanding.
As a result, the Company may receive less cash income on these types of assets
than the Company needs to pay interest on its related borrowings. These factors
could reduce the Company's net interest income and cause it to suffer a loss
during periods of rising interest rates. 
 - 33 - 
 

 
 Interest rate fluctuations may
adversely affect the level of the Company's net income and the value of the
Company's assets and common stock. 
       Interest rates
are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax
policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and
other factors beyond the Company's control. Interest rate fluctuations present a
variety of risks, including the risk of a narrowing of the difference between
asset yields and borrowing rates, flattening or inversion of the yield curve and
fluctuating prepayment rates, and may adversely affect the Company's income and
the value of its assets and common stock. 
 Because the Company holds and may
originate or acquire additional fixed-rate assets, an increase in interest rates
on the Company's borrowings may adversely affect its book
value. 
     
 Increases in interest rates may negatively affect the fair market value
of the Company's assets. Any fixed-rate assets the Company holds, originates or
acquires generally will be more negatively affected by these increases than
adjustable-rate assets. In accordance with accounting rules, the Company will be
required to reduce its earnings for any decrease in the fair market value of its
assets that are accounted for under the fair value option. The Company will be
required to evaluate its assets on a quarterly basis to determine their fair
value by using third-party bid price indications provided by dealers who make
markets in these assets or by third-party pricing services. If the fair value of
an asset is not available from a dealer or third-party pricing service, the
Company will estimate the fair value of the asset using a variety of methods,
including discounted cash flow analysis, matrix pricing, option-adjusted spread
models and fundamental analysis. Aggregate characteristics taken into
consideration include type of collateral, index, margin, periodic cap, lifetime
cap, underwriting standards, age and delinquency experience. However, the fair
value reflects estimates and may not be indicative of the amounts the Company
would receive in a current market exchange. If the Company determines that a
security is other-than-temporarily impaired, the Company would be required to
reduce the value of such security on its balance sheet by recording an
impairment charge in its income statement and its stockholders' equity would be
correspondingly reduced. Reductions in stockholders' equity decrease the amounts
the Company may borrow to originate or purchase additional target assets, which
could restrict the Company's ability to increase its net income. 
 Because the assets the Company
holds and expects to originate or acquire may experience periods of illiquidity,
the Company may lose profits or be prevented from earning capital gains if the
Company cannot sell mortgage-related assets at an opportune time.
 
     
 The Company bears the risk of being unable to dispose of its assets at
advantageous times or in a timely manner because mortgage-related assets
generally experience periods of illiquidity, including the recent period of
delinquencies and defaults with respect to residential mortgage loans. The lack
of liquidity may result from the absence of a willing buyer or an established
market for these assets, as well as legal or contractual restrictions on resale
or the unavailability of financing for these assets. As a result, the Company's
ability to vary its portfolio in response to changes in economic and other
conditions may be relatively limited, which may cause it to incur
losses. 
 The Company may experience a
decline in the fair market value of its assets. 
     
 A decline in the fair market value of the Company's assets and the assets
which it intends to originate or acquire may require the Company to recognize an
"other-than-temporary" impairment against such assets under U.S. GAAP, if the
Company were to determine that, with respect to any debt security in unrealized
loss positions, the Company does not have the ability and intent to hold such
assets to maturity or for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery to
the amortized cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, the
Company would recognize realized losses through earnings and write down the
amortized cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair market
value of such assets on the date they are considered to be
other-than-temporarily impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses
at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could
further affect the Company's future losses or gains, as they are based on the
difference between the sale price received and the adjusted amortized cost of
such assets at the time of sale. In addition, the Company  has elected the fair value option for its residential mortgage
loans and RMBS and future mortgage related assets may also be carried at fair
value. Accordingly, declines in the fair value of these assets will also be
recognized as unrealized losses through earnings and will adversely impact the
results of its operations for the period in which such change in value
occurs. 
 - 34 - 
 

 
 Many of the assets in the
Company's portfolio will be recorded at fair value and, as a result, there will
be uncertainty as to the value of these assets. 
       Many of the
assets in the Company's portfolio are and will likely be in the form of assets
that are not publicly traded. The fair value of residential mortgage loans, RMBS
and other mortgage-related assets that are not publicly traded may not be
readily determinable. The Company values these assets quarterly at fair value,
as determined in accordance with applicable accounting standards, which may
include unobservable inputs. Because such valuations are subjective, the fair
value of certain of the Company's assets may fluctuate over short periods of
time and the Company's determinations of fair value may differ materially from
the values that would have been used if a ready market for these assets existed.
The value of the Company's common stock could be adversely affected if its
determinations regarding the fair value of these assets were materially higher
than the values that the Company ultimately realizes upon their
disposal. 
 Prepayment rates may adversely
affect the value of the Company's portfolio of assets. 
     
 There are seldom any restrictions on borrowers' abilities to prepay their
residential mortgage loans. Declines in interest rates may cause an increase in
prepayment rates of mortgage loans. In addition, both HARP and QE3 may also
cause an increase in prepayment rates. The Company generally receives
distributions from principal payments that are made on these underlying mortgage
loans. When borrowers prepay their mortgage loans faster than expected, this
results in prepayments that are faster than expected on the RMBS. Faster than
expected prepayments could adversely affect the Company's profitability,
including in the following ways: 
 The Company may purchase residential mortgage
  loans and RMBS that have a higher interest rate than the market interest rate
  at the time. In exchange for this higher interest rate, the Company may pay a
  premium over the par value to acquire the asset. In accordance with U.S. GAAP,
  the Company may amortize this premium over the estimated term of the
  residential mortgage loans or RMBS. If the asset is prepaid in whole or in
  part prior to its maturity date, however, the Company may be required to
  expense the premium that was prepaid at the time of the
  prepayment.   
   The Company also may acquire residential mortgage
  loans and RMBS at a lower interest rate than the market interest rate at the
  time. This would adversely affect the Company's profitability.
  Slower-than-expected prepayments may also adversely affect the fair market
  value of discounted residential mortgage loans and RMBS.   
   The Company anticipates that a substantial portion
  of its ARMs and adjustable-rate RMBS may bear interest rates that are lower
  than their fully indexed rates, which are equivalent to the applicable index
  rate plus a margin. If an ARM or adjustable-rate RMBS is prepaid prior to or
  soon after the time of adjustment to a fully-indexed rate, the Company will
  have held that ARM or RMBS while it was least profitable and lost the
  opportunity to receive interest at the fully indexed rate over the remainder
  of its expected life.   
   If the Company is unable to originate or acquire
  new residential mortgage loans or RMBS similar to the prepaid assets, the
  Company's financial condition, results of operation and cash flow would
  suffer. Prepayment rates generally increase when interest rates fall and
  decrease when interest rates rise, but changes in prepayment rates are
  difficult to predict. Prepayment rates also may be affected by conditions in
  the housing and financial markets, general economic conditions, the relative
  interest rates on fixed-rate mortgages and ARMs, the credit rating of the
  borrower, the rate of home price appreciation or depreciation, and
  foreclosures and lender competition. 
     
 While the Company will seek to minimize prepayment risk to the extent
practical, in selecting assets it must balance prepayment risk against other
risks and the potential returns of each asset. No strategy can completely
insulate the Company from prepayment risk. 
 - 35 - 
 

 
 Recent market conditions may
upset the historical relationship between interest rate changes and prepayment
trends, which would make it more difficult for the Company to analyze its
portfolio of assets. The Company is vulnerable to loss from prepayments if it
purchases assets above par, especially in the event of additional mortgage loan
modification and refinance programs or similar future legislative
action. 
       The Company's
success depends in part on its ability to analyze the relationship of changing
interest rates on prepayments of mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates and
prepayments affect the market price of the residential mortgage loans and RMBS
that the Company intends to originate or purchase and any residential mortgage
loans and RMBS that the Company holds at a given time. As part of the Company's
overall portfolio risk management, the Company will analyze interest rate
changes and prepayment trends separately and collectively to assess their
effects on the Company's portfolio of assets. In conducting this analysis, the
Company will depend on certain assumptions based upon historical trends with
respect to the relationship between interest rates and prepayments under normal
market conditions. If dislocations in the residential mortgage market or other
developments change the way that prepayment trends have historically responded
to interest rate changes, the Company's ability to (i) assess the fair market
value of its portfolio of assets, (ii) implement its hedging strategies and
(iii) implement techniques to reduce its prepayment rate volatility would be
significantly affected, which could materially adversely affect the Company's
financial position and consolidated results of operations. In particular,
despite the historically low interest rates, recent dislocations, including home
price depreciation resulting in many borrowers owing more on their mortgage than
the values of their homes, have prevented many such borrowers from refinancing
their mortgage loans, which has impacted prepayment rates and the value of
residential mortgage loans and RMBS assets. However, mortgage loan modification
and refinance programs or future legislative action may make refinancing
mortgage loans more accessible or attractive to such borrowers, which could
cause the rate of prepayments on residential mortgage loans and RMBS assets to
accelerate. For residential mortgage loans and RMBS assets, including some of
the Company's RMBS assets, that were purchased or are trading at premium to
their par value, higher prepayment rates would adversely affect the value of
such assets or cause the holder to incur losses with respect to such
assets. 
 Risks Related to Owning The
Company's Common Stock 
 Common stock and preferred stock
eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on the Company's share price.
 
     
 Subject to applicable law, the Company's board of directors has the
authority, without further stockholder approval, to authorize the Company to
issue additional authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock on the
terms and for the consideration it deems appropriate, including shares of common
stock issuable upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. The Company
cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of its common stock, or the
availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of its common
stock. As of March 10, 2014, the Company had 8,897,800 shares of common stock
outstanding which are comprised of (i) 7,970,886 shares of common stock, and
(ii) 926,914 Operating Partnership units ("OP units"), which are exchangeable,
on a one-for-one basis, into cash or, at the Company's option, for shares of the
Company's common stock. In addition, the Exchangeable Senior Notes are
exchangeable for shares of the Company's common stock or, to the extent
necessary to satisfy NYSE listing requirements, cash, at an exchange rate of
54.3103 shares of common stock for each $1,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes, subject to adjustment and other limitations under
certain circumstances. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources"
of this annual report on Form 10-K, for a discussion of the terms of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes. The market price of the Company's common stock may
also decline significantly when a registration statement is filed pursuant to a
registration rights agreement in respect of shares of its common stock issuable
upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. Sales of substantial amounts of
common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect
the prevailing market price for the Company's common stock. 

 - 36 - 
 

 
 For as long as the Company is an
emerging growth company, the Company will not be required to comply with certain
reporting requirements, including those relating to accounting standards and
disclosure about the Company's executive compensation, that apply to other
public companies. 
     
 Upon the completion of its IPO, the Company became subject to reporting
and other obligations under the Exchange Act. In April 2012, the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act (the "JOBS Act") was enacted into law. The JOBS Act
contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting
requirements for "emerging growth companies," including certain requirements relating to accounting
standards and compensation disclosure. The Company is an "emerging growth
company" as defined in the JOBS Act and may remain an emerging growth company
for up to five full fiscal years. Unlike public companies that are not "emerging
growth companies," for as long as the Company is an emerging growth company, the
Company will not be required to (i) provide an auditor's attestation report on internal
control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"), (ii) comply with any new requirements
adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB") requiring
mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report in which
the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit
and the financial statements of the issuer, (iii) comply with any new audit
rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012 unless the SEC determines
otherwise, (iv) provide certain disclosure regarding executive compensation
required of larger public companies or (v) hold shareholder advisory votes on
executive compensation. The Company cannot predict if investors will find its
shares of common stock less attractive if the Company chooses to rely on these
exemptions. 
 Future offerings of debt or
equity securities or notes exchangeable for shares of common stock, which may
rank senior to the Company's common stock, may adversely affect the market price
of the Company's common stock. 
     
 If the Company issues debt securities, including issuances of notes by
the Operating Partnership which are exchangeable for shares of common stock of
the Company, which rank senior to the Company's common stock, it is likely that
they will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants
restricting the Company's operating flexibility. Additionally, any equity
securities or convertible or exchangeable securities that the Company issues in
the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those
of the Company's common stock and may result in dilution to owners of the
Company's common stock. The Company and, indirectly, the Company's stockholders,
will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because the
Company's decision to issue debt, exchangeable notes or equity securities in any
future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond the
Company's control, the Company cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or
nature of the Company's future offerings. Thus, holders of the Company's common
stock will bear the risk of the Company's future offerings, reducing the market
price of the Company's common stock and diluting the value of their stock
holdings in the Company. 
 The Company has not established a
minimum distribution payment level and the Company cannot assure stockholders of
its ability to pay distributions in the future. 
     
 The Company's current policy is to pay distributions which will allow the
Company to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT and generally not be
subject to U.S. federal income tax on its undistributed income. The Company has
not, however, established a minimum distribution payment level and the Company's
ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors,
including the risk factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. All
distributions will be made at the discretion of the Company's board of directors
and will depend on the Company's earnings, its financial condition, any debt
covenants, maintenance of the Company's REIT qualification, restrictions on
making distributions under Maryland law and other factors as the Company's board
of directors may deem relevant from time to time. The Company may not be able to
make distributions in the future and the Company's board of directors may change
the Company's distribution policy in the future. The Company believes that a
change in any one of the following factors, among others, could adversely affect
its consolidated results of operations and impair the Company's ability to pay
distributions to its stockholders: 
 the profitability of the assets the Company holds,
  originates or acquires;   
   the Company's ability to make profitable
  acquisitions;   
   margin calls or other expenses that reduce the
  Company's cash flow;   
   defaults in the Company's asset portfolio or
  decreases in the value of the Company's portfolio; and   
   the fact that anticipated operating expense levels
  may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from
estimates. 
 - 37 - 
 
 
 
       The Company
cannot provide any assurance that it will achieve results that will allow it to
make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash
distributions in the future. In addition, some of the Company's distributions
may include a return of capital.  
 Risks Related to The Company's
Organization and Structure  
 Conflicts of interest could arise
as a result of the Company's UpREIT structure.  
     
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the
relationships between the Company and its affiliates, on the one hand, and the
Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. The Company's
directors and officers have duties to the Company under applicable Maryland law
in connection with their management of the Company. At the same time, the
Company, through the Operating Partnership subsidiary, has fiduciary duties, as
a general partner, to the Operating Partnership and to the limited partners
under Delaware law in connection with the management of the Operating
Partnership. The Company's duties, through the Operating Partnership subsidiary,
as a general partner to the Operating Partnership and its partners may come into
conflict with the duties of the Company's directors and officers.  
 Certain provisions of Maryland
law could inhibit changes in control and prevent the Company's stockholders from
realizing a premium over the then-prevailing market price of the Company's
common stock.  
     
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law ("MGCL") may
have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire the
Company or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise
could provide the holders of shares of the Company's common stock with the
opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such
shares.  
     
 The Company is subject to the "business combination" provisions of the
MGCL that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations
(including, generally, a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in
circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or
reclassification of equity securities) between the Company and an "interested
stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more
of the voting power of the Company's outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or
associate of the Company who, at any time within the two-year period immediately
prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the
voting power of the Company's outstanding stock) or an affiliate thereof for
five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an
interested stockholder. After the five-year prohibition, any business
combination between the Company and an interested stockholder generally must be
recommended by the Company's board of directors and approved by the affirmative
vote of at least (i) eighty percent of the votes entitled to be cast by holders
of outstanding shares of the Company's voting stock; and (ii) two-thirds of the
votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other
than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate
the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate
of the interested stockholder. These super-majority vote requirements do not
apply if the Company's common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined
under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration
in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its
shares. These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business
combinations that are approved or exempted by a board of directors prior to the
time that the stockholder would otherwise have become an interested stockholder.
Pursuant to the statute, the Company's board of directors will by resolution
exempt business combinations (i) between the Company and ZAIS or its affiliates
and (ii) between the Company and any person, provided that such business
combination is first approved by the Company's board of directors (including a
majority of the Company's directors who are not affiliates or associates of such
person). Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote
requirements will not apply to business combinations between the Company and any
of them. As a result, any person described above may be able to enter into
business combinations with the Company that may not be in the best interest of
the Company's stockholders, without compliance with the super-majority vote
requirements and the other provisions of the statute.  
     
 The "control share" provisions of the MGCL provide that a holder of
"control shares" of a Maryland corporation (defined as voting shares of stock
which, when aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the stockholder
or in respect of which the stockholder is able to exercise or direct the
exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would
entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting
power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined
as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership of or the power to direct the
exercise of voting power with respect to "control shares," subject to certain
exceptions) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the Company's
stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes
entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the
acquirer of control shares, the Company's officers and employees who are also
the Company's directors. The Company's bylaws contain a provision exempting from
the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of
shares of the Company's stock. There can be no assurance that this provision
will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future.  
 - 38 - 
 

 
 The Company's ability to issue
additional shares of common and preferred stock may prevent a change in the
Company's control.  
       The Company's
charter authorizes it to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of
common or preferred stock. In addition, the Company's board of directors may,
without stockholder approval, amend the Company's charter to increase or
decrease the aggregate number of shares of the Company's stock or the number of
shares of stock of any class or series that the Company has the authority to
issue. As a result, the Company's board may establish a series of shares of
common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change
in control that might involve a premium price for shares of the Company's common
stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the Company's stockholders.
 
 The Company's rights and the
Company's stockholders' rights to take action against the Company's directors
and officers are limited, which could limit the Company's stockholders' recourse
in the event of actions not in the Company's stockholders' best interests.
 
       As permitted by Maryland law, the
Company's charter limits the liability of its directors and officers to the
Company and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting
from:  
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in
  money, property or services; or    
   a final judgment based upon a finding of active
  and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the
  cause of action adjudicated.   
       In addition, the Company's charter
authorizes it, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to obligate the
Company to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual
who, while a director or officer of the Company and at its request, serves or
has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability
company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager from and
against any claim or liability to which that individual may become subject or
which that individual may incur by reason of his or her service in any of the
foregoing capacities and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in
advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The Company's bylaws obligate it,
to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify any present or
former director or officer or any individual who, while a director or officer of
the Company and at its request, serves or has served another corporation, real
estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer,
partner, trustee, member or manager and who is made or threatened to be made a
party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from
and against any claim or liability to which that individual may become subject
or which that individual may incur by reason of his or her service in any of the
foregoing capacities and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in
advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The Company's charter and bylaws
also permit it to indemnify and advance expenses to any individual who served a
predecessor of the Company in any of the capacities described above and any
employee or agent of the Company or a predecessor of the Company.  

 The Company's amended and restated bylaws designates the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for some litigation, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 


       On March 11, 2014, the board of directors of the Company approved an amendment to its bylaws which, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, makes the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or to the stockholders of the Company, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Company's charter or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of the Company's capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions described above. This forum selection provision may limit the ability of stockholders of the Company to obtain a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers, employees, if any, or other stockholders. 



 Maintenance of the Company's 1940
Act exemption imposes limits on the Company's operations.
 
       The Company conducts, and intends to
continue to conduct, its operations so as not to become regulated as an
investment company under the 1940 Act. Because the Company is a holding company
and conducts its businesses primarily through wholly-owned or majority-owned
subsidiaries, the securities issued by these subsidiaries that are excepted from
the definition of "investment company" under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7)
of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities the Company may
own, may not have a combined value in excess of 40% of the value of the
Company's total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items)
on an unconsolidated basis, which the Company refers to as the 40% test. This
requirement limits the types of businesses in which the Company may engage
through its subsidiaries.  
 - 39 - 
 

 
       The
determination of whether an entity is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
is made by the Company. The 1940 Act defines a majority-owned subsidiary of a
person as a company 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of which
are owned by such person, or by another company which is a majority-owned
subsidiary of such person. The 1940 Act further defines voting securities as any
security presently entitling the owner or holder thereof to vote for the
election of directors of a company. The Company treats companies in which it
owns at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities as majority-owned
subsidiaries for purposes of the 40% test. The Company has not requested the
SEC, or its staff, to approve the Company's treatment of any company as a
majority-owned subsidiary and neither the SEC nor its staff has done so. If the
SEC, or its staff, were to disagree with the Company's treatment of one of more
companies as majority-owned subsidiaries, the Company would need to adjust its
strategy and its assets in order to continue to pass the 40% test. Any such
adjustment in the Company's strategy could have a material adverse effect on it.
 
     
 The Company believes that certain of its subsidiaries qualify to be
excluded from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant
to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities
"primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring
mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate." This exception
generally requires that at least 55% of such subsidiaries' assets must be
comprised of qualifying assets and at least 80% of their total assets must be
comprised of qualifying assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940
Act. The Company will treat as qualifying assets for this purpose mortgage
loans, Agency RMBS in which it holds all the certificates issued by the pool and
other interests in real estate, in each case meeting certain other
qualifications based upon SEC staff no-action letters. Although SEC staff
no-action letters have not specifically addressed the categorization of these
types of assets, the Company will also treat as qualifying assets for this
purpose bridge loans wholly secured by first priority liens on real estate that
provide interim financing to borrowers seeking short-term capital (with terms of
generally up to three years), non-Agency RMBS representing ownership of an
entire pool of mortgage loans, and real estate owned properties. The Company
expects each of its subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to treat as real
estate-related assets other types of RMBS, CMBS, securities of REITs and other
real estate-related assets. The Company expects each of its subsidiaries relying
on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC, or its staff, or
on the Company's analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of
assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real
estate-related assets. However, neither the SEC nor its staff has published
guidance with respect to the treatment of some of these assets under Section
3(c)(5)(C). To the extent that the SEC, or its staff, publishes new or different
guidance with respect to these matters, the Company may be required to adjust
its strategy accordingly. Although the Company intends to monitor its portfolio
periodically and prior to each investment acquisition, there can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to maintain an exclusion for these subsidiaries.
In addition, the Company may be limited in its ability to make certain
investments and these limitations could result in the subsidiary holding assets
the Company might wish to sell or selling assets it might wish to hold.
 
     
 In 2011, the SEC solicited public comment on a wide range of issues
relating to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, including the nature of the
assets that qualify for purposes of the exclusion and whether mortgage REITs
should be regulated in a manner similar to registered investment companies.
There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations or the interpretation of
such laws or regulations by the SEC or its staff, will not change in a manner
that adversely affects the Company's operations. If the Company or its
subsidiaries fail to maintain an exception or exclusion from the 1940 Act, the
Company could, among other things, be required either to (i) change the manner
in which it conducts its operations to avoid being required to register as an
investment company, (ii) effect sales of its assets in a manner that, or at a
time when, it would not otherwise choose to do so, or (iii) register as an
investment company, any of which would negatively affect the value of its shares
of common stock, the sustainability of its business model, and its ability to
make distributions, which would have an adverse effect on its business and the
value of its shares of common stock.  
     
 Qualification for exemption from registration under the 1940 Act will
limit the Company's ability to make certain investments. For example, these
restrictions will limit the ability of the Company's subsidiaries to invest
directly in MBS that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of
mortgage loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations and ABS, and real
estate companies or in assets not related to real estate.  
 - 40 - 
 

 
       Certain of the
Company's subsidiaries may rely on the exclusion from the definition of
investment company provided by Section 3(c)(6) to the extent that they hold
mortgage assets through majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on Section
3(c)(5)(C). The SEC has issued little interpretive guidance with respect to
Section 3(c)(6) and any guidance published by the staff could require the
Company to adjust its strategy accordingly.  
     
 No assurance can be given that the SEC, or its staff, will concur with
the Company's classification of the Company's or the Company's subsidiaries'
assets or that the SEC, or its staff, will not, in the future, issue further
guidance that may require it to reclassify those assets for purposes of
qualifying for an exception to the definition of investment company or an
exclusion from regulation under the 1940 Act. To the extent that the SEC, or its
staff, provides more specific guidance regarding any of the matters bearing upon
the definition of investment company and the exceptions to that definition, the
Company may be required to adjust its investment strategy accordingly.
Additional guidance from the SEC, or its staff, could provide additional
flexibility to the Company, or it could further inhibit the Company's ability to
pursue the investment strategy it has chosen. If the SEC or its staff takes a
position contrary to the Company's analysis with respect to the characterization
of any of the assets or securities the Company invests in, the Company may be
deemed an unregistered investment company. Therefore, in order not to be
required to register as an investment company, the Company may need to dispose
of a significant portion of its assets or securities or originate or acquire
significant other additional assets which may have lower returns than its
expected portfolio, or the Company may need to modify its business to register
as an investment company, which would result in significantly increased
operating expenses and would likely entail significantly reducing the Company's
indebtedness, which could also require the Company to sell a significant portion
of its assets. The Company cannot provide assurance that it would be able to
complete these dispositions or acquisitions of assets, or deleveraging, on
favorable terms, or at all. Consequently, any modification of its business plan
could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Further, if the SEC
determined that the Company were an unregistered investment company, the Company
would be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief in an action
brought by the SEC, the Company would potentially be unable to enforce contracts
with third parties and third parties could seek to obtain rescission of
transactions undertaken during the period for which it was established that the
Company was an unregistered investment company. Any of these results would have
a material adverse effect on the Company.  
     
 Since the Company will not be registered as an investment company under
the 1940 Act, the Company will not be subject to its substantive provisions,
including provisions requiring diversification of investments, limiting leverage
and restricting investments in illiquid assets.  
 Rapid changes in the values of
the Company's target assets may make it more difficult for the Company to
maintain its qualification as a REIT or the Company's exemption from the 1940
Act.  
     
 If the fair market value or income potential of the Company's target
assets declines as a result of increased interest rates, prepayment rates,
general market conditions, government actions or other factors, the Company may
need to increase its real estate assets and income or liquidate its
non-qualifying assets to maintain its REIT qualification or its exemption from
the 1940 Act. If the decline in real estate asset values or income occurs
quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. The Company may have to
make decisions that it otherwise would not make absent the REIT and 1940 Act
considerations.  
 Tax Risks  
 The Company's taxable income is
calculated differently than net income based on U.S. GAAP. 
     
 The Company's taxable income may substantially differ from its net income
based on U.S. GAAP. For example, interest income on the Company's mortgage loans
and other mortgage related assets does not necessarily accrue under an identical
schedule for U.S. federal income tax purposes as for accounting purposes.
 
     
 For U.S. GAAP purposes, interest income on the Company's mortgage related
securities is accrued based on the actual coupon rate and the outstanding
principal amount of the underlying mortgages. Premiums and discounts are
amortized or accreted into interest income over the estimated lives of the
securities using the effective yield method adjusted for the effects of
estimated prepayments. Adjustments are made using the retrospective method to
the effective interest computation each reporting period based on the actual
prepayment experiences to date, and the present expectation of future
prepayments of the underlying mortgages. If the Company's estimate of
prepayments is incorrect, the Company is required to make an adjustment to the
amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts that would have an impact on
future income.  
 - 41 - 
 

 
       Management
will estimate, at the time of purchase, the future expected cash flows and
determine the effective interest rate based on these estimated cash flows and
the Company's purchase price. As needed, these estimated cash flows will be
updated and a revised yield computed based on the current amortized cost of the
investment. In estimating these cash flows, the Company will have to make
assumptions regarding the rate and timing of principal payments and coupon
rates. These uncertainties and contingencies are difficult to predict and are
subject to future events that may impact management's estimates and the
Company's interest income.  
     
 In particular, interest income on mortgage related securities that were
purchased at a discount to par value will be recognized based on the security's
effective interest rate. The effective interest rate on these securities will be
based on the projected cash flows from each security, which will be estimated
based on the Company's observation of current information and events and include
assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and the timing and
amount of credit losses. Based on the projected cash flows from the Company's
mortgage related securities purchased at a discount to par value, a portion of
the purchase discount may be designated as credit protection against future
credit losses and, therefore, may not be accreted into interest income. The
amount designated as credit discount may be adjusted over time, based on the
actual performance of the security, its underlying collateral, actual and
projected cash flow from such collateral, economic conditions and other factors.
If the performance of a security with a credit discount is more favorable than
forecasted, a portion of the amount designated as credit discount may be
accreted into interest income over time. Conversely, if the performance of a
security with a credit discount is less favorable than forecasted, additional
amounts of the purchase discount may be designated as credit discount, or
impairment charges and write-downs of such securities to a new cost basis could
result.  
     
 When the Company purchases mortgage loans that have shown evidence of
credit deterioration since origination and management determines that it is
probable the Company will not collect all contractual cash flows on those
assets, the Company will apply the guidance that addresses accounting for
differences between contractual cash flows and cash flows expected to be
collected if those differences are attributable to, at least in part, credit
quality. Interest income will be recognized on a level-yield basis over the life
of the loan as long as cash flows can be reasonably estimated. The level-yield
is determined by the excess of the Company's initial estimate of undiscounted
expected principal, interest, and other cash flows (cash flows expected at
acquisition to be collected) over the Company's initial investment in the
mortgage loan (accretable yield). The amount of interest income to be recognized
cannot result in a carrying amount that exceeds the payoff amount of the loan.
The excess of contractual cash flows over cash flows expected to be collected
(nonaccretable difference) will not be recognized as an adjustment of yield.
 
     
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, if a debt instrument pays interest
currently, the Company is generally required to treat all such interest as
interest income. In addition, if the Company acquires mortgage loans, RMBS or
other debt instruments at a discount in the secondary market, the discount at
which such debt instruments are acquired will generally be treated as "market
discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes and will accrue over the term of
the debt instrument. Accrued market discount is reported as income when, and to
the extent that, the Company receives any payment of principal on the debt
instrument, unless the Company elects to include accrued market discount in
incomes as it accrues. As a result, the Company will be required to treat
principal payments on such a debt instrument as ordinary income for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent of any accrued market discount regardless of
the Company's expected return on its investment in the debt instrument. In
particular, payments on residential mortgage loans are ordinarily made monthly,
and consequently accrued market discount may have to be included in income each
month as if the debt instrument were assured of ultimately being collected in
full. Similarly, if the Company acquires a debt instrument that is issued with
original issue discount ("OID"), the Company will generally be required to
accrue such OID regardless of whether the Company expects to receive the full
face amount of the debt instrument on its maturity. If the Company collects less
on a debt instrument than the Company's purchase price plus any market discount
it had previously reported as income, the Company may not be able to benefit
from any offsetting loss deductions in subsequent years. In certain cases, the
Company may be able to cease accruing interest income with respect to a debt
instrument, to the extent there is reasonable doubt as to the Company's ability
to collect such interest income. However, if the Company recognizes insufficient
interest income with respect to certain debt instruments that the Company
acquires, and the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") were to successfully assert
that the Company did not accrue the appropriate amount of income with respect to
such a debt instrument in a given taxable year, the Company may be required to
increase its taxable income with respect to such year, which could cause it to
be required to pay a deficiency dividend or a tax on undistributed income, or
fail to qualify as a REIT.  
 - 42 - 
 

 
 Investment in the Company's
common stock has various tax risks.  
       This summary
of certain tax risks is limited to the U.S. federal income tax risks addressed
below. Additional risks or issues may exist that are not addressed in this
annual report on Form 10-K and that could affect the U.S. federal income tax
treatment of the Company, the Operating Partnership or the Company's
stockholders.  
 The Company's failure to qualify
as a REIT would subject it to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and
local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to
the Company's stockholders.  
     
 The Company is organized, operates (commencing with the Company's taxable
year ended December 31, 2011), and intends to continue to be organized and to
operate, in a manner that will allow it to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. The Company has not requested and does not intend to
request a ruling from the IRS that the Company qualifies as a REIT. The U.S.
federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex, and judicial and
administrative interpretations of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing
REIT qualification are limited. The complexity of these provisions and of
applicable regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury
("Treasury Regulations") is greater in the case of a REIT that, like the
Company, holds its assets through a partnership. To qualify as a REIT, the
Company must meet, on an ongoing basis, various tests regarding the nature of
its assets and its income, the ownership of its outstanding shares, and the
amount of its distributions. The Company's ability to satisfy the asset tests
depends on its analysis of the characterization and fair market values of its
assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for
which the Company may not obtain independent appraisals. Moreover, new
legislation, court decisions or administrative guidance, in each case possibly
with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for the
Company to qualify as a REIT. In addition, the Company's ability to satisfy the
requirements to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third
parties over which the Company has no control or only limited influence,
including in cases where the Company owns an equity interest in an entity that
is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, while
the Company believes that it has operated and intends to continue to operate so
that the Company will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the
rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the
possibility of future changes in the Company's circumstances, no assurance can
be given that the Company has qualified or will so qualify for any particular
year. These considerations also might restrict the types of assets that the
Company can acquire in the future.  
     
 If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and does
not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, the Company would be
required to pay U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income, and distributions
to its stockholders would not be deductible by the Company in determining its
taxable income. In such a case, the Company might need to borrow money or sell
assets in order to pay the Company's taxes. The Company's payment of income tax
would decrease the amount of its income available for distribution to its
stockholders. Furthermore, if the Company fails to maintain its qualification as
a REIT, the Company no longer would be required to distribute substantially all
of its net taxable income to its stockholders. In addition, unless the Company
were eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, the Company could not
re-elect to qualify as a REIT until the fifth calendar year following the year
in which it failed to qualify.  
 Complying with REIT requirements
may force the Company to liquidate or forego otherwise attractive investments,
which could reduce returns on the Company's assets and adversely affect returns
to the Company's stockholders.  
     
 To qualify as a REIT, the Company generally must ensure that at the end
of each calendar quarter at least 75% of the value of its total assets consists
of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate
assets, including certain mortgage loans and RMBS. The remainder of the
Company's investment in securities (other than government securities and
qualifying real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10% of the
outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total
value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general,
no more than 5% of the value of the Company's assets (other than government
securities and qualifying real estate assets) can consist of the securities of
any one issuer, and no more than 25% of the value of the Company's total
securities can be represented by stock and securities of one or more TRSs. If
the Company fails to comply with these requirements at the end of any quarter,
the Company must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of such
calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid
losing its REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a
result, the Company may be required to liquidate from its portfolio otherwise
attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing the
Company's income and amounts available for distribution to its stockholders. In
addition, if the Company is compelled to liquidate its investments to repay
obligations to its lenders, the Company may be unable to comply with these
requirements, ultimately jeopardizing its qualification as a REIT. Furthermore,
the Company may be required to make distributions to stockholders at
disadvantageous times or when it does not have funds readily available for
distribution, and may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise
advantageous to the Company in order to satisfy the source of income or asset
diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT.  
 - 43 - 
 

 
 Distributions from the Company or
gain on the sale of its common stock may be treated as unrelated business
taxable income ("UBTI") to U.S. tax exempt holders of common stock.
 
       If (i) all or
a portion of the Company's assets are subject to the rules relating to taxable
mortgage pools, (ii) a tax exempt U.S. person has incurred debt to purchase or
hold the Company's common stock, (iii) the Company purchases residual real
estate mortgage investment conduit ("REMIC") interests that generate "excess
inclusion income," or (iv) the Company is a "pension held REIT," then a portion
of the distributions with respect to its common stock and, in the case of a U.S.
person described in (ii), gains realized on the sale of such common stock by
such U.S. person, may be subject to U.S. federal income tax as UBTI under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code").
 
 The Company may lose its REIT
qualification or be subject to a penalty tax if it earns and the IRS
successfully challenges the Company's characterization of income from foreign
TRSs or other non-U.S. corporations in which the Company holds an equity
interest.  
     
 The Company may make investments in non-U.S. corporations some of which
may, together with the Company, make a TRS election. The Company likely will be
required to include in its income, even without the receipt of actual
distributions, earnings from any such foreign TRSs or other non-U.S.
corporations in which the Company holds an equity interest. Income inclusions
from equity investments in certain foreign corporations are technically neither
dividends nor any of the other enumerated categories of income specified in the
95% gross income test for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, in recent
private letter rulings, the IRS exercised its authority under Internal Revenue
Code section 856(c)(5)(J)(ii) to treat such income as qualifying income for
purposes of the 95% gross income test notwithstanding the fact that the income
is not included in the enumerated categories of income qualifying for the 95%
gross income test. A private letter ruling may be relied upon only by the
taxpayer to whom it is issued, and the IRS may revoke a private letter ruling.
Consistent with the position adopted by the IRS in those private letter rulings
and based on advice of counsel concerning the classification of such income
inclusions for purposes of the REIT income tests, the Company intends to treat
such income inclusions that meet certain requirements as qualifying income for
purposes of the 95% gross income test. Notwithstanding the IRS's determination
in the private letter ruling described above, it is possible that the IRS could
successfully assert that such income does not qualify for purposes of the 95%
gross income test, which, if such income together with other income the Company
earns that does not qualify for the 95% gross income test exceeded 5% of the
Company's gross income, could cause the Company to be subject to a penalty tax
and could impact the Company's ability to qualify as a REIT.  
 The REIT distribution
requirements could adversely affect the Company's ability to execute its
business plan and may require it to incur debt, sell assets or take other
actions to make such distributions.  
     
 To qualify as a REIT, the Company must distribute to its stockholders
each calendar year at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (including certain
items of non-cash income), determined without regard to the deduction for
dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. To the extent that the Company
satisfies the 90% distribution requirement, but distributes less than 100% of
its taxable income, the Company will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income
tax on its undistributed income. In addition, the Company will incur a 4%
nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which the Company's
distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified
under U.S. federal income tax laws. The Company's current policy is to pay
distributions which will allow the Company to satisfy the requirements to
qualify as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its
undistributed income.  
 - 44 - 
 

 
       The Company's
taxable income may substantially exceed its net income as determined based on
U.S. GAAP, or differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income
and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, it is likely that the
Company will acquire assets, including RMBS requiring it to accrue OID or
recognize market discount income, that generate taxable income in excess of
economic income or in advance of the corresponding cash flow from the assets
referred to as "phantom income." Finally, the Company may be required under the
terms of the indebtedness that it incurs to use cash received from interest
payments to make principal payments on that indebtedness, with the effect that
the Company will recognize income but will not have a corresponding amount of
cash available for distribution to its stockholders.  
     
 As a result of the foregoing, the Company may generate less cash flow
than taxable income in a particular year and find it difficult or impossible to
meet the REIT distribution requirements in certain circumstances. In such
circumstances, the Company may be required to (i) sell assets in adverse market
conditions, (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms, (iii) distribute amounts that
would otherwise be used for future investment or used to repay debt, or (iv)
make a taxable distribution of shares of common stock as part of a distribution
in which stockholders may elect to receive shares of common stock or (subject to
a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, in order to
comply with the REIT distribution requirements. Thus, compliance with the REIT
distribution requirements may hinder the Company's ability to grow, which could
adversely affect the value of its common stock.  
 The Company may be required to
report taxable income with respect to certain of the Company's investments in
excess of the economic income the Company ultimately realizes from them.
 
     
 The Company may acquire mortgage loans, RMBS or other debt instruments in
the secondary market for less than their face amount. The discount at which such
securities are acquired may reflect doubts about their ultimate collectability
rather than current market interest rates. The amount of such discount will
nevertheless generally be treated as "market discount" for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Market discount accrues on the basis of the constant yield to
maturity of the debt instrument based generally on the assumption that all
future payments on the debt instrument will be made. Accrued market discount is
reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the
debt instrument is made. In particular, payments on residential mortgage loans
are ordinarily made monthly, and consequently accrued market discount may have
to be included in income each month as if the debt instrument were assured of
ultimately being collected in full. If the Company collects less on a debt
instrument than the Company's purchase price plus the market discount the
Company had previously reported as income, the Company may not be able to
benefit from any offsetting loss deduction in a subsequent taxable year. In
addition, the Company may acquire distressed debt investments that are
subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the
outstanding debt are "significant modifications" under applicable Treasury
regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to the
Company at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event,
the Company may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the
principal amount of the modified debt exceeds the Company's adjusted tax basis
in the unmodified debt, even if the value of the debt or the payment
expectations have not changed.  
     
 Similarly, some of the RMBS that the Company purchases will likely have
been issued with OID. The Company will be required to report such OID based on a
constant yield method and income will accrue based on the assumption that all
future projected payments due on such mortgage backed securities will be made.
If such mortgage backed securities turn out not to be fully collectible, an
offsetting loss deduction will become available only in the later year in which
uncollectability is provable. Finally, in the event that any mortgage loans,
RMBS or other debt instruments acquired by the Company are delinquent as to
mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event a borrower with
respect to a particular debt instrument acquired by the Company encounters
financial difficulty rendering it unable to pay stated interest as due, the
Company may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest
as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate
collectability. Similarly, the Company may be required to accrue interest income
with respect to subordinate RMBS at their stated rate regardless of whether
corresponding cash payments are received or are ultimately collectible. In each
case, while the Company would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss
deduction available to it when such interest was determined to be uncollectible,
the loss would likely be treated as a capital loss, and the utility of that loss
would therefore depend on the Company's having capital gain in that later year
or thereafter.  
 - 45 - 
 

 
       The Company
may acquire excess MSRs, which means the portion of an MSR that exceeds the
arm's-length fee for services performed by the mortgage servicer. Based on IRS
guidance concerning the classification of MSRs, the Company intends to treat any
excess MSRs the Company acquires as ownership interests in the interest payments
made on the underlying mortgage loans, akin to an "interest only" strip. Under
this treatment, for purposes of determining the amount and timing of taxable
income, each excess MSR is treated as a bond that was issued with OID on the
date the Company acquired such excess MSR. In general, the Company will be
required to accrue OID based on the constant yield to maturity of each excess
MSR, and to treat such OID as taxable income in accordance with the applicable
U.S. federal income tax rules. The constant yield of an excess MSR will be
determined, and the Company will be taxed, based on a prepayment assumption
regarding future payments due on the mortgage loans underlying the excess MSR.
If the mortgage loans underlying an excess MSR prepay at a rate different than
that under the prepayment assumption, the Company's recognition of OID will be
either increased or decreased depending on the circumstances. Thus, in a
particular taxable year, the Company may be required to accrue an amount of
income in respect of an excess MSR that exceeds the amount of cash collected in
respect of that excess MSR. Furthermore, it is possible that, over the life of
the investment in an excess MSR, the total amount the Company pays for, and
accrues with respect to, the excess MSR may exceed the total amount the Company
collects on such excess MSR. No assurance can be given that the Company will be
entitled to a deduction for such excess, meaning that the Company may be
required to recognize phantom income over the life of an excess MSR.  
 The interest apportionment rules
may affect the Company's ability to comply with the REIT asset and gross income
tests.  
     
 The interest apportionment rules under Treasury Regulation Section 1.856-5(c) provide that, if a mortgage is secured by both real property and other
property, a REIT is required to apportion its annual interest income to the real
property security based on a fraction, the numerator of which is the value of
the real property securing the loan, determined when the REIT commits to acquire
the loan, and the denominator of which is the highest "principal amount" of the
loan during the year. IRS Revenue Procedure 2011-16 interprets the "principal
amount" of the loan to be the face amount of the loan, despite the Code's
requirement that taxpayers treat any market discount, which is the difference
between the purchase price of the loan and its face amount, for all purposes
(other than certain withholding and information reporting purposes) as interest
rather than principal.  
     
 The interest apportionment regulations apply only if the mortgage loan in
question is secured by both real property and other property. The Company
expects that all or most of the mortgage loans that the Company acquires will be
secured only by real property and no other property value is taken into account
in the Company's underwriting process. Accordingly, it is not contemplated that
the Company will regularly invest in mortgage loans to which the interest
apportionment rules described above would apply. Nevertheless, if the IRS were
to assert successfully that the Company's mortgage loans were secured by
property other than real estate, that the interest apportionment rules applied
for purposes of the Company's REIT testing, and that the position taken in IRS
Revenue Procedure 2011-16 should be applied to certain mortgage loans in the
Company's portfolio, then depending upon the value of the real property securing
the Company's mortgage loans and their face amount, and the other sources of the
Company's gross income generally, the Company may fail to meet the 75% REIT
gross income test. If the Company does not meet this test, the Company could
potentially lose its REIT qualification or be required to pay a penalty to the
IRS.  
     
 In addition, the Code provides that a regular or a residual interest in a
REMIC is generally treated as a real estate asset for the purposes of the REIT
asset tests, and any amount includible in the Company's gross income with
respect to such an interest is generally treated as interest on an obligation
secured by a mortgage on real property for the purposes of the REIT gross income
tests. If, however, less than 95% of the assets of a REMIC in which the Company
holds an interest consist of real estate assets (determined as if the Company
held such assets), the Company will be treated as holding its proportionate
share of the assets of the REMIC for the purpose of the REIT asset tests and
receiving directly its proportionate share of the income of the REMIC for the
purpose of determining the amount of income from the REMIC that is treated as
interest on an obligation secured by a mortgage on real property. In connection
with the recently expanded HARP program, the IRS recently issued guidance
providing that, among other things, if a REIT holds a regular interest in an
"eligible REMIC," or a residual interest in an "eligible REMIC" that informs the
REIT that at least 80% of the REMIC's assets constitute real estate assets, then
(i) the REIT may treat 80% of the value of the interest in the REMIC as a real
estate asset for the purpose of the REIT asset tests and (ii) the REIT may treat
80% of the gross income received with respect to the interest in the REMIC as
interest on an obligation secured by a mortgage on real property for the purpose
of the 75% REIT gross income test. For this purpose, a REMIC is an "eligible
REMIC" if (i) the REMIC has received a guarantee from Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac
that will allow the REMIC to make any principal and interest payments on its
regular and residual interests and (ii) all of the REMIC's mortgages and
pass-through certificates are secured by interests in single-family dwellings.
If the Company were to acquire an interest in an eligible REMIC less than 95% of
the assets of which constitute real estate assets, the IRS guidance described
above may generally allow the Company to treat 80% of its interest in such a
REMIC as a qualifying real estate asset for the purpose of the REIT asset tests
and 80% of the gross income derived from the interest as qualifying income for
the purpose of the 75% REIT gross income test. Although the portion of the
income from such a REMIC interest that does not qualify for the 75% REIT gross
income test would likely be qualifying income for the purpose of the 95% REIT
gross income test, the remaining 20% of the REMIC interest generally would not
qualify as a real estate asset, which could adversely affect the Company's
ability to satisfy the REIT asset tests. Accordingly, owning such a REMIC
interest could adversely affect the Company's ability to qualify as a
REIT.  
 - 46 - 
 

 
 The Company's ownership of and
relationship with any TRS which the Company may form or acquire will be limited,
and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize the Company's REIT
qualification and the Company's transactions with its TRSs may result in the
application of a 100% excise tax if such transactions are not conducted on
arm's-length terms.  
       A REIT may own
up to 100% of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may earn income that would
not be qualifying income if earned directly by a REIT. Both the subsidiary and
the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. Overall, no more
than 25% of the value of a REIT's assets may consist of stock and securities of
one or more TRSs. A domestic TRS will pay U.S. federal, state and local income
tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the TRS
rules impose a 100% excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its
parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm's-length basis.  
     
 The Company has elected, together with ZAIS I TRS, Inc. ("ZAIS I TRS"),
for ZAIS I TRS to be treated as a TRS, and the Company has elected, together
with ZFC Trust TRS I, LLC ("ZFC Trust TRS") for ZFC Trust TRS to be treated as a
TRS. ZAIS I TRS, ZFC Trust TRS, and any other domestic TRS that the Company may
form would pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on its taxable income,
and its after tax net income would be available for distribution to the Company
but would not be required to be distributed to it by such domestic TRS. The
Company anticipates that the aggregate value of the TRS stock and securities
owned by it will be less than 25% of the value of its total assets (including
the TRS stock and securities). Furthermore, the Company will monitor the value
of its investments in its TRSs to ensure compliance with the rule that no more
than 25% of the value of its assets may consist of TRS stock and securities
(which is applied at the end of each calendar quarter). In addition, the Company
will scrutinize all of the Company's transactions with TRSs to ensure that they
are entered into on arm's-length terms to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax
described above. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will be
able to comply with the TRS limitations or to avoid application of the 100%
excise tax discussed above.  
 The ownership limits that apply
to REITs, as prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code and by the Company's
charter, may inhibit market activity in shares of the Company's common stock and
restrict its business combination opportunities.  
     
 In order for the Company to qualify as a REIT, not more than 50% in value
of its outstanding shares of stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five
or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain
entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year after the first
year for which the Company elects to qualify as a REIT. Additionally, at least
100 persons must beneficially own the Company's stock during at least 335 days
of a taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which the Company
elects to be taxed as a REIT). The Company's charter, with certain exceptions,
authorizes the Company's directors to take such actions as are necessary and
desirable to preserve its qualification as a REIT. The Company's charter also
provides that, unless exempted by the Company's board of directors, no person
may own more than 9.8% in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, of
the outstanding shares of its common stock, or 9.8% in value or in number,
whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of all classes and
series of its capital stock. The Company's board of directors may, in its sole
discretion, subject to such conditions as it may determine and the receipt of
certain representations and undertakings, prospectively or retroactively, waive
the ownership limit or establish a different limit on ownership, or excepted holder
limit, for a particular stockholder if the stockholder's ownership in excess of
the ownership limit would not result in the Company being "closely held" under
Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise failing to qualify as a
REIT. These ownership limits could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in
control of the Company that might involve a premium price for shares of its
common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of its
stockholders. 
 - 47 - 
 
 
 
 Certain financing activities may
subject the Company to U.S. federal income tax and increase the tax liability of
its stockholders. 
       The Company
may enter into transactions that could result in it, the Operating Partnership
or a portion of the Operating Partnership's assets being treated as a "taxable
mortgage pool" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Specifically, the Company
may securitize residential or commercial real estate loans that the Company
originates or acquires and such securitizations, to the extent structured in a
manner other than a REMIC, would likely result in the Company owning interests
in a taxable mortgage pool. The Company would be precluded from holding equity
interests in such a taxable mortgage pool securitization through the Operating
Partnership. Accordingly, the Company would likely enter into such transactions
through a qualified REIT subsidiary of one or more subsidiary REITs formed by
the Operating Partnership, and will be precluded from selling to outside
investors equity interests in such securitizations or from selling any debt
securities issued in connection with such securitizations that might be
considered equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company will be
taxed at the highest U.S. federal corporate income tax rate on any "excess
inclusion income" arising from a taxable mortgage pool that is allocable to the
percentage of the Company's shares held in record name by "disqualified
organizations," which are generally certain cooperatives, governmental entities
and tax-exempt organizations that are exempt from tax on unrelated business
taxable income. To the extent that common stock owned by "disqualified
organizations" is held in record name by a broker/dealer or other nominee, the
broker/dealer or other nominee would be liable for the U.S. federal corporate
income tax on the portion of the Company's excess inclusion income allocable to
the common stock held by the broker/dealer or other nominee on behalf of the
disqualified organizations. Disqualified organizations may own the Company's
stock. Because this tax would be imposed on the Company, all of the Company's
investors, including investors that are not disqualified organizations, will
bear a portion of the tax cost associated with the classification of the Company
or a portion of its assets as a taxable mortgage pool. A regulated investment
company ("RIC") or other pass-through entity owning the Company's common stock
in record name will be subject to tax at the highest corporate tax rate on any
excess inclusion income allocated to their owners that are disqualified
organizations. 
     
 In addition, if the Company realizes excess inclusion income and
allocates it to its stockholders, this income cannot be offset by net operating
losses of its stockholders. If the stockholder is a tax-exempt entity and not a
disqualified organization, then this income is fully taxable as unrelated
business taxable income under Section 512 of the Internal Revenue Code. If the
stockholder is a foreign person, it would be subject to U.S. federal income tax
withholding on this income without reduction or exemption pursuant to any
otherwise applicable income tax treaty. If the stockholder is a REIT, a RIC,
common trust fund or other pass-through entity, the Company's allocable share of
its excess inclusion income could be considered excess inclusion income of such
entity. Accordingly, such investors should be aware that a portion of the
Company's income may be considered excess inclusion income. Finally, if a
subsidiary REIT of the Operating Partnership through which the Company held
taxable mortgage pool securitizations were to fail to qualify as a REIT, the
Company's taxable mortgage pool securitizations will be treated as separate
taxable corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes that could not be
included in any consolidated U.S. federal corporate income tax return and that
could prevent the Company from meeting the REIT asset tests. 
 The tax on prohibited
transactions will limit the Company's ability to engage in transactions,
including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, which would be treated
as prohibited transactions for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. 
     
 Net income that the Company derives from a prohibited transaction is
subject to a 100% tax. The term "prohibited transaction" generally includes a
sale or other disposition of property (including mortgage loans, but other than
foreclosure property, as discussed below) that is held primarily for sale to
customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business by the Company or by a
borrower that has issued a shared appreciation mortgage or similar debt
instrument to the Company. The Company might be subject to this tax if it were
to dispose of or securitize loans, directly or through a subsidiary REIT, in a
manner that was treated as a prohibited transaction for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. The Company intends to conduct its operations so that no asset that
the Company  or a subsidiary REIT owns (or is
treated as owning) will be treated as, or as having been, held for sale to
customers, and that a sale of any such asset will not be treated as having been
in the ordinary course of the Company's business or the business of a subsidiary
REIT. As a result, the Company may choose not to engage in certain sales of
loans at the REIT level, and may limit the structures the Company utilizes for
its securitization transactions, even though the sales or structures might
otherwise be beneficial to the Company. In addition, whether property is held
"primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business"
depends on the particular facts and circumstances. No assurance can be given
that any property that the Company sells will not be treated as property held
for sale to customers, or that the Company can comply with certain safe-harbor
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code that would prevent such treatment. The
100% tax does not apply to gains from the sale of property that is held through
a TRS or other taxable corporation, although such income will be subject to tax
in the hands of the corporation at regular corporate rates. The Company intends
to structure its activities to avoid prohibited transaction characterization.
 
 - 48 - 
 

 
 Characterization of the Company's
repurchase agreements entered into to finance its investments as sales for tax
purposes rather than as secured lending transactions would adversely affect the
Company's ability to qualify as a REIT. 
       The Company
has entered into repurchase agreements with counterparties to achieve its
desired amount of leverage for the assets in which it intends to invest. Under
the Company's repurchase agreements, the Company generally sells assets to its
counterparty to the agreement and receives cash from the counterparty. The
counterparty is obligated to resell the assets back to the Company at the end of
the term of the transaction. The Company believes that for U.S. federal income
tax purposes the Company will be treated as the owner of the assets that are the
subject of repurchase agreements and that the repurchase agreements will be
treated as secured lending transactions notwithstanding that such agreements may
transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of
the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could successfully assert
that the Company did not own these assets during the term of the repurchase
agreements, in which case the Company could fail to qualify as a
REIT. 
 The Company's ability to invest
in TBAs could be limited by the Company's REIT qualification. 
     
 The Company may have exposure to Agency RMBS through TBAs. Pursuant to
these TBAs, the Company agrees to purchase, for future delivery, Agency RMBS
with certain principal and interest terms and certain types of underlying
collateral, but the particular Agency RMBS to be delivered is not identified
until shortly before the TBA settlement date. As with any forward purchase
contract, the value of the underlying Agency RMBS may decrease between the
contract date and the settlement date, which may result in the recognition of
income, gain or loss. The law is unclear regarding whether TBAs are qualifying
assets for the REIT 75% asset test and whether income or gains from the
dispositions of TBAs, through "dollar roll" transactions or otherwise,
constitute qualifying income for purposes of the REIT 75% gross income test.
Accordingly, the Company's ability to purchase Agency RMBS through TBAs or to
dispose of TBAs through these transactions or otherwise, could be limited. The
Company does not expect TBAs to adversely affect its ability to meet the REIT
gross income and assets tests. No assurance can be given that the IRS would
treat TBAs as qualifying assets or treat income and gains from the disposition
of TBAs as qualifying income for these purposes, and therefore, the Company's
ability to invest in such assets could be limited. 
 If the Company were to make a
taxable distribution of shares of the Company's stock, stockholders may be
required to sell such shares or sell other assets owned by them in order to pay
any tax imposed on such distribution. 
     
 The Company may be able to distribute taxable dividends that are payable
in shares of its stock. If the Company were to make such a taxable distribution
of shares of its stock, stockholders would be required to include the full
amount of such distribution as income. As a result, a stockholder may be
required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of cash received.
Accordingly, stockholders receiving a distribution of the Company's shares may
be required to sell shares received in such distribution or may be required to
sell other stock or assets owned by them, at a time that may be disadvantageous,
in order to satisfy any tax imposed on such distribution. If a stockholder sells
the shares it receives as a dividend in order to pay such tax, the sale proceeds
may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend.
Moreover, in the case of a taxable distribution of shares of the Company's stock
with respect to which any withholding tax is imposed on a non-U.S. stockholder,
the Company  may have to withhold or dispose of
part of the shares in such distribution and use such withheld shares or the
proceeds of such disposition to satisfy the withholding tax imposed. 
 - 49 - 
 

 
       While the IRS,
in certain private letter rulings, has ruled that a distribution of cash or
shares at the election of a REIT's stockholders may qualify as a taxable stock
dividend if certain requirements are met, it is unclear whether and to what
extent the Company will be able to pay taxable dividends in cash and shares of
common stock in any future period. 
 Complying with REIT requirements
may limit the Company's ability to hedge effectively. 
     
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit the Company's
ability to hedge its assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income
that the Company generates from transactions intended to hedge its interest rate
and currency risks will generally be excluded from gross income for purposes of
the 75% and 95% gross income tests if (i) the instrument hedges interest rate
risk or foreign currency exposure on liabilities used to carry or acquire real
estate assets or hedges risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item
of income or gain that would be qualifying income under the 75% or 95% gross
income tests, and (ii) such instrument is properly identified under applicable
Treasury Regulations. In addition, any income from other hedges would generally
constitute non-qualifying income for purposes of both the 75% and 95% gross
income tests. As a result of these rules, the Company may have to limit its use
of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those
hedges through a TRS, which could increase the cost of the Company's hedging
activities or result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other
changes than the Company would otherwise incur. 
 Even if the Company qualifies as
a REIT, the Company may face tax liabilities that reduce the Company's cash
flow. 
     
 Even if the Company qualifies as a REIT, the Company may be subject to
certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on its income and assets, including
taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted
as a result of foreclosures, and state or local income, franchise, property and
transfer taxes, including mortgage related taxes. In addition, ZAIS I TRS, ZFC
Trust TRS and any other domestic TRSs the Company owns will be subject to U.S.
federal, state, and local corporate taxes. In order to meet the REIT
qualification requirements, or to avoid the imposition of a 100% tax that
applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from sales of inventory or property
held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, the
Company may hold some of its assets through taxable subsidiary corporations,
including domestic TRSs. Any taxes paid by such subsidiary corporations would
decrease the cash available for distribution to the Company's stockholders.
Furthermore, if the Company acquires appreciated assets from a subchapter C
corporation in a transaction in which the adjusted tax basis of the assets in
the Company's hands is determined by reference to the adjusted tax basis of the
assets in the hands of the C corporation, and if the Company subsequently
disposes of any such assets during the 10-year period following the acquisition
of the assets from the C corporation, the Company will be subject to tax at the
highest corporate tax rates on any gain from such assets to the extent of the
excess of the fair market value of the assets on the date that they were
contributed to the Company over the basis of such assets on such date, which the
Company refers to as built-in gains. A portion of the assets contributed to the
Company in connection with its formation may be subject to the built-in gains
tax. Although the Company expects that the built-in gains tax liability arising
from any such assets should be  de
minimis , there is no assurance that this will
be the case. 
 The Company's qualification as a
REIT and exemption from U.S. federal income tax with respect to certain assets
may be dependent on the accuracy of legal opinions or advice rendered or given
or statements by the issuers of assets that the Company acquires, and the
inaccuracy of any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect the
Company's REIT qualification and result in significant corporate-level
tax. 
     
 When purchasing securities, the Company may rely on opinions or advice of
counsel for the issuer of such securities, or statements made in related
offering documents, for purposes of determining whether such securities
represent debt or equity securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and
also to what extent those securities constitute REIT real estate assets for
purposes of the REIT asset tests and produce income which qualifies under the
75% REIT gross income test. In addition, when purchasing the equity tranche of a
securitization, the Company may rely on opinions or advice of counsel regarding
the qualification of the securitization for exemption from U.S. corporate income
tax and the qualification of interests in such securitization as debt for U.S.
federal income tax  purposes. The inaccuracy of
any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect the Company's REIT
qualification and result in significant corporate-level tax. 
 - 50 - 
 

 
 The Company may be subject to
adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the value of the
Company's common stock. 
       At any time,
the U.S. federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the
administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended,
possibly with retroactive effect. The Company cannot predict when or if any new
U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any
amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or
administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective,
and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively.
The Company and its stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change
in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative
interpretation. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not
qualify for the reduced tax rates on dividend income from regular corporations,
which could adversely affect the value of the Company's common
stock. 
     
 The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for certain qualified dividends
payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20%.
Dividends payable by REITs, however, are generally not eligible for the reduced
rates and therefore may be subject to up to a 39.6% maximum U.S. federal income
tax rate on ordinary income. Although the reduced U.S. federal income tax rate
applicable to dividend income from regular corporate dividends does not
adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends paid by REITs, the more
favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause investors
who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be
relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT
corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the
shares of REITs, including the Company's common stock. 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves
highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code. 
     
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and
complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only limited judicial and
administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation
could jeopardize the Company's REIT qualification. The Company's qualification
as a REIT will depend on its satisfaction of certain asset, income,
organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a
continuing basis. In addition, the Company's ability to satisfy the requirements
to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third parties over which
the Company has no control or only limited influence, including in cases where
the Company owns an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments. 
     
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
     
 The Company uses the offices of ZAIS located at Two Bridge Avenue, Suite
322, Red Bank, New Jersey 07701-1106, telephone (732) 978-7518. 
 Item 3. Legal
Proceedings. 
     
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in various claims and
legal actions in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2013, the
Company was not involved in any legal proceedings. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
 
     
 Not applicable. 
 - 51 - 
 

 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities. 
 Market Information 
       The Company's
common stock began trading on the NYSE on February 8, 2013 under the symbol
"ZFC." Prior to that time, there was no public trading market for the Company's
common stock. On March 10, 2014 the last sales price for the Company's common
stock on the NYSE was $17.46 per share. The following table presents the high and
low sales prices per share of the Company's common stock during each calendar
quarter since it commenced trading on the NYSE on February 8, 2013 until
December 31, 2013: 
 

   
     Period: 
            
     High 
            
     Low 
   
     October 1, 2013 through
      December 31, 2013 
       
     $    
       
     18.38 
     
     $    
       
     15.75 
   
     July 1, 2013 through September 30,
      2013 
     
     
     18.60 
       
     
     15.51 
   
     April 1, 2013 through June
      30, 2013 
     
       
     21.00 
     
       
     16.50 
   
     February 8, 2013 through March 31,
      2013 
     
     
     20.90 
     
     
     19.45 
 Holders 
     
 As of March 10, 2014, the Company had 23 registered holders of its common
stock. The 23 holders of record include Cede & Co., which holds shares as
nominee for The Depository Trust Company, which itself holds shares on behalf of
the beneficial owners of the Company's common stock. Such information was
obtained through the Company's registrar and transfer agent. 
 Dividends 
     
 The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax
purposes commencing with the Company's taxable year ended December 31, 2011.
U.S. federal income tax law requires that a REIT distribute annually at least
90% of its REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains and determined
without regard to the dividends paid deduction, and that it pay tax at regular
corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100% of its
net taxable income. The Company's current policy is to pay distributions which
will allow it to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT and generally not
be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its undistributed income. Although the
Company may borrow funds to make distributions, cash for such distributions is
expected to be largely generated from the Company's consolidated results of
operations. Dividends are declared and paid at the discretion of the Company's
board of directors and depend on cash available for distribution, financial
condition, the Company's ability to maintain its qualification as a REIT, and
such other factors that the Company's board of directors may deem relevant. See
Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Conditions and Results of Operations," of this annual report on Form
10-K, for information regarding the sources of funds used for dividends and for
a discussion of factors, if any, which may adversely affect the Company's
ability to pay dividends. 
     
 During 2013, the Company declared the following dividends: 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Amount per
      Share 
   
     Declaration Date 
            
     Record Date 
            
     Payment Date 
            
     and OP unit 
   
     May 14, 2013 
     
     May 24, 2013 
     
     May 31, 2013 
     
     $    
       
     0.22 
   
     June 25, 2013 
     
     July 9, 2013 
     
     July 23, 2013 
     
     $ 
     0.45 
   
     September 18,
    2013 
     
     September 30,
    2013 
       
     October 11, 2013 
     
     $ 
     0.50 
   
     December 19, 2013 
       
     December 31, 2013 
     
     January 15, 2014 
     
     $ 
     0.40 
   
     December 19,
      2013 (1) 
     
     December 31,
2013 
     
     January 15, 2014 
       
     $ 
     0.55 ____________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     
       The Company declared a special
      cash dividend to distribute taxable income from 2013 attributable to the
      termination of interest rate swap
contracts. 
 - 52 - 
 

 
 Stockholder Return
Performance 
       The stock
performance graph and table below shall not be deemed, under the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, to be (i) “soliciting material” or “filed” or (ii)
incorporated by reference by any general statement into any filing made by the
Company with the SEC, except to the extent that the Company specifically
incorporates such stock performance graph and table by reference. 
     
 The following graph is a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder
return on the Company's shares of common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500
Index (the “S&P 500 Index”), the Russell 2000 Index (the “Russell 2000”) and
the SNL Finance REIT Index, a peer group index from February 8, 2013
(commencement of trading on the NYSE) to December 31, 2013. The graph assumes
that $100 was invested on February 8, 2013 in the Company’s shares of common
stock, the S&P 500 Index, the Russell 2000 and the SNL Finance REIT Index
and that all dividends were reinvested without the payment of any commissions.
There can be no assurance that the performance of the Company’s common stock
will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph
below. 
   
 

   
     Index 
            
     02/08/13 
            
     02/28/13 
            
     03/31/13 
            
     06/30/13 
            
     09/30/13 
            
     12/31/13 
   
     ZAIS Financial
    Corp. 
     
     100.00 
     
     100.60 
       
     103.41 
     
     92.09 
     
     92.82 
     
     90.80 
   
     S&P 500 
     
     100.00 
       
     99.97 
     
     103.71 
       
     106.73 
     
     112.33 
     
     124.14 
   
     Russell 2000 
     
     100.00 
     
     99.80 
     
     104.41 
     
     107.63 
       
     118.62 
       
     128.97 
   
     SNL US Finance REIT 
       
     100.00 
     
     102.04 
     
     107.74 
     
     89.06 
     
     87.57 
     
     88.15 ____________________   
 

   
     
       Source: SNL Financial LC,
      Charlottesville, VA © 2014  
   
     (1) 
           
     
     
       As of December 31, 2013, the SNL
      Finance REIT Index comprised the following companies: AG Mortgage
      Investment Trust, Inc.; American Capital Agency Corp.; American Capital
      Mortgage Investment Corp.; American Church Mortgage Company; Annaly
      Capital Management, Inc.; Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation; Apollo
      Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.; Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.;
      Arbor Realty Trust, Inc.; Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation; ARMOUR
      Residential REIT, Inc.; Bimini Capital Management, Inc.; Blackstone
      Mortgage Trust, Inc.; BRT Realty Trust; Capstead Mortgage Corporation;
      Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corporation; Chimera Investment
      Corporation; Colony Financial, Inc.; CV Holdings, Inc.; CYS Investments,
      Inc.; Dynex Capital, Inc.; Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT; Five Oaks
      Investment Corp.; Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital,
      Inc.; Hatteras Financial Corp.; Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc.; iStar
      Financial Inc.; JAVELIN Mortgage Investment Corp.; JER Investors Trust
      Inc.; MFA Financial, Inc.; New Residential Investment Corp.; New York
      Mortgage Trust, Inc.; Newcastle Investment Corp.; NorthStar Realty Finance
      Corp.; Orchid Island Capital, Inc.; Origen Financial, Inc.; Owens Realty
      Mortgage, Inc.; PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust; PMC Commercial Trust;
      RAIT Financial Trust; Redwood Trust, Inc.; Resource Capital Corp.;
      Starwood Property Trust, Inc.; Two Harbors Investment Corp.; Western Asset
      Mortgage Capital Corporation; and ZAIS Financial
  Corp. 
 - 53 - 
 

 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans  
       During 2012, the Company adopted its 2012 equity incentive
plan (the "2012 Plan"). The 2012 Plan authorizes the Compensation Committee to
approve grants of equity-based awards to the Company's officers and directors
and officers and employees of the Advisor and its affiliates. The 2012 Plan
provides for grants of equity awards up to, in the aggregate, the equivalent of
5% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company's common
 stock from time to time (on a fully
diluted basis (assuming, if applicable, the exercise of all outstanding options
and the conversion of all warrants and convertible securities into shares of
common stock)) at the time of the award. As of March 10, 2014, the Company had
8,897,800 shares of common stock outstanding, which are comprised of (i)
7,970,886 shares of common stock and (ii) 926,914 OP units, which are
exchangeable, on a one-for-one basis, into cash or, at the Company's option, for
shares of the Company's common stock. In addition, the Exchangeable Senior Notes
are exchangeable for shares of the Company's common stock or, to the extent
necessary to satisfy NYSE listing requirements, cash, at an exchange rate of
54.3103 shares of common stock for each $1,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes, subject to adjustment and other limitations under
certain circumstances. At December 31, 2013, no awards had been granted under
the 2012 Plan, and at March 10, 2014, 533,868 shares were available for future
issuance under the 2012 Plan, based on a total of 10,677,360 shares of common
stock outstanding on a diluted basis, comprised of 7,970,886 shares of common
stock, 926,914 OP units and 1,779,560 shares of common stock issuable upon
exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes without stockholder approval for
issuances above this threshold.  
     
 The following table presents certain information about the Company's
equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2013: 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Number of
      securities 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     remaining available
      for 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     future issuance
      under 
   
     
     
     Number of securities to
      be 
     
     
     
     
     equity compensation
      plans 
   
     
     
     issued upon exercise
      of 
     
     Weighted-average exercise 
     
     (excluding
      securities 
   
     
     
     outstanding
      options, 
     
     price of
      outstanding 
     
     reflected in the first
      column 
   
     Award 
            
     warrants and rights 
            
     options, warrants and
      rights 
            
     of this table) (1) 
   
     Equity compensation plans
      approved by stockholders 
     
     — 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     — 
   
     Equity compensation plans not approved by
      stockholders (2) 
       
     — 
     
       
     — 
     
     533,868 
   
     Total 
     
     — 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     533,868 ____________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     The 2012 Plan provides
      for grants of equity awards up to, in the aggregate, the equivalent of 5%
      of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company's common stock from
      time to time (on a fully diluted basis (assuming, if applicable, the
      exercise of all outstanding options and the conversion of all warrants and
      convertible securities into shares of common stock)) at the time of the
      award. 
   
     (2) 
             
     The 2012 Plan was
      adopted in December 2012, prior to the completion of the Company's IPO. No
      awards have been granted pursuant to this plan. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities  

     
 None. 
 Recent Purchases of Equity
Securities 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Maximum
    Number 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     (or
      Approximate 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Dollar Value)
      of 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Total Number
      of 
     
     Shares (or
      Units) 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Shares (or OP
      units) 
     
     that May Yet
      Be 
   
     
     
     Total number
      of 
     
     Average price
      paid 
     
     Purchased as Part
      of 
     
     Purchased
      Under 
   
     
     
     shares (or OP
      units) 
     
     per share or
      (OP 
     
     Publicly
      Announced 
     
     the Plans
    or 
   
     Period 
            
     purchased (1) 
            
     unit) 
            
     Plans or Programs 
            
     Programs 
   
     January 1 to January
      31 
     
     265,245 
       
     $ 
     21.68 
       
     — 
     
     — 
   
     Total 
       
     265,245 
     
     $ 
     21.68 
     
     — 
       
     — ____________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     On January 24, 2013,
      the Company repurchased 265,245 shares of its common stock from one of its
      institutional stockholders. The Company paid to such stockholder
      approximately $5.8 million. 
       - 54 - 
 

 
 Item 6. Selected Financial
Data. 
     
 The Company derived its selected consolidated financial data (i) as of
December 31, 2013 and for the year ended December 31, 2013; (ii) as of December
31, 2012 and for the year ended December 31, 2012; and (iii) as of December 31,
2011 and for the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's inception)
to December 31, 2011, from its audited consolidated financial statements
appearing in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
       This
information should be read in conjunction with Item 1, "Business," Item 7,
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     For the
      period 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     July 29, 2011
      (date 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     of the
      Company's 
   
     
     
     Year
      Ended   
       
     Year Ended 
     
     inception)
      to 
   
     
            
     December 31,
2013 
            
     December 31,
      2012 
            
     December 31,
  2011 
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands, except per share data) 
     
     
     
     
   
     Operating Data: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Interest
      income 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       Mortgage loans 
     
     $             
       
     10,470 
     
     
     $          
          
     — 
     
     
     $   
                 
     — 
     
   
                  
       Real estate securities 
     
     
     15,948 
     
     
     
     9,398 
     
     
     
     3,618 
     
   
                  
       Total interest income 
     
     
     26,418 
     
     
     
     9,398 
     
     
     
     3,618 
     
   
            Interest
      expense 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       Loan Repurchase Facility 
     
     
     3,612 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
                  
       Securities repurchase agreements 
     
     
     2,919 
     
     
     
     1,387 
     
     
     
     296 
     
   
                  
       Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     564 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
                  
       Total interest expense 
     
     
     7,095 
     
     
     
     1,387 
     
       
     
     296 
     
   
     Net interest
    income 
     
     
     19,323 
     
     
     
     8,011 
     
     
     
     3,322 
     
   
     Operating expense 
     
     
     9,604 
     
     
     
     2,355 
     
     
     
     779 
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain
      or loss on mortgage loans 
     
     
     7,136 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain or loss on real
      estate securities 
     
     
     (7,171 
     ) 
     
     
     17,793 
     
     
       
     (5,960 
     ) 
   
     Realized gain on mortgage
      loans 
     
     
     1,299 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Realized loss on real estate
      securities 
     
     
     (9,046 
     ) 
     
     
     (186 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,482 
     ) 
   
     Gain/(loss) on derivative
      instruments 
     
     
     5,615 
     
     
     
     (1,171 
     ) 
     
     
     (235 
     ) 
   
     Net income/(loss) attributable to ZAIS
      Financial Corp. common 
     
     
     
       
       
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
   
           
       stockholders 
       
       
     6,658 
     
     
     
     19,434 
     
     
     
     (5,134 
     ) 
   
     Net income/(loss) per
      share applicable to common stockholders - 
     
     
       
     
     
       
       
     
     
     
     
     
   
             Basic
      and Diluted 
     
     $ 
     0.92 
     
     
     $ 
     7.13 
     
     
     $ 
     (1.70 
     ) 
   
           
       Weighted average number of shares of common stock 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       outstanding: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
       Basic 
     
     
     7,273,366 
     
     
     
     2,724,252 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
   
           
       Diluted 
     
     
     8,200,280 
     
     
     
     2,773,845 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
   
     Dividends declared per
      share of common stock 
     
     $ 
     2.12 
     (1) 
     
     $ 
     4.11 
     (2) 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
 

   
     
     
     As of
      December 31, 
     
     As of
      December 31, 
     
     As of
      December 31, 
   
     
            
     2013 
            
     2012 
            
     2011 
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands, except per share data) 
   
     Balance Sheet Data (at period end): 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Total assets 
     
     $      
     620,081 
     
     $         
          
     201,648 
     
     
     $      
     154,105 
   
     Total
liabilities 
     
     $ 
     442,312 
     
     $ 
     136,507 
     (3) 
     
     $ 
     98,787 
   
     Total ZAIS Financial Corp. stockholders'
      equity 
       
     $ 
     159,250 
       
     $ 
     45,042 
     
     
     $ 
     55,318 
   
     Total non-controlling
      interests in operating partnership 
     
     $ 
     18,519 
     
     $ 
     20,099 
     
       
     $ 
     — 
   
     Stockholders' equity per share of common
      stock and OP Units 
     
     $ 
     19.98 
     
     $ 
     21.68 
     (4) 
     
     $ 
     18.30 ____________________   
 

   
     (1) 
           
       
     The Company’s dividends declared
      per share of common stock include the following dividends: (i) on May 14,
      2013, the Company declared a dividend in respect of the first quarter of
      2013 of $0.22 per share of common stock and OP unit, payable to
      stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on
      May 24, 2013, which was paid on May 31, 2013, (ii) on June 25, 2013, the
      Company declared a dividend in respect of the second quarter of 2013 of
      $0.45 per share of common stock and OP unit, payable to stockholders and
      OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on July 9, 2013,
      which was paid on July 23, 2013, (iii) on September 18, 2013, the Company
      declared a dividend in respect of the third quarter of 2013 of $0.50 per
      share of common stock and OP unit, payable to stockholders and OP unit
      holders of record as of the close of business on September 30, 2013, which
      was paid on October 11, 2013 and (iv) on December 19, 2013, the Company
      declared a regular cash dividend and an additional special cash dividend
      in respect of the fourth quarter of 2013 of $0.40 per share of common
      stock and OP unit and $0.55 per share of its common stock and OP unit,
      respectively, payable to stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of
      the close of business on December 31, 2013, which was paid on January 15,
      2014. The Company declared the additional special cash dividend to
      distribute taxable income from 2013 attributable to the termination of
      interest rate swap contracts. 
 - 55 - 
 

 
 

   
     (2) 
             
     The Company’s
      dividends declared per share of common stock include the following
      dividends: (i) on May 1, 2012, the Company declared a dividend in respect
      of the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company’s inception) to
      December 31, 2011 of $0.51 per share of common stock, payable to
      stockholders of record on May 1, 2012, which was paid on May 15, 2012,
      (ii) on June 5, 2012, the Company declared a dividend in respect of the
      first quarter of 2012 of $0.57 per share of common stock, payable to
      stockholders of record on June 5, 2012, which was paid on June 21, 2012,
      (iii) on October 22, 2012, the Company declared a dividend in respect of
      the second quarter of 2012 of $0.89 per share of common stock and OP unit,
      payable to stockholders and OP unit holders of record on October 22, 2012,
      which was paid on October 29, 2012, (iv) on November 29, 2012, the Company
      declared a dividend in respect of the third quarter of 2012 of $0.98 per
      share of common stock and OP unit, payable to stockholders and OP unit
      holders of record on November 29, 2012, which was paid on December 6, 2012
      and (v) on December 19, 2012, the Company declared a dividend in respect
      of the fourth quarter of 2012 of $1.16 per share of common stock and OP
      unit, payable to stockholders and OP unit holders of record on December
      19, 2012, which was paid on December 26, 2012. 
   
     (3) 
     
     Includes $11.2 million
      in common stock repurchase liability which, as of December 31, 2012, the
      Company had expected to pay in January 2013 for the repurchase of 515,035
      shares of its common stock from one of the Company’s institutional
      stockholders. In January 2013, the Company agreed with this institutional
      stockholder to repurchase only 265,245 of its shares (rather than 515,035
      shares). 
   
     (4) 
     
     The shares of common
      stock outstanding for purposes of this stockholders’ equity per share
      calculation do not include 515,035 shares of its common stock that the
      Company agreed to repurchase from one of its institutional stockholders in
      January 2013 at a price per share equal to the book value per share as of
      December 31, 2012. In January 2013, the Company agreed with this
      institutional stockholder to repurchase only 265,245 of its shares (rather
      than 515,035 shares). 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
       The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements
and accompanying notes included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data," of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
     
 The Company primarily invests in, finances and manages performing and
re-performing residential mortgage loans, which may be seasoned or recently
originated. The Company also invests in, finances and manages non-Agency RMBS
with an emphasis on securities that, when originally issued, were rated in the
highest rating category by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical
rating organizations. The Company also has the discretion to invest in MSRs,
Agency RMBS, including through TBA contracts, and in other real estate-related
and financial assets, such as IOs, CMBS and ABS. 
     
 The Company plans over time to evolve its whole loan strategy to include
newly originated residential mortgage loans, which the Company expects to become
a core component of its strategy. While the Company has not yet begun
originating or purchasing newly originated loans, it has taken steps to build
out its capabilities. The Company believes that this business will benefit from
the Advisor's existing expertise in mortgage product development, loan pricing,
hedging and analytics, due diligence, risk management and servicing oversight.
The Company may pursue opportunities for the origination and purchase of newly
originated mortgage loans through a loan seller network or through the
acquisition or establishment of a mortgage origination platform. 
     
 The Company's income is generated primarily by the net spread between the
income it earns on its assets and the cost of its financing and hedging
activities. The Company's objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted
returns to its stockholders, primarily through quarterly distributions and
secondarily through capital appreciation. 
     
 The Company completed its formation transaction and commenced operations
on July 29, 2011. On February 13, 2013, the Company successfully completed its
IPO, pursuant to which the Company sold 5,650,000 shares of its common stock to
the public at a price of $21.25 per share for gross proceeds of $120.1 million.
Net proceeds after the payment of offering costs of approximately $1.2 million
were $118.9 million. In connection with the IPO, the Advisor paid $6.3 million
in underwriting fees. The Company did not pay any underwriting fees, discounts
or commissions in connection with the IPO. The Operating Partnership issued and
sold the Exchangeable Senior Notes in a private transaction on November 25,
2013. 
     
 As of December 31, 2013, the Company held a diversified portfolio of
fixed rate mortgage loans and ARMs with an estimated fair value of $331.8
million and RMBS assets with an estimated fair value of $226.2 million,
consisting primarily of senior tranches of non-Agency RMBS that were originally
highly rated but subsequently downgraded. The borrowings the Company used to
fund the purchase of its portfolio totaled approximately $374.7 million as of
December 31, 2013 under the Loan Repurchase Facility, as well as under master
securities repurchase agreements with four counterparties. The Operating
Partnership issued and sold the Exchangeable Senior Notes in a private
transaction on November 25, 2013. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital
Resources" of this annual report on Form 10-K, for a discussion of the terms of
the Exchangeable Senior Notes. 
 - 56 - 
 

 
       The Company
has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes
commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2011. The Company is
organized in a format pursuant to which it serves as the general partner of, and
conducts substantially all of its business through, its Operating Partnership
subsidiary, ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. The
Company also expects to operate its business so that it is not required to
register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 Results of Operations
 
     
 The following discussion of the Company's consolidated results of
operations highlights the Company’s performance for the years ended December 31,
2013 and 2012. The Company does not believe that a comparison of the Company's
consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 with the
period ended December 31, 2011 is meaningful because the Company commenced
operations on July 29, 2011 and did not have a full calendar year of operations
during the calendar year ended December 31, 2011.  
     
 The Company's results of operations for the quarter ended December 31,
2013, were impacted by a number of factors. After the December Federal Reserve
announcement to begin the tapering of bond purchases, interest rates finished at
the highest level of the year, with 10-year treasury yields closing above 3% on
December 31, 2013. However, interest rate volatility during the fourth quarter
was considerably lower than the levels experienced earlier in 2013 and in
particular during the May to June, 2013 timeframe. This subdued volatility was
supportive of risk asset valuations, including those in the mortgage credit
markets. Strength in the housing market continued, with home prices nationwide
increasing 11.0% in December 2013 compared to December 2012, according to
CoreLogic ® 's December 2013 Home Price Index report. This trend in
home price appreciation remained strong during the fourth quarter despite
concerns over the impact of higher mortgage rates over the course of 2013.
Economic fundamentals were positive during the quarter but subdued, with
continued modest growth in output and employment. 
 Investment Activity during the
years ended, and as of, December 31, 2013 and 2012  
 Investments  
     
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
Company's mortgage loan portfolio at December 31, 2013: 
 

   
     
     
     Unpaid 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     Principal 
     
     Premium 
     
     Amortized 
     
     Gross Unrealized (1) 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted Average 
   
     
          
     Balance 
          
     (Discount) 
          
     Cost 
          
     Gains 
          
     Losses 
          
     Fair Value 
          
     Coupon 
          
     Yield (2) 
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
   
     Mortgage Loans 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Performing 
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Fixed 
     
     $      
     212,701 
     
     $      
     (43,531 
     ) 
     
     $      
     169,170 
     
     $      
     7,843 
     
     $      
     (3,558 
     ) 
     
     $      
     173,455 
     
       4.56 
     % 
     
       7.05 
     % 
   
           
      ARM 
     
     
     170,178 
       
     
     (25,618 
     ) 
     
     
     144,560 
     
       
     5,088 
     
     
     (1,556 
     ) 
     
     
     148,092 
     
     3.76 
       
     
     6.67 
     
   
     Total performing 
       
     
     382,879 
     
     
     (69,149 
     ) 
       
       
     313,730 
     
     
     12,931 
       
       
     (5,114 
     ) 
       
     
     321,547 
     
     4.20 
     
     
     6.88 
     
   
     Non-performing (3) 
     
     
     15,949 
     
     
     (5,030 
     ) 
     
     
     10,919 
       
     
     456 
     
       
     (1,136 
     ) 
     
       
     10,239 
       
     5.06 
     
     
     8.03 
     
   
     Total Mortgage Loans 
     
     $ 
     398,828 
     
     $ 
     (74,179 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     324,649 
     
     $ 
     13,387 
     
     $ 
     (6,250 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     331,786 
     
     4.24 
     % 
       
     6.91 
     % ________________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     The Company has
      elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for its mortgage loans.
      The Company recorded a gain of $7.1 million for the year ended December
      31, 2013, as change in unrealized gain or loss on mortgage loans in the
      consolidated statements of operations. 
   
     (2) 
     
     Unleveraged
      yield. 
   
     (3) 
     
     Loans that are
      delinquent for 60 days or more are considered
  non-performing. 
 The following table sets forth certain
information regarding the Company's RMBS portfolio at December 31,
2013:   
 

   
     
     
     Principal
      or 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     Notional 
     
     Premium 
     
     
     
     
     Gross Unrealized (1) 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted Average 
   
     
          
     Balance 
          
     (Discount) 
          
     Amortized Cost 
          
     Gains 
          
     Losses 
          
     Fair Value 
          
     Coupon 
          
     Yield (2)   
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
   
     Real estate securities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Alternative -
      A (3) 
     
     $      
     160,591 
     
     $      
     (80,208 
     ) 
     
     $      
     80,383 
     
     $      
     2,415 
     
     $      
     (1,112 
     ) 
     
     $      
     81,686 
     
       4.26 
     % 
     
       6.77 
     % 
   
            Pay
      option adjustable rate 
     
     
     34,374 
     
     
     (7,057 
     ) 
     
     
     27,317 
     
     
     465 
     
       
     (346 
     ) 
     
     
     27,436 
     
     0.76 
       
     
     6.80 
     
   
            Prime 
     
     
     109,136 
     
     
     (13,590 
     ) 
     
     
     95,546 
     
       
     3,751 
       
     
     (768 
     ) 
       
       
     98,529 
       
     4.77 
     
     
     6.45 
     
   
           
      Subprime 
       
     
     20,141 
       
       
     (1,894 
     ) 
       
       
     18,247 
       
     
     536 
     
     
     (279 
     ) 
     
     
     18,504 
     
     1.07 
     
     
     5.97 
     
   
     Total RMBS 
     
     $ 
     324,242 
     
     $ 
     (102,749 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     221,493 
     
     $ 
     7,167 
     
     $ 
     (2,505 
     ) 
       
     $ 
     226,155 
     
     3.80 
     % 
       
     6.57 
     % 

______________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     The Company has elected the fair
      value option pursuant to ASC 825 for its real estate securities. The
      Company recorded a loss of $7.2 million for the year ended December, 31
      2013 as change in unrealized gain or loss on real estate securities in the
      consolidated statements of operations. 
   
     (2) 
       
     Unleveraged yield. 
   
     (3) 
       
     Alternative-A RMBS includes an IO
      with a notional balance of $64.3 million. 

 - 57 - 
 
 
 
       The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's RMBS at
December 31, 2012: 
 

   
     
     
     Principal 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     or
      Notional 
     
     Premium 
     
     Amortized 
     
     Gross
      Unrealized (1) 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted
      Average 
   
     
     
     Balance 
     
     (Discount) 
     
     Cost 
     
     Gains 
     
     Losses 
     
     Fair Value 
     
     Coupon 
     
     Yield (2) 
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
   
     Real Estate Securities 
           
     
     
           
     
     
     
           
     
     
           
     
     
           
     
     
     
           
     
     
           
     
     
           
     
     
   
     Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            30-year
      adjustable 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                   mortgage 
     
     $      
     3,084 
     
     $      
     351 
     
     
     $      
     3,435 
     
     $      
     — 
     
     $      
     (195 
     ) 
     
     $      
     3,240 
     
     2.84 
     % 
     
     2.28 
     % 
   
            30-year fixed rate mortgage 
     
     
     61,034 
     
     
     3,057 
     
     
     
     64,091 
     
     
     2,443 
     
     
     (14 
     ) 
     
     
     66,520 
     
     3.82 
     
     
     3.44 
     
   
     Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
   
            Alternative
      A 
     
     
     38,550 
     
     
     (8,607 
     ) 
     
     
     29,943 
     
     
     3,437 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     33,380 
     
     5.69 
     
     
     7.95 
     
   
            Pay option
      adjustable rate 
     
     
     1,249 
     
     
     (378 
     ) 
     
     
     871 
     
     
     95 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     966 
     
     1.19 
     
     
     8.67 
     
   
            Prime 
     
     
     64,979 
     
     
     (8,075 
     ) 
     
     
     56,904 
     
     
     5,668 
     
     
     (2 
     ) 
     
     
     62,570 
     
     5.79 
     
     
     7.34 
     
   
            Subprime 
     
     
     4,420 
     
     
     (825 
     ) 
     
     
     3,595 
     
     
     401 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     3,996 
     
          0.98 
     
     
          9.10 
     
   
                    Real
      Estate Securities 
     
     $ 
     173,316 
     
     $ 
     (14,477 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     158,839 
     
     $ 
     12,044 
     
     $ 
     (211 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     170,672 
     
     4.81 
     % 
     
     5.89 
     % ____________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     The Company has elected the fair
      value option pursuant to ASC 825 for its RMBS. The Company recorded a gain
      of $17.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, as change in
      unrealized gain or loss on real estate securities in the consolidated
      statements of operations. 
   
     (2) 
       
     Unlevered
  yield. 
       Mortgage Loans.
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, the
Company acquired fixed rate mortgage loans and ARMs with a principal balance of
$412.8 million for $334.2 million. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the
Company did not sell any mortgage loans. The Company did not acquire any fixed
rate mortgage loans or ARMs during the year ended December 31, 2012.  
       RMBS . During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company acquired Agency
RMBS with a principal balance of $159.2 million for $165.8 million and
non-Agency RMBS with a principal balance of $375.4 million for $234.3 million.
During the same period, the Company sold Agency RMBS with a principal balance of
$215.5 million for $215.9 million and non-Agency RMBS with a principal balance
of $89.5 million for $68.3 million. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the
Company acquired RMBS with a principal balance of $17.4 million for $15.7
million from a fund managed by ZAIS. During the year ended December 31, 2012,
the Company acquired Agency RMBS with a principal balance of $34.0 million for
$35.6 million and non-Agency RMBS with a principal balance of $78.6 million for
$68.7 million. During the same period, the Company sold Agency RMBS for $31.6
million in net proceeds and non-Agency RMBS for $42.6 million in net proceeds,
and recognized a net realized loss of $0.2 million. The Company did not own any
Agency RMBS at December 31, 2013 and the fair market value of its Agency RMBS at
December 31, 2012 was $69.8 million. The fair market value of the Company's
non-Agency RMBS at December 31, 2013 was $226.2 million, compared to $100.9
million at December 31, 2012. 
       TBA Securities.
 As of December 31, 2013, the Company did not
have any exposure to TBA contracts to purchase or sell Agency RMBS. During the
year ended December 31, 2013, the Company paired off purchases of TBA securities
with a combined notional amount of $643.0 million by entering into simultaneous
sales of TBA securities.  
       Financing and Other
Liabilities . As of December, 31 2013, the
Company had the Loan Repurchase Facility outstanding totaling $236.1 million
which was used to finance mortgage loans. The Loan Repurchase Facility is
secured by a portion of the Company's mortgage loan portfolio and bears interest
at a rate that has historically moved in close relationship to LIBOR. As of
December, 31 2013, the Company also had 44 securities repurchase agreements
outstanding with four real estate securities repurchase agreement counterparties
totaling $138.6 million, which was used to finance investments in non-Agency
RMBS and 35 securities repurchase agreements outstanding with three
counterparties totaling $116.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012,
which was used to finance Agency RMBS and non-Agency RMBS. These agreements are
secured by cash collateral and a portion of the Company's non-Agency RMBS or
Agency RMBS and bear interest at rates that have historically moved in close
relationship to LIBOR. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had Exchangeable
 Senior Notes outstanding totaling $57.5 million. As of
December, 31 2013, excluding the cash held from the issuance of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes, the Company was fully invested in its target assets contemplated
by its long term business plan. However, for a portion of the year ended
December, 31 2013, the Company was not fully invested in its long-term target
assets. 
 - 58 -  
 

 
       The
following table presents certain information regarding the Company's Loan
Repurchase Facility as of December 31, 2013 by remaining maturity and collateral
type:  
 

   
     
     
     Mortgage Loans 
   
     
           
     
     
           
     Weighted 
   
     
     
     Balance 
     
     Average Rate 
   
       
     
     (dollars
      in 
     
     
     
   
     
     
     thousands) 
     
     
     
   
     Loan repurchase facility borrowings maturing
    within 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     91-180 days 
     
     $      
     236,059 
     
                  2.92 
     % 
   
           Total/weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     236,059 
     
     2.92 
     % 
       The following table presents certain
information regarding the Company's securities repurchase agreements as of
December 31, 2013 by remaining maturity: 
 

   
     
     
     Non-Agency RMBS 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
   
     
     
     Balance 
           
     Average Rate 
   
     
           
     (dollars
      in 
     
     
     
   
     
     
     thousands) 
     
     
     
   
     Securities repurchase agreements maturing
within 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     30 days or less 
     
     $      
     121,914 
     
                  1.90 
     % 
   
     31-60 days 
     
     
     6,415 
     
     1.84 
     
   
     61-90 days 
     
     
     10,263 
     
     1.85 
     
   
     Greater than 90
    days 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     % 
   
           Total/weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     138,592 
     
          1.89 
     % 
       The following table presents certain
information regarding the Company's securities repurchase agreements as of
December 31, 2012 by remaining maturity and collateral type: 
 

   
     
     
     Agency RMBS 
     
     Non-Agency RMBS 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
   
     
     
     Balance 
     
     Average Rate 
     
     Balance 
     
     Average Rate 
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
   
     Securities repurchase agreements maturing
    within: 
     
     
     
           
     
     
           
     
     
           
     
     
   
     30 days or less 
           
     $      
     44,175 
     
                    0.49 
     % 
     
     $      
     49,441 
     
                  2.15 
     % 
   
     31 - 60 days 
     
     
     10,866 
     
     0.49 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
     61 - 90 days 
     
     
     11,598 
     
     0.47 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
     Greater than 90
    days 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
           Total/Weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     66,639 
     
     0.49 
     % 
     
     $ 
     49,441 
     
     2.15 
     % 
       Derivative
Instruments . As of December 31, 2013 and
2012, the Company had outstanding interest rate swap agreements designed to
mitigate the effects of increases in interest rates under a portion of its
repurchase agreements. These interest rate swap agreements provide for the
Company to pay fixed interest rates and receive floating interest rates indexed
to LIBOR. The swap agreements effectively fixed the floating interest rates on
$17.2 million of borrowings under the Company's repurchase agreements at
December 31, 2013 as compared to $32.6 million of borrowings under its
repurchase agreements at December 31, 2012.  
 - 59 -  
 

 
       The following table presents certain
information about the Company's interest rate swap agreements as of December 31,
2013:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
     
     Weighted 
     
     Weighted 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Average
      Pay 
     
     Average 
     
     Average
    Years 
   
     Maturity 
     
     Notional
    Amount 
     
     Rate 
           
     Receive Rate 
           
     to Maturity 
   
     
           
     (dollars
      in 
           
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     thousands) 
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
   
     2023 
     
     $ 
     17,200 
     
                2.72 
     % 
     
                 0.24 
     % 
     
     9.6 
   
            Total/Weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     17,200 
     
     2.72 
     % 
     
     0.24 
     % 
     
     9.6 
       The following table presents certain
information about the Company's interest rate swap agreements as of December 31,
2012:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted Average 
     
     Weighted Average 
     
     Weighted Average 
   
     Maturity 
           
      Notional
    Amount 
           
     Pay Rate 
           
     Receive Rate 
           
     Years to Maturity 
   
     
     
     (dollars in 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     thousands) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     2016 
     
     $        
     12,102 
     
     1.21 
     % 
     
                          0.31 
     % 
     
     3.7 
   
     2017 
     
     
     11,050 
     
     1.28 
     
     
     0.31 
     
     
     4.3 
   
     2021 
     
     
     9,448 
     
     2.16 
     
     
     0.31 
     
     
     8.7 
   
            Total/Weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     32,600 
     
                          1.51 
     % 
     
     0.31 
     % 
     
     5.3 
 
 The following analysis focuses on
the results generated during the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012. 
 Net Interest Income 
       For the
year ended December 31, 2013, the Company's interest income was $26.4 million as
compared to $9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in
interest income was primarily due to the acquisition of whole loans, which
increased interest income by $10.5 million, an increase in the Company's average
RMBS portfolio, which increased interest income by $6.2 million, and an increase
in the average RMBS portfolio yield, which increased interest income by $0.3
million. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company's interest expense
was $7.1 million as compared to $1.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2012. The increase in interest expense was due to interest on the Exchangeable
Senior Notes, an increase in borrowings from securities repurchase agreements on
non-Agency RMBS and the Loan Repurchase Facility.  
       As of December 31, 2013, the
weighted average net interest spread between the yield on the Company's assets
and the cost of funds, including the impact of interest rate hedging, was 3.91%
for the Company's mortgage loans and 4.61% for the Company's non-Agency RMBS. As
of December 31, 2012, the weighted average net interest spread between the yield
on the Company's assets and the cost of funds, including the impact of interest
rate hedging, was 2.28% for the Company's Agency RMBS and 5.47% for the
Company's non-Agency RMBS. 
       Interest income is subject to
interest rate risk. See Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk," of this annual report on Form 10-K, for more information relating
to interest rate risk and its impact on the Company's operating results.
 
       The Company's net interest income is
also impacted by prepayment speeds, as measured by the weighted average Constant
Prepayment Rate (“CPR”) on its assets. The three-month average and the six-month
average CPR for the period ended December 31, 2013 were 15.9% and 19.8%,
respectively, for the Company's non-Agency RMBS. The Company held no Agency RMBS
at December 31, 2013. The three-month average and the six-month average CPR for
the period ended December 31, 2012 of the Company's Agency RMBS were 5.7% and
5.6%, respectively, and were 18.8% and 18.6%, respectively, for the Company's
non-Agency RMBS. The Company held no residential mortgage loans at December 31,
2012. The non-Agency RMBS CPR includes both voluntary and involuntary amounts.
 
 Expenses  
       Professional Fees.
 For the year ended December 31, 2013, the
Company incurred professional fees of $3.5 million as compared to $1.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2012 (primarily related to legal fees, audit
fees and consulting fees). The increase in professional fees was primarily due
to an increase in internal and external audit fees of $1.7 million  and
increased legal fees of $0.7 million, which reflects the increased reporting
requirements of being a public company. The increase in professional fees was
partially offset by a decrease of $0.1 million in consulting fees related to
general corporate matters.  
 - 60 -  
 

 
       Advisory Fee Expense (Related Party) .
Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company incurred
advisory fee expense of $2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, as
compared to $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in
advisory fee expense over these periods was due to the Company's increased
capitalization as a result of its IPO.  
       General and Administrative
Expenses.  For the year ended December 31,
2013, general and administrative expenses were $2.6 million as compared to $0.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2012 (primarily related to insurance).
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to
increased insurance expense of $0.7 million, mortgage loan transaction costs of
$0.6 million, additional public company expenses of $0.2 million, research fees
of $0.2 million, directors' fees of $0.3 million related to the independent
directors who joined the Company in connection with the Company's IPO in
February 2013 and other corporate expenses of $0.4 million.   
       Interest on Common Stock
Repurchase Liability . The Company incurred
interest cost of $1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, which was
due to dividends paid of $1.6 million on 515,035 shares of common stock, which
were reported as a common stock repurchase liability at December 31, 2012 and an
increase in the liability of $0.2 million, which was due to the increase in
value of the common stock repurchase liability from the initial measurement at
December 31, 2012.  
 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss)
 
       For the year ended December 31,
2013, the Company sold certain of its RMBS and recognized a net loss of $7.9
million. During this period, the Company also recognized $1.1 million in OTTI as
realized losses. The Company recognized a change in unrealized gain or loss on
its RMBS of a loss of $7.2 million due to changes in the fair value of its RMBS.
The Company also recognized a gain of $7.1 million as a change in unrealized
gain or loss on its mortgage loans and realized a gain of $1.3 million on its
mortgage loans for pay-offs in excess of cost. During the year ended December
31, 2012, the Company sold certain of its RMBS and recognized a net loss of $0.2
million. During this period, the Company's change in unrealized gain or loss on
its RMBS was a gain of $17.8 million due to changes in the fair value of the
Company's RMBS.  
       The Company has not designated its
interest rate swaps as hedging instruments. 
       The Company recorded the change in
estimated fair value related to interest rate swaps held during the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012, and TBAs held during the year ended December 31,
2013 in earnings as gain/(loss) on derivative instruments. Included in
gain/(loss) on derivative instruments are the net swap payments and net TBA
payments for the derivative instruments.  
       The Company has elected to record
the change in estimated fair value related to its RMBS and mortgage loans in
earnings by electing the fair value option.  
       The following amounts related to
realized gains and losses, as well as changes in estimated fair value of the
Company's RMBS portfolio, mortgage loans and derivative instruments are included
in the Company's audited consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
 

   
     
           
     Year Ended December 31,
      2013 
           
     Year Ended
      December 31, 2012 
   
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
   
     Other gain/(loss) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain or loss on
      mortgage loans 
     
     $                                          
     7,136 
     
     
     $                                         
     — 
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain
      or loss on real estate securities 
     
     
     (7,171 
     ) 
     
     
     17,793 
       
   
     Realized gain on mortgage loans 
     
     
     1,299 
       
       
     
     — 
     
   
     Realized (loss)/gain on
      real estate securities 
       
       
     (9,046 
     ) 
     
       
     (186 
     ) 
   
     Gain/(loss) on derivative
    instruments 
     
     
     5,615 
     
     
     
     (1,171 
     ) 
   
               Total
      other gains/(losses) 
     
     $ 
     (2,167 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     16,436 
     
 - 61 -  
 

 
 Dividends  
       During
the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company declared the following dividends:
 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Amount per
      Share 
   
     Declaration Date 
           
     Record Date 
           
     Payment Date 
           
     and OP unit 
   
     May 14, 2013 
     
     May 24, 2013 
     
     May 31, 2013 
     
     $ 
     0.22 
   
     June 25, 2013 
     
     July 9, 2013 
     
     July 23, 2013 
     
     $ 
     0.45 
   
     September 18,
    2013 
     
     September 30,
    2013 
     
     October 11, 2013 
     
     $ 
     0.50 
   
     December 19, 2013 
     
     December 31, 2013 
     
     January 15, 2014 
     
     $ 
     0.40 
   
     December 19,
      2013 (1) 
     
     December 31,
2013 
     
     January 15, 2014 
     
     $ 
     0.55 ____________________   
 

   
     (1) 
             
     The Company declared a special cash dividend to distribute taxable
      income from 2013 attributable to the termination of interest rate swap
      contracts. 
 Investment Activity for the
Period from July 29, 2011 (the Date of the Company's Inception) to December 31,
2011   
       RMBS . During the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's
inception) to December 31, 2011, the Company acquired Agency RMBS with a
principal balance of $66.6 million for $70.4 million. During the same period,
the Company acquired non-Agency RMBS with a principal balance of $120.1 million
for $101.5 million, which includes the non-Agency RMBS the Company received in
connection with its formation transactions. During the same period, the Company
sold non-Agency RMBS for $7.2 million in net proceeds, and recognized a net
realized loss of $1.5 million. The Company did not sell any Agency RMBS during
the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's inception) to December
31, 2011. The fair market values of the Company's Agency RMBS and non-Agency
RMBS at December 31, 2011 were $69.5 million and $76.5 million, respectively.
 
       Financing and Other
Liabilities . As of December 31, 2011, the
Company had 65 securities repurchase agreements outstanding with one
counterparty totaling $97.6 million, which was used to finance Agency RMBS and
non-Agency RMBS. This agreement is secured by a portion of the Company's Agency
RMBS and non-Agency RMBS and bears interest at rates that have historically
moved in close relationship to LIBOR.  
       Derivative Instruments.
 As of December 31, 2011, the Company had
outstanding interest rate swap agreements designed to mitigate the effects of
increases in interest rates under a portion of its securities repurchase
agreements. These swap agreements provide for the Company to pay fixed interest
rates and receive floating interest rates indexed off of LIBOR, effectively
fixing the floating interest rates on $21.6 million of borrowings under its
securities repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2011.  
 The following analysis focuses on
the results generated during the period from July 29, 2011 (the Date of the
Company's Inception) to December 31, 2011  
 Net Interest Income
 
       The Company earned interest income
of $3.6 million from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's inception) to
December 31, 2011, representing interest earned on its assets. The Company
incurred interest expense of $0.3 million for this period related to borrowings
from its securities repurchase agreement. As of December 31, 2011, the weighted
average net interest spread between the yield on the Company's assets and the
cost of funds, including the impact of interest rate hedging, was 2.59% for the
Company's Agency RMBS and 6.32% for its non-Agency RMBS.  
       Interest income is subject to
interest rate risk. See Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk," of this annual report on Form 10-K, for more information relating
to interest rate risk and its impact on the Company's operating results.
 
       The Company's net interest income is
also impacted by prepayment speeds, as measured by the CPR on the Company's
assets. The three-month CPR for the period ended December 31, 2011 was 4.2% for
the Company's Agency RMBS. The six-month average CPR for the period ended
December 31, 2011 for the Company's Agency RMBS could not be calculated due to
the age of the Company's loan pools. The three-month average and the  six-month average CPR for the periods ended December 31, 2011
were 14.3% and 13.9%, respectively, for the Company's non-Agency RMBS. The
non-Agency RMBS CPR includes both voluntary and involuntary amounts.
 
 - 62 -  
 

 
 Expenses  
       Advisory Fee Expense (Related Party) .
Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, during the period
from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's inception) to December 31, 2011,
the Advisor was paid an advisory fee equal to 1.5% per annum of the Company's
Net Asset Value (as defined in the Investment Advisory Agreement), calculated
and payable (in cash) quarterly in arrears. This fee (which was recorded as an
advisory fee expense - related party) totaled $0.4 million for the period from
July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's inception) to December 31, 2011.
 
       Professional
Fees . The Company incurred professional fees
of $0.4 million for the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company's
inception) to December 31, 2011, which primarily represents consulting fees and
insurance.  
       General and Administrative
Expenses . The Company incurred general and
administrative expenses of $0.1 million for the period from July 29, 2011 (the
date of the Company's inception) to December 31, 2011, which represents accrued
excise taxes.  
 Realized and Unrealized
Gain/(Loss)  
       During the period from July 29, 2011
(the date of the Company's inception) to December 31, 2011, the Company sold
certain of its RMBS and recognized a net loss of $1.5 million. During this
period, the Company's change in unrealized loss on its RMBS was $6.0 million due
to changes in the fair value of its RMBS.  
       The Company has not designated its
interest rate swaps as hedging instruments. As a result, the Company recorded
the change in estimated fair value related to interest rate swaps held during
the period in earnings as gain or loss on derivative instruments. Included in
gain or loss on derivative instruments are the net swap payments for the
derivative instruments.  
       The Company elected to record the
change in estimated fair value related to its RMBS in earnings by electing the
fair value option.  
       The following amounts related to
realized gains and losses, as well as changes in estimated fair value of the
Company's RMBS portfolio and derivative instruments, and are included in the
Company's consolidated statement of operations for the period from July 29, 2011
(the date of the Company's inception) to December 31, 2011:  
 

   
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
   
     Other gain/(loss) 
     
     
     
   
     Change in unrealized loss on real estate
      securities 
     $                        
     (5,960 
     ) 
   
     Realized loss on real
      estate securities 
       
     (1,482 
     ) 
   
     Loss on derivative instruments 
     
     (236 
     ) 
   
     Total other loss 
     $ 
     (7,678 
     ) 
 Factors Impacting Operating
Results 
       The Company held a diversified
portfolio of mortgage loans with a fair value of $331.8 million and RMBS assets
with a fair value of $226.2 million as of December 31, 2013, and RMBS assets
with a fair value of $170.7 million as of December 31, 2012. In addition, the
Company anticipates having available borrowing capacity from which it expects to
be able to acquire additional assets. The Company's operating results will be
impacted by the Company's actual available borrowing capacity.  
       The Company expects that the results
of its operations will also be affected by a number of other factors, including
the level of its net interest income, the fair value of its assets and the
supply of, and demand for, the target assets in which it may invest. The
Company's net interest income, which includes the amortization of purchase  premiums and accretion of purchase discounts, varies,
primarily as a result of changes in market interest rates and prepayment speeds,
as measured by CPR on the Company's target assets. Interest rates and prepayment
speeds vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the financial
markets, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any
certainty. The Company's operating results may also be impacted by credit losses
in excess of initial anticipations or unanticipated credit events experienced by
borrowers whose mortgage loans are held directly by the Company or included in
its non-Agency RMBS or in other assets it may originate or acquire in the
future.  
 - 63 -  
 

 
 Changes in Fair Value of the
Company's Assets  
       The
Company's mortgage loans and RMBS are carried at fair value and future
mortgage-related assets may also be carried at fair value. Accordingly, changes
in the fair value of the Company's assets may impact the results of its
operations for the period in which such change in value occurs. The expectation
of changes in real estate prices is a major determinant of the value of mortgage
loans and, therefore, of RMBS. This factor is beyond the Company's control. For
additional information relating to the determination of fair value, see
"—Determination of Fair Value and Market Value Measurement."  
 Changes in Market Interest Rates
 
       With respect to the Company's
business operations, increases in interest rates, in general, may, over time,
cause: (i) the interest expense associated with the Company's borrowings to
increase; (ii) the value of its fixed-rate portfolio to decline; (iii) coupons
on its ARMs and hybrid ARMs (including RMBS secured by such collateral) and on
its residential mortgage loans and other floating rate securities to reset,
although on a delayed basis, to higher interest rates; (iv) prepayments on its
residential mortgage loans and RMBS to slow, thereby slowing the amortization of
the Company's purchase premiums and the accretion of its purchase discounts; and
(v) the value of its interest rate swap agreements to increase. 
       Conversely, decreases in interest
rates, in general, may, over time, cause: (i) prepayments on the Company's
residential mortgage loans and RMBS to increase, thereby accelerating the
amortization of its purchase premiums and the accretion of its purchase
discounts; (ii) the interest expense associated with its borrowings to decrease;
(iii) the value of its fixed-rate portfolio to increase; (iv) the value of its
interest rate swap agreements to decrease; and (v) coupons on its ARMs and
hybrid ARMs (including RMBS secured by such collateral) and on its residential
mortgage loans and other floating rate securities to reset, although on a
delayed basis, to lower interest rates. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, 23.3%
and 19.1% of the Company's RMBS assets, respectively, as measured by fair value,
consisted of RMBS assets with a variable interest rate component, including ARMs
and hybrid ARMs. Additionally, as of December 31, 2013, 46.1% of the Company's
performing mortgage loan portfolio as measured by fair value consisted of
mortgage loans with a variable interest rate component, including ARMs and
hybrid ARMs.  
 Prepayment Speeds
 
       Prepayment speeds on residential
mortgage loans, and therefore, RMBS vary according to interest rates, the type
of investment, conditions in the financial markets, competition, defaults,
foreclosures and other factors that cannot be predicted with any certainty. In
general, when interest rates rise, it is relatively less attractive for
borrowers to refinance their mortgage loans and, as a result, prepayment speeds
tend to decrease. This can extend the period over which the Company earns
interest income. When interest rates fall, prepayment speeds on residential
mortgage loans, and therefore, RMBS tend to increase, thereby decreasing the
period over which the Company earns interest income. Additionally, other factors
such as the credit rating of the borrower, the rate of home price appreciation
or depreciation, financial market conditions, foreclosures and lender
competition, none of which can be predicted with any certainty, may affect
prepayment speeds on residential mortgage loans and RMBS. In particular, despite
the historically low interest rates, recent severe dislocations in the housing
market, including home price depreciation resulting in many borrowers owing more
on their mortgage loans than the values of their homes, have prevented many such
borrowers from refinancing their mortgage loans, which has impacted prepayment
rates and the value of RMBS assets. However, mortgage loan modification and
refinance programs or future legislative action may make refinancing mortgage
loans more accessible or attractive to such borrowers, which could cause the
rate of prepayments on residential mortgage loans and RMBS assets to accelerate.
For RMBS assets, higher prepayment rates would adversely affect the value of
such assets or cause the holder to incur  losses with
respect to such assets. For more information related to the Company's assets
trading at a premium to their par value as of December 31, 2013, see "—Results
of Operations—Investment Activity during the years ended, and as of, December
31, 2013 and 2012—Investments" and "—Results of Operations— Investment Activity
for the Period from July 29, 2011 (the Date of the Company's Inception) to
December 31, 2011—Investments." 
 
 - 64 -  
 

 
 Spreads on Non-Guaranteed
Mortgage Loans and Securities 
 
       Since the
financial crisis that began in 2007, the spreads between swap rates and
residential mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS have been volatile. Spreads on
these assets initially moved wider due to the difficult credit conditions and
have only recovered a portion of that widening. As the prices of securitized
assets declined, a number of investors and a number of structured investment
vehicles faced margin calls from dealers and were forced to sell assets in order
to reduce leverage. The price volatility of these assets also impacted lending
terms in the repurchase market, as counterparties raised margin requirements to
reflect the more difficult environment. The spread between the yield on the
Company's assets and its funding costs is an important factor in the performance
of this aspect of the Company's business. Wider spreads imply greater income on
new asset purchases but may have a negative impact on the Company's stated book
value. Wider spreads generally negatively impact asset prices. In an environment
where spreads are widening, counterparties may require additional collateral to
secure borrowings, which may require the Company to reduce leverage by selling
assets. Conversely, tighter spreads imply lower income on new asset purchases,
but may have a positive impact on the Company's stated book value. Tighter
spreads generally have a positive impact on asset prices. In this case, the
Company may be able to reduce the amount of collateral required to secure
borrowings.  
 Mortgage Extension Risk
 
       The Advisor computes the projected
weighted-average life of the Company's investments based on assumptions
regarding the rate at which the borrowers will prepay the underlying mortgages
and the rate at which defaults, foreclosures and recoveries will occur. In
general, when the Company originates or acquires a fixed-rate mortgage or hybrid
ARM asset, the Company may, but is not required to, enter into an interest rate
swap agreement or other hedging instrument that effectively fixes the Company's
borrowing costs for a period close to the anticipated average life of the
fixed-rate portion of the related assets. This strategy is designed to protect
the Company from rising interest rates, because the borrowing costs are
effectively fixed for the duration of the fixed-rate portion of the related
RMBS.  
       However, if prepayment rates
decrease in a rising interest rate environment, the life of the fixed-rate
portion of the related assets could extend beyond the term of the swap agreement
or other hedging instrument. This could have a negative impact on the Company's
consolidated results of operations, as borrowing costs would no longer be fixed
after the maturity or termination of hedging instruments while the income earned
on the assets would remain fixed. This situation may also cause the fair value
of the Company's assets to decline, with little or no offsetting gain from the
related hedging transactions. In extreme situations, the Company may be forced
to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause the Company to
incur losses.  
       In addition, the use of this swap
hedging strategy effectively limits increases in the Company's book value in a
declining rate environment, due to the effectively fixed nature of the Company's
hedged borrowing costs. In an extreme rate decline, prepayment rates on the
Company's assets might actually result in certain of its assets being fully paid
off while the corresponding swap or other hedge instrument remains outstanding.
In such a situation, the Company may be forced to liquidate the swap or other
hedge instrument at a level that causes it to incur a loss.  
 Credit Risk  
       The Company is subject to credit
risk in connection with its investments. Although the Company does not expect to
encounter credit risk in its Agency RMBS, it does expect to encounter credit
risk related to its non-Agency RMBS, mortgage loans and other target assets,
including assets it may originate or acquire in the future. Increases in
defaults and delinquencies will adversely impact the Company's operating
results, while declines in rates of default and delinquencies may improve the
Company's operating results from this aspect of its business.  
 - 65 -  
 

 
 Size of Investment Portfolio
 
       The size
of the Company's investment portfolio, as measured by the aggregate principal
balance of its mortgage-related securities and the other assets the Company
owns, is a key revenue driver. Generally, as the size of the Company's
investment portfolio grows, the amount of interest income the Company receives
increases. A larger investment portfolio, however, drives increased expenses, as
the Company incurs additional interest expense to finance the purchase of its
assets.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use
of Estimates 
 Basis of Presentation
 
       The Company's financial statements
are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the use of estimates
and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions
as to future uncertainties. The Company's most critical accounting policies
involve decisions and assessments that affect its reported assets and
liabilities, as well as its reported revenues and expenses. The Company believes
that all of the decisions and assessments upon which its financial statements
will be based will be reasonable at the time made and based upon information
available to it at that time. The Company's critical accounting policies and
accounting estimates may be expanded over time as the Company fully implements
its strategy. Those accounting policies and estimates that the Company expects
to be most critical to an investor's understanding of its financial results and
condition are discussed below:  
 Mortgage Loans and Real Estate
Securities—Fair Value Election  
       U.S. GAAP permits entities to choose
to measure certain eligible financial instruments at fair value. The Company has
elected the fair value option for each of its mortgage loans and real estate
securities, at the date of purchase, including those securities contributed in
connection with the Company's initial formation transaction. The fair value
option election is irrevocable and requires the Company to measure these
mortgage loans and real estate securities at estimated fair value with the
change in estimated fair value recognized in earnings. The Company has
established a policy for these assets to separate interest income from the full
change in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations. The interest
income component is presented as interest income on mortgage loans and interest
income on real estate securities and the remainder of the change in fair value
is presented separately as change in unrealized gain or loss on mortgage loans
and change in unrealized gain or loss on real estate securities, respectively,
in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.  
 Determination of Fair Value
Measurement  
       The "Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures" Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value, and requires certain disclosures about fair
value measurements under U.S. GAAP. Specifically, this guidance defines fair
value based on exit price, or the price that would be received upon the sale of
an asset or the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.  
       Fair value under U.S. GAAP
represents an exit price in the normal course of business, not a forced
liquidation price. If the Company were forced to sell assets in a short period
to meet liquidity needs, the prices it receives could be substantially less than
their recorded fair values. Furthermore, the analysis of whether it is more
likely than not that the Company will be required to sell securities in an
unrealized loss position prior to an expected recovery in value (if any), the
amount of such expected required sales, and the projected identification of
which securities would be sold is also subject to significant judgment.
 
       Changes to the valuation methodology
will be reviewed by the Advisor to ensure the changes are appropriate. The fair
value methodology may produce a fair value calculation that may not be
indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values.
Furthermore, the Company anticipates the valuation methods will be appropriate
and consistent with other market participants, the use of different
methodologies, or assumptions, to determine the fair value of certain financial
instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting
date.  
 - 66 -  
 

 
       The
Company categorizes its financial instruments in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique, into a
three-level fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). If the
inputs used to measure the financial instruments fall within different levels of
the hierarchy, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.  
       Financial assets and liabilities
recorded on the Company's consolidated balance sheet are categorized based on
the inputs to the valuation techniques as follows:  
       Level 1 – Quoted prices for
identical assets or liabilities in an active market. 
       Level 2 – Financial assets and
liabilities whose values are based on the following: 
 Quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in active markets.  
 Quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in nonactive markets.  
 Pricing models whose inputs are
observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.
 
 Pricing models whose inputs are
derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the asset or liability.  
       Level 3 –
Prices or valuation techniques based on inputs that are both unobservable and
significant to the overall fair value measurement.  
       The Company may use valuation
techniques consistent with the market and income approaches to measure the fair
value of its assets and liabilities. The market approach uses prices and other
relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or
comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques
to convert future projected cash flows to a single discounted present value
amount. When applying either approach, the Company maximizes the use of
observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The Company's
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value
measurement in its entirety requires significant judgment and considers factors
specific to the investment. The Company utilizes proprietary modeling analysis
to support the independent third party broker quotes selected to determine the
fair value of investments and derivative instruments.  
       The following is a description of
the valuation techniques used to measure fair value and the general
classification of these instruments pursuant to the fair value hierarchy.
 
 Mortgage Loans 
       The fair value of the Company's
mortgage loans considers data such as loan origination information and
additional updated borrower and loan servicing data, as available, forward
interest rates, general economic conditions, home price index forecasts and
valuations of the underlying properties. The variables considered most
significant to the determination of the fair value of the Company's mortgage
loans include market-implied discount rates, projections of default rates,
delinquency rates, loss severity (considering mortgage insurance) and prepayment
rates. The Company uses loan level data, macro-economic inputs and forward
interest rates to generate loss adjusted cash flows and other information in
determining the fair value of its mortgage loans. Because of the inherent
uncertainty of such valuation, the fair values established for mortgage loans
held by the Company may differ from the fair values that would have been
established if a ready market existed for these mortgage loans. Accordingly,
mortgage loans are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
 
       At December 31, 2013, approximately
11.6% in unpaid principal balance of the Company's mortgage loans carries
mortgage insurance and there are no foreclosures or claims outstanding against
mortgage insurers.  
 - 67 -  
 

 
 Real Estate Securities
 
       The fair
value of the Company's RMBS considers the underlying characteristics of each
security including coupon, maturity date and collateral. The Company estimates
the fair value of its RMBS based upon a combination of observable prices in
active markets, multiple indicative quotes from brokers, and executable bids. In
evaluating broker quotes the Company also considers additional observable market
data points including recent observed trading activity for identical and similar
securities, back-testing, broker challenges and other interactions with market
participants, as well as yield levels generated by model-based valuation
techniques. In the absence of observable quotes, the Company utilizes
model-based valuation techniques that may contain unobservable valuation inputs.
 
       When available, the fair value of
RMBS is based on quoted prices in active markets. If quoted prices are not
available, fair values are obtained from either broker quotes, observed traded
levels or model-based valuation techniques using observable inputs such as
benchmark yields or issuer spreads. 
       While the Company's non-Agency RMBS
are valued using the same process with similar inputs as the Agency RMBS, a
significant amount of inputs are unobservable due to relatively low levels of
market activity. The fair value of these securities is typically based on broker
quotes or the Company's model-based valuation. Accordingly, the Company's
non-Agency RMBS are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Model-based valuation consists primarily of discounted cash flow and yield
analyses. Significant model inputs and assumptions include market-implied
discount rates, default rates, expected loss severity, weighted average life,
collateral composition, borrower characteristics and prepayment rates, and may
also include general economic conditions, home price index forecasts, servicing
data and other relevant information. Where possible, collateral-related
assumptions are determined on an individual loan level.  
       The Company's Agency RMBS are valued
using the market data described above, which includes inputs determined to be
observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. Accordingly,
Agency RMBS securities are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
 
 Derivative Instruments
 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements
 
       An interest rate swap is an
agreement between the Company and a counterparty to exchange periodic interest
payments where one party to the contract makes a fixed rate payment in exchange
for a floating rate payment from the other party. Interest rate swap agreements
are valued using counterparty valuations. The Company utilizes proprietary
modeling analysis or industry standard third party analytics to support the
counterparty valuations. These counterparty valuations are generally based on
models with market observable inputs such as interest rates and contractual cash
flows, and, as such, are classified as Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. The
Company's interest rate swap agreements are governed by International Swap and
Derivative Association trading agreements, which are separately negotiated
agreements with dealer counterparties. As of December 31, 2013 and December 31,
2012, no credit valuation adjustment was made in determining the fair value of
derivatives.  
 TBA Securities  
       A TBA security is a forward contract
for the purchase of Agency RMBS at a predetermined price with a stated face
amount, coupon and stated maturity at an agreed upon future date. The specific
Agency RMBS delivered into the contract upon the settlement date, published each
month by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA"),
are not known at the time of the transaction. The Company estimates the fair
value of TBA securities based on independent third party closing levels.
Accordingly, TBAs are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
 
 Interest Income Recognition and
Impairment—Mortgage Loans  
       Pursuant to the Company’s policy for
separately presenting interest income on mortgage loans, the Company follows
acceptable methods under U.S. GAAP for allocating a portion of the change in
fair value of mortgage loans to interest income on mortgage loans.  
 - 68 -  
 
 
 
       When the
Company purchases mortgage loans that have shown evidence of credit
deterioration since origination and management determines that it is probable
the Company will not collect all contractual cash flows on those assets, the
Company will apply the guidance that addresses accounting for differences
between contractual cash flows and cash flows expected to be collected if those
differences are attributable to, at least in part, credit quality.  
     
 Interest income will be recognized on a level-yield basis over the life
of the loan as long as cash flows can be reasonably estimated. The level-yield
is determined by the excess of the Company's initial estimate of undiscounted
expected principal, interest, and other cash flows (cash flows expected at
acquisition to be collected) over the Company's initial investment in the
mortgage loan (accretable yield). The amount of interest income to be recognized
cannot result in a carrying amount that exceeds the payoff amount of the loan.
The excess of contractual cash flows over cash flows expected to be collected
(nonaccretable difference) will not be recognized as an adjustment of yield.
 
     
 On a quarterly basis, the Company updates its estimate of the cash flows
expected to be collected. For purposes of interest income recognition, any
subsequent increases in cash flows expected to be collected are generally
recognized as prospective yield adjustments (which establishes a new level
yield) and any subsequent decreases in cash flows expected to be collected are
recognized as an impairment to be recorded through change in unrealized gain or
loss on mortgage loans on the consolidated statement of operations.  
     
 Income recognition is suspended for a loan when cash flows cannot be
reasonably estimated.  
 Interest Income Recognition and
Impairment—RMBS  
     
 Pursuant to the Company’s policy for separately presenting interest
income on real estate securities, the Company follows acceptable methods under
U.S. GAAP for allocating a portion of the change in fair value of real estate
securities to interest income on real estate securities.  
     
 Interest income on Agency RMBS is accrued based on the outstanding
principal balance and contractual terms. Premiums and discounts associated with
Agency RMBS at the time of purchase are amortized into interest income over the
life of such securities using the effective yield method and adjusted for actual
prepayments. 
     
 Interest income on the non-Agency RMBS that were purchased at a discount
to par value and/or were rated below AA at the time of purchase is recognized
based on the effective yield method in accordance with ASC 325-40 "Beneficial
Interests in Securitized Financial Assets". The effective yield on these
securities is based on the projected cash flows from each security, which are
estimated based on the Company's observation of current information and events
and include assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and the
timing and amount of credit losses. On a monthly basis, the Company reviews and,
if appropriate, makes adjustments to its cash flow projections based on input
and analysis received from external sources, internal models, and its judgment
about interest rates, prepayment rates, the timing and amount of credit losses,
and other factors. Changes in cash flows from those originally projected, or
from those estimated at the last evaluation, may result in a prospective change
in the yield/interest income recognized on such securities. Actual maturities of
the securities are affected by the contractual lives of the associated mortgage
collateral, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal.
Therefore, the actual maturities of the securities are generally shorter than
stated contractual maturities.  
     
 Interest income is recorded as interest income on real estate securities
in the consolidated statements of operations.  
     
 Based on the projected cash flows from the Company's non-Agency RMBS
purchased at a discount to par value, a portion of the purchase discount may be
designated as credit protection against future credit losses and, therefore, not
accreted into interest income. The amount designated as credit discount is
determined and may be adjusted over time, based on the actual performance of the
security, its underlying collateral, actual and projected cash flow from such
collateral, economic conditions and other factors. If the performance of a
security with a credit discount is more favorable than forecasted, a portion of
the amount designated as credit discount may be accreted into interest income
prospectively.  
 - 69 - 
 

 
       RMBS are
evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment ("OTTI") each quarter. A security
where the fair value is less than amortized cost is considered impaired.
Impairment of a security is considered to be other-than-temporary when: (i) the
holder has the intent to sell the impaired security; (ii) it is more likely than
not the holder will be required to sell the security; or (iii) the holder does
not expect to recover the entire amortized cost of the security. When a security
has been deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the amount of OTTI is
bifurcated into: (i) the amount related to expected credit losses; and (ii) the
amount related to fair value adjustments in excess of expected credit losses.
The portion of OTTI related to expected credit losses is recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations as a realized loss. The remaining OTTI
related to the valuation adjustment is recognized as a component of unrealized
loss in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recognized $1.1
million and $0.2 million in OTTI for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively. Realized gains and losses on sale of RMBS are determined
using the specific identification method. RMBS transactions are recorded on the
trade date.  
 Variable Interest Entities
 
     
 A variable interest entity ("VIE") is an entity that lacks one or more of
the characteristics of a voting interest entity. The Company evaluates each of
its investments to determine if each is a VIE based on: (i) the sufficiency of
the entity's equity investment at risk to finance its activities without
additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, including the
equity holders; (ii) whether as a group the holders of the equity investment at
risk have (a) the power, through voting rights or similar rights, to direct the
activities of a legal entity that most significantly impact the entity's
economic performance, (b) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the
legal entity and (c) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the
legal entity; and (iii) whether the voting rights of these investors are
proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity or
their rights to receive the expected returns of their equity, or both, and
whether substantially all of the entity's activities involve or are conducted on
behalf of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights. An
investment that lacks one or more of the above three characteristics is
considered to be a VIE. The Company reassesses its initial evaluation of an
entity as a VIE upon the occurrence of certain reconsideration events.
 
     
 A VIE is subject to consolidation if the equity investors either do not
have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without
additional subordinated financial support, are unable to direct the entity's
activities, or are not exposed to the entity's losses or entitled to its
residual returns. VIEs are required to be consolidated by their primary
beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is determined to be the party that
has both the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the
VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive
benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. This
determination can sometimes involve complex and subjective analyses.  
     
 The Company has evaluated its real estate securities investments to
determine if each represents a variable interest in a VIE. The Company monitors
these investments and analyzes them for potential consolidation. The Company's
real estate securities investments represent variable interests in VIEs. At
December 31, 2013 and 2012, no VIEs required consolidation as the Company was
not the primary beneficiary of any of these VIEs. At December 31, 2013 and 2012,
the maximum exposure of the Company to VIEs is limited to the fair value of its
investments in real estate securities as disclosed in the consolidated balance
sheets.  
 Repurchase Agreements
 
     
 The borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its portfolio
totaled approximately $374.7 million as of December 31, 2013 under the Loan
Repurchase Facility as well as master securities repurchase agreements with four
counterparties. The Company is also in discussions with other financial
institutions to provide it with additional borrowing capacity under various
agreements including repurchase agreements and other types of financing
arrangements. Repurchase agreements are treated as collateralized financing
transactions and are carried at their contractual amounts, including accrued
interest, as specified in the respective agreements. Repurchase agreements are
recorded on trade date at the contract amount.  
     
 The Company pledges cash and certain of its assets as collateral under
these repurchase arrangements. The amounts available to be borrowed are
dependent upon the fair value of the assets pledged as collateral, which
fluctuates with changes in interest rates, type of security and liquidity
conditions within the banking, mortgage finance and real estate industries. In
response to declines in fair value of pledged assets, the lenders may require
the Company to post additional collateral or pay down borrowings to re-establish
agreed upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin calls. As of December
31, 2013, the Company had met all margin call requirements.  
 - 70 - 
 

 
 Derivative Instruments
 
       Derivative
instruments are valued using counterparty valuations. These valuations are
generally based on models with market observable inputs such as interest rates
and contractual cash flows, and as such, are classified as Level 2 in the fair
value hierarchy. The Company reviews these valuations, including considerations
of counterparty risk and collateral provisions.  
 Derivatives and Hedging
Activities  
     
 The Company accounts for its derivative financial instruments in
accordance with derivative accounting guidance, which requires an entity to
recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities on its balance sheet
and to measure those instruments at fair value. The Company has not designated
any of its derivative contracts as hedging instruments for accounting purposes.
As a result, changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded through
current period earnings.  
     
 The Company's derivative contracts contain provisions that allow for the
netting or setting off of all individual swap receivables and payables with the
counterparty and, therefore, the fair value of those swap contracts are netted.
The credit support annex provisions of the Company's interest rate swap
contracts allow the parties to mitigate their credit risk by requiring the party
which is out of the money to post collateral. At December 31, 2013, all
collateral provided under these contracts consists of cash collateral.
 
 8% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due
2016  
     
 On November 25, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued $57.5 million
aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. The Exchangeable
Senior Notes are carried at amortized cost. Interest expense on the Exchangeable
Senior Notes is computed using the effective interest method. The conversion
features of the Exchangeable Senior Notes are deemed to be an embedded
derivative. Accordingly, the Company is required to bifurcate the embedded
derivative related to the conversion features of the Exchangeable Senior Notes.
The Company recognized the embedded derivative as a liability on its balance
sheet at December 31, 2013, measures it at its estimated fair value and
recognizes changes in its estimated fair value in gain/(loss) on derivative
instruments in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.  
 Income Taxes  
     
 The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2011. To qualify as a
REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational and operational requirements,
including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of its annual REIT taxable
income to its stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends
paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net
income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP). As a REIT, the Company will
not be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income that it distributes
to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable
year, it will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular
corporate income tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for
treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years
following the year during which qualification is lost unless the Internal
Revenue Service grants the Company relief under certain statutory provisions.
Such an event could materially adversely affect the Company's net income and net
cash available for distribution to stockholders.  
     
 The Company evaluates uncertain income tax positions when applicable.
Based upon its analysis of income tax positions, the Company concluded that it
does not have any uncertain tax positions that meet the recognition or
measurement criteria as of either December 31, 2013 or December 31, 2012.
 
     
 The Company has elected to treat two of its subsidiaries, ZAIS I TRS and
ZFC Trust TRS, as TRSs. The Company may perform certain activities through these
TRSs that could adversely impact the Company's REIT qualification if performed
other than through a TRS. Earnings from activities conducted through the TRSs
are subject to federal and state income taxes irrespective of the dividends-paid
deduction available to REITs for federal income tax purposes. In addition, for
the Company to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, the Company's total
investment in all TRSs may not exceed 25% of the value of the total assets of
Company determined for federal income tax purposes.  
 - 71 - 
 

 
       For the year
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have any significant
activity in the TRSs. No provision for federal income taxes has been made in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements, as the TRSs did not generate
taxable income for the periods presented.  
 Accounting Standards Applicable
To Emerging Growth Companies  
     
 The JOBS Act contains provisions that relax certain requirements for
"emerging growth companies," which includes the Company. The Company is an
"emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act and may remain an emerging
growth company for up to five full fiscal years. Unlike other public companies,
for as long as the Company is an emerging growth company, the Company will not
be required to (i) comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards
applicable to public companies until such standards are also applicable to
private companies under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, (ii) provide an
auditor's attestation report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (iii) comply with any new requirements adopted by the
PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's
report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information
about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer, or (iv) comply with
any new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012 unless the SEC
determines otherwise. The Company has irrevocably opted-out of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for
complying with new or revised accounting standards. As a result, the Company
will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the same time frames as
other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies."  
 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 
     
 In January 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-04: Reclassification of
Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure
("ASU 2014-04"), to reduce diversity in practice by clarifying when an in
substance repossession or foreclosure has occurred and when a creditor should
derecognize the associated loan receivable and recognize the real estate
property. ASU 2014-04 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2014. Adoption of ASU 2014-04 is not
expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.  
 Liquidity and Capital
Resources 
     
 Liquidity is a measure of the Company's ability to turn non-cash assets
into cash and to meet potential cash requirements. The Company uses significant
cash to purchase assets, pay dividends, repay principal and interest on its
borrowings, fund its operations and meet other general business needs. The
Company's primary sources of liquidity are its existing cash balances,
borrowings under the Loan Repurchase Facility and under its securities
repurchase agreements, the net proceeds of offerings of equity and debt
securities and notes issued by the Operating Partnership and net cash provided
by operating activities, private funding sources, including other borrowings
structured as repurchase agreements, securitizations, term financings and
derivative agreements, and future issuances of common equity, preferred equity,
convertible securities, exchangeable notes, trust preferred and/or debt
securities. The Company does not currently have any committed borrowing
capacity, other than pursuant to the Loan Repurchase Facility and securities
repurchase agreements discussed below.  
     
 The borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its mortgage loan
portfolio and its RMBS portfolio totaled approximately $236.1 million and $138.6
million, respectively, as of December 31, 2013 under the Loan Repurchase
Facility and under master securities repurchase agreements with four real estate
securities repurchase agreement counterparties. Additionally, $57,500,000
aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes were outstanding as
of December 31, 2013. The Company is also in discussions with other financial
institutions to provide it with additional borrowing capacity under various
agreements including repurchase agreements and other types of financing
arrangements.  
     
 As of December 31, 2013, the Company had a total of $331.5 million in
fair value of trust certificates representing interests in residential mortgage
loans (the "Trust Certificates") pledged against its borrowings under the Loan
Repurchase Facility and $183.7 million in fair value of RMBS pledged against its
securities repurchase agreement borrowings.  
 - 72 - 
 

 
       Under the Loan
Repurchase Facility and securities repurchase agreements, the Company may be
required to pledge additional assets to its counterparties (lenders) in the
event that the estimated fair value of the existing pledged collateral under
such agreements declines and such lenders demand additional collateral, which
may take the form of additional securities or cash. Generally, the Company's
Loan Repurchase Facility and securities repurchase agreements contain a
LIBOR-based financing rate, term and haircuts depending on the types of
collateral and the counterparties involved. Further, as of December 31, 2013,
the range of haircut provisions associated with the Company's repurchase
agreements was between 27% and 29% for fully pledged Trust Certificates and was
between 15% and 40% for fully pledged non-Agency RMBS. For additional
information about the Loan Repurchase Facility, see Note 6 of the consolidated
financial statements.  
     
 If the estimated fair value of the assets increases due to changes in
market interest rates or market factors, lenders may release collateral back to
the Company. Specifically, margin calls may result from a decline in the value
of the investments securing the Company's Loan Repurchase Facility and
securities repurchase agreements, prepayments on the mortgages securing such
investments and from changes in the estimated fair value of such investments
generally due to principal reduction of such investments from scheduled
amortization and resulting from changes in market interest rates and other
market factors. Counterparties also may choose to increase haircuts based on
credit evaluations of the Company and/or the performance of the assets in
question. The recent disruptions in the financial and credit markets have
resulted in increased volatility in these levels, and this volatility could
persist as market conditions continue to change rapidly. Should prepayment
speeds on the mortgages underlying the Company's investments or market interest
rates suddenly increase, margin calls on the Company's Loan Repurchase Facility
and securities repurchase agreements could result, causing an adverse change in
its liquidity position. To date, the Company has satisfied all of its margin
calls and has never sold assets in response to any margin call under these
borrowings.  
     
 The Loan Repurchase Facility is committed for a period of 364 days from
its May 30, 2013 inception. The obligations under this facility are fully
guaranteed by the Company.  
     
 The Company's borrowings under repurchase agreements are renewable at the
discretion of its lenders and, as such, the Company's ability to roll-over such
borrowings is not guaranteed. The terms of the repurchase transaction borrowings
under the Company's repurchase agreements generally conform to the terms in the
standard master repurchase agreement as published by SIFMA, as to repayment,
margin requirements and the segregation of all assets the Company has initially
sold under the repurchase transaction. In addition, each lender typically
requires that the Company include supplemental terms and conditions to the
standard master repurchase agreement. Typical supplemental terms and conditions,
which differ by lender, may include changes to the margin maintenance
requirements, required haircuts and purchase price maintenance requirements,
requirements that all controversies related to the repurchase agreement be
litigated in a particular jurisdiction, and cross default and setoff provisions.
 
     
 As of December 31, 2013, the Company had a leverage ratio of 2.42x.
 
     
 The Company maintains cash, unpledged mortgage loans and non-Agency RMBS
(which may be subject to various haircuts if pledged as collateral to meet
margin requirements) and collateral in excess of margin requirements held by the
Company's counterparties (collectively, the "Cushion") to meet routine margin
calls and protect against unforeseen reductions in the Company's borrowing
capabilities. The Company's ability to meet future margin calls will be impacted
by the Cushion, which varies based on the fair value of its securities, its cash
position and margin requirements. The Company's cash position fluctuates based
on the timing of its operating, investing and financing activities and is
managed based on the Company's anticipated cash needs. As of December 31, 2013,
the Company had a Cushion of $94.3 million in addition to certain reserves held
with respect to the Loan Repurchase Facility.  
     
 As of December 31, 2013, the Company had a total of $2.1 million of
restricted cash pledged against its swaps and repurchase agreements.  
 - 73 - 
 

 
     
 On November 25, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued the Exchangeable
Senior Notes, which may be exchanged for shares of the Company's common stock
or, to the extent necessary to satisfy NYSE listing requirements, cash, at the
applicable exchange rate at any time prior to the close of business on the
scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date. The Company may not elect to
issue shares of common stock upon exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes to
the extent such election would result in the issuance of 20% or more of the
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes (or more than 1,779,560 shares of common stock) until the Company
receives stockholder approval for issuances above this threshold. The initial
exchange rate for each $1,000 aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes was 52.5417 shares of common stock, equivalent to an exchange price
of approximately $19.03 per share, representing an approximately 15% premium to
the last reported sale price of the common stock on November 19, 2013 (the date
of the initial sale of the Exchangeable Senior Notes), which was $16.55 per
share. The exchange rate will be subject to adjustment for certain events,
including for regular quarterly dividends in excess of $0.50 per share, but will
not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, if certain
corporate events occur prior to the maturity date, the exchange rate will be
increased but will in no event exceed 60.4229 shares of common stock per $1,000
principal amount of 2016 Exchangeable Notes. The exchange rate was adjusted on
December 27, 2013 to 54.3103 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount
of Exchangeable Senior Notes pursuant to the Company’s special dividend of $0.55
per common share and OP unit declared on December 19, 2013. Pursuant to a
registration rights agreement, the Company agreed to file with the SEC within
120 days from the issue date, and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to
cause to become effective within 180 days, a shelf registration statement with
respect to the resales of the Company's common stock that may be issued upon
exchange of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. If the Company fails to comply with
certain of its obligations under the registration rights agreement, the Company
will be required to pay liquidated damages to holders of the Exchangeable Senior
Notes. The Company will increase the exchange rate by 3% for holders that
exchange the Exchangeable Senior Notes when there exists a registration default
with respect to shares of the Company's common stock. For additional information
related to the Exchangeable Senior Notes, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements—8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016". 
       The Company
believes these identified sources of liquidity will be adequate for purposes of
meeting its short-term (within one year) liquidity and long-term liquidity
needs. However, the Company's ability to meet its long-term liquidity and
capital resource requirements may require additional financing. The Company's
short-term and long-term liquidity needs include funding future investments and
operating costs. In addition, to qualify as a REIT, the Company must distribute
annually at least 90% of its net taxable income, excluding net capital gains.
These distribution requirements limit the Company's ability to retain earnings
and thereby replenish or increase capital for operations.  
     
 The Company's current policy is to pay quarterly distributions which will
allow it to qualify as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on its undistributed income. Taxable and GAAP earnings will typically
differ due to differences in premium amortization and discount accretion,
certain non-taxable unrealized and realized gains and losses, and non-deductible
general and administrative expenses.  
 Cash Generated from Operating
Activities  
     
 The Company's operating activities provided net cash of $8.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013. The cash provided by operating activities is
primarily a result of income earned on the Company's assets, partially offset by
interest expense on repurchase agreements and operating expenses.  
     
 The Company's operating activities provided net cash of $2.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2012. The cash provided by operating activities is
primarily a result of income earned on the Company’s assets, offset by interest
expense on securities repurchase agreements, operating expenses and interest
cost of $1.8 million which is primarily due to dividends paid on 515,035 shares
of common stock, which were reported as a common stock repurchase liability at
December 31, 2012.  
     
 The Company’s operating activities provided net cash of $1.7 million for
the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company’s inception) to December
31, 2011. The cash provided by operating activities is primarily a result of
income earned on the Company’s assets partially reduced by interest expense on
securities repurchase agreements and operating expenses.  
 - 74 - 
 

 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities
 
       The Company's
investing activities used net cash of $386.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2013. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company utilized cash to
purchase $334.2 million in mortgage loans and $406.3 million in RMBS (net of
changes in amounts payable for real estate securities purchased), which was
offset by principal repayments on mortgage loans of $13.9 million, principal
repayments on real estate securities of $46.8 million, proceeds from the sale of
real estate securities of $291.3 million (net of changes in amounts receivable
for real estate securities sold) and a decrease in restricted cash of $1.6
million in connection with swap, TBAs and repurchase agreements.  
     
 The Company’s investing activities used net cash of $8.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the
Company utilized cash to purchase $104.3 million in RMBS and increased
restricted cash by $2.1 million in connection with swap agreements, which was
offset by proceeds from the sale of real estate securities of $74.2 million and
principal repayments on real estate securities of $23.3 million.  
     
 The Company’s investing activities used net cash of $96.0 million for the
period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company’s inception) to December 31,
2011. During the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company’s inception)
to December 31, 2011, the Company utilized cash to purchase $107.2 million in
RMBS, and $1.7 million became restricted cash in connection with swap
agreements, which was offset by proceeds from the sale of real estate securities
of $7.2 million and principal repayments of $5.7 million.  
 Cash Generated from Financing
Activities  
     
 The Company's financing activities provided cash of $416.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013, which was a result of net borrowings from the
Loan Repurchase Facility of $236.1 million, net proceeds from the issuance of
common stock of $118.9 million, net proceeds from the issuance of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes of $55.8 million and borrowings from real estate
securities repurchase agreements of $366.1 million, offset by repayments of real
estate securities repurchase agreements of $343.6 million, the payment of
dividends and distributions on common stock and OP units of $10.4 million,
repurchases of common stock of $5.8 million and other items.  
     
 The Company’s financing activities provided cash of $19.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 2012, which was a result of net proceeds from the
issuance of common stock, OP units and preferred stock of $25.3 million and
borrowings from securities repurchase agreements of $79.1 million, offset by
repayments of real estate securities, securities repurchase agreements of $60.6
million, repurchases of common stock of $14.2 million and dividend payments of
$10.6 million paid to the holders of common stock, OP units and preferred stock.
 
     
 The Company’s financing activities provided cash of $100.6 million from
the period from July 29, 2011 (the date of the Company’s inception) to December
31, 2011, which was the result of borrowings from real estate securities
repurchase agreements of $108.0 million and cash received pursuant to the
Company’s formation transactions of $3.0 million offset by repayments of
securities repurchase agreements of $10.4 million.  
 Contractual Obligations
 
     
 The Company has entered into an Investment Advisory Agreement with the
Advisor. The Advisor is entitled to receive a quarterly advisory fee and the
reimbursement of certain expenses; however, those obligations do not have fixed
and determinable payments. Additionally, as discussed above under "Liquidity and
Capital Resources," the borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its
portfolio totaled approximately $374.7 million as of December 31, 2013 under
master repurchase agreements with four real estate securities repurchase
agreement counterparties and under the Loan Repurchase Facility with another
counterparty. These borrowings were all due within one year.  
     
 The following table presents contractual obligations and commitments as
of December 31, 2013:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     Less than 1 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     More than 
   
     Contractual
      Obligations 
           
     Total 
           
     year 
           
     1-3 years 
           
     3-5 years 
           
     5 years 
   
     
     
     (dollars in thousands) 
   
     Loan repurchase facility 
     
     $       
     236,059 
     
     $       
     236,059 
     
     $       
     - 
     
     $ 
     - 
     
     $ 
     - 
   
     Interest on loan repurchase facility (1) 
     
     
     249 
     
     
     249 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
   
     Repurchase agreements 
     
     
     138,592 
     
     
     138,592 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
   
     Interest on securities repurchase
agreements (1) 
     
     
     152 
     
     
     152 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
   
     Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     57,500 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     57,500 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
   
     Interest on Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     13,685 
     
     
     4,485 
     
     
     9,200 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     - 
   
       
   
     Total 
     
     $ 
     446,237 
     
     $ 
     379,537 
     
     $ 
     66,700 
     
     $
       
     - 
     
     $
       
     - ____________________ 
     
     

   
     
       (1) 
             
     
       Interest is
      calculated based on the interest rate in effect at December 31, 2013 and
      includes all interest expense incurred and expected to be incurred in the
      future through the contractual maturity of the associated repurchase
      agreement. 


 - 75 - 
 

 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
 
       As of the date
of this annual report on Form 10-K, the Company had no off-balance sheet
arrangements.  
 Inflation  
     
 Virtually all of the Company's assets and liabilities are and will be
interest rate sensitive in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors
influence the Company's performance far more so than does inflation. Changes in
interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or changes in
inflation rates. The Company's financial statements are prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP and the Company's activities and balance sheet shall be measured
with reference to historical cost and/or fair value without considering
inflation.  
 Non-GAAP Financial
Measures 
     
 Core Earnings is a non-GAAP measure that the Company defines as GAAP net
income, excluding changes in unrealized gains or losses on real estate
securities and mortgage loans, realized gains or losses on real estate
securities and mortgage loans, gains or losses on derivative instruments, and
certain non-recurring adjustments.  
     
 The Company believes that providing investors with this non-GAAP
financial information, in addition to the related GAAP measures, gives investors
greater transparency to the information used by management in its financial and
operational decision-making. However, because Core Earnings is an incomplete
measure of the Company's financial performance and involves differences from net
income computed in accordance with GAAP, it should be considered along with, but
not as an alternative to, the Company's net income computed in accordance with
GAAP as a measure of the Company's financial performance. In addition, because
not all companies use identical calculations, the Company's presentation of Core
Earnings may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures of other
companies.  
     
 The following table reconciles net income computed in accordance with
GAAP to Core Earnings:  
 

   
     
     
     Year Ended December 31, 
   
     
           
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
   
     
     
     ( dollars in
      thousands, except per 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     share
      data ) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Net income/(loss) –
      GAAP 
     
     $                                         
       
     7,553 
     
     
     $       
     20,266 
     
     
     $       
     (5,134 
     ) 
   
     Recurring adjustments
      for non-core earnings : 
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain
      or loss on mortgage loans 
     
     
     (7,136 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain or loss on real
      estate securities 
     
     
     7,171 
     
     
     
     (17,793 
     ) 
     
     
     5,960 
     
   
     Realized (gain) on
      mortgage loans 
     
     
     (1,299 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Realized loss on real estate
      securities 
     
     
     9,046 
     
     
     
     186 
     
     
     
     1,482 
     
   
     (Gain)/loss on derivative
      instruments 
     
     
     (5,615 
     ) 
     
     
     1,171 
     
     
     
     236 
     
   
     One time adjustments for non-core
      earnings: 
     
     
     9,720 
     
     
     
     3,830 
     
     
     
     2,544 
     
   
     Common stock repurchase
      liability 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     1,827 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Core Earnings -
      non-GAAP 
     
     $ 
     9,720 
     
     
     $ 
     5,657 
     
     
     $ 
     2,544 
     
   
     Core Earnings - per weighted average share outstanding –
      non-GAAP 
     
     $ 
     1.16 
     
     
     $ 
     2.04 
     
     
     $ 
     0.84 
     
 Item 7A. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
     
 The primary components of the Company's market risk are related to
interest rate risk, prepayment risk, credit risk and fair value risk. While the
Company does not seek to avoid risk completely, the Company believes that risk
can be quantified from historical experience and the Company will seek to
actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking
risk and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks the Company
undertakes.  
 - 76 - 
 

 
 Interest Rate Risk  
       Interest rate
risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and
tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations
and other factors beyond the Company's control.  
     
 The Company is subject to interest rate risk in connection with any
floating or inverse floating rate investments and its repurchase agreements. The
Company's repurchase agreements may be of limited duration and are periodically
refinanced at current market rates. The Company intends to manage this risk
using interest rate derivative agreements. These instruments are intended to
serve as a hedge against future interest rate increases on the Company's
borrowings. The Company primarily assesses its interest rate risk by estimating
and managing the duration of its assets relative to the duration of its
liabilities. Duration measures the change in the fair value of an asset based on
a change in an interest rate. The Company generally calculates duration using
various financial models and empirical data. Different models and methodologies
can produce different duration numbers for the same securities.  
     
 The borrowings the Company used to fund the purchase of its portfolio
totaled approximately $374.7 million as of December 31, 2013 under RMBS master
securities repurchase agreements with four counterparties and under the Loan
Repurchase Facility. The Company is also in discussions with other financial
institutions to provide it with additional borrowing capacity under various
agreements including repurchase agreements and other types of financing
arrangements. At December 31, 2013, the Company also had interest rate swaps
with an outstanding notional amount of $17.2 million, resulting in variable rate
debt of $357.5 million. A 50 basis point increase in LIBOR would increase the
quarterly interest expense related to the $357.5 million in variable rate debt
by $0.4 million. Such hypothetical impact of interest rates on the Company's
variable rate debt does not consider the effect of any change in overall
economic activity that could occur in a rising interest rate environment.
Further, in the event of such a change in interest rates, the Company may take
actions to further mitigate its exposure to such a change. However, due to the
uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible
effects, this analysis assumes no changes in the Company's financial
structure. 
 Net Interest Income  
     
 The Company's operating results will depend in large part on differences
between the income from its investments and its borrowing costs. Most of the
Company's securities repurchase agreements and its Loan Repurchase Facility
provide financing based on a floating rate of interest calculated on a fixed
spread over LIBOR. During periods of rising interest rates, the borrowing costs
associated with the Company's investments tend to increase while the income
earned on the Company's fixed interest rate investments may remain substantially
unchanged. This will result in a narrowing of the net interest spread between
the related assets and borrowings and may result in losses.  
     
 Hedging techniques are partly based on assumed levels of prepayments of
the Company's RMBS and residential mortgage loans. If prepayments are slower or
faster than assumed, the effectiveness of any hedging strategies the Company
uses will be reduced and may cause losses on such transactions. Hedging
strategies involving the use of derivative securities are complex and may
produce volatile returns. For more information, see Item 1, "Business—Financing
Strategy," of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Fair Value  
     
 Changes in interest rates may also have an impact on the fair value of
the assets the Company originates or acquires.  
 - 77 - 
 

 
 Prepayment Risk  
       As the Company
receives prepayments of principal on its investments, premiums paid on such
investments will be amortized against interest income. In general, an increase
in prepayment rates will accelerate the amortization of purchase premiums,
thereby reducing the interest income earned on the investments. Conversely,
discounts on such investments are accreted into interest income. In general, an
increase in prepayment rates will accelerate the accretion of purchase
discounts, thereby increasing the interest income earned on the investments.
 
 Credit Risk  
     
 The Company expects to encounter credit risk related to its non-Agency
RMBS, mortgage loans and other target assets, including assets it may originate
or acquire in the future. A portion of the Company's assets are comprised of
residential mortgage loans that are unrated. The credit risk related to these
investments pertains to the ability and willingness of borrowers to pay the
mortgage loan payments, the ability of which is assessed before credit is
granted or renewed and periodically reviewed throughout the loan or security
term. The Company believes that residual loan credit quality is primarily
determined by the borrowers' credit profiles and loan
characteristics. 
 Extension Risk  
     
 If prepayment rates decrease in a rising interest rate environment, the
life of the fixed-rate portion of the related assets could extend beyond the
term of the swap agreement or other hedging instrument. This could have a
negative impact on the Company's results from operations, as borrowing costs
would no longer be fixed after the end of the hedging instrument, while the
income earned on the hybrid adjustable-rate assets would remain fixed. This
situation may also cause the fair market value of the Company's hybrid
adjustable-rate assets to decline, with little or no offsetting gain from the
related hedging transactions. In extreme situations, the Company may be forced
to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause it to incur
losses.  
 Fair Value Risk  
     
 The Company intends to elect the fair value option of accounting on most
of its securities investments and residential mortgage loans and account for
them at their estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in
earnings pursuant to accounting guidance. The estimated fair value of these
securities and residential mortgage loans fluctuates primarily due to changes in
interest rates and other factors. Generally, in a rising interest rate
environment, the estimated fair value of these securities and residential
mortgage loans would be expected to decrease; conversely, in a decreasing
interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of these securities and
residential mortgage loans would be expected to increase.  
 Counterparty
Risk 
 
        The Company finances the acquisition of a significant portion of its residential mortgage loans and RMBS with repurchase agreements. In connection with these financing arrangements, the Company pledges its residential mortgage loans and securities as collateral to secure the borrowings. The amount of collateral pledged will typically exceed the amount of the borrowings (i.e., the haircut) such that the borrowings will be over-collateralized. As a result, the Company is exposed to the counterparty if, during the term of the repurchase agreement financing, a lender should default on its obligation and the Company is not able to recover its pledged assets. The amount of this exposure is the difference between the amount loaned to the Company plus interest due to the counterparty and the fair value of the collateral pledged by the Company to the lender including accrued interest receivable on such collateral.  
        The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage its interest rate risk. The Company is required to pledge cash or assets as collateral as part of a margin arrangement in connection with the interest rate swap agreements.  The amount of margin that the Company is required to post will vary by counterparty and generally reflects collateral posted with respect to interest rate swaps that are in an unrealized loss position to the Company and a percentage of the aggregate notional amount of interest rate swaps per counterparty. In the event that an interest rate swap counterparty were to default on its obligation, the Company would be exposed to a loss to the extent that the amount of cash or assets pledged by it exceeds the unrealized loss on the associated interest rate swap to the extent that the Company is not able to recover its excess collateral. In addition, if a counterparty to an interest rate swap agreement cannot perform under the terms of the agreement, the Company may not receive payments due under that agreement, and thus, may lose any unrealized gain associated with the interest rate swap agreement or, be unable to collect the cash value, if any, at expiration. Therefore, upon a default by an interest rate swap agreement counterparty, the interest rate swap would no longer mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates as intended.  
       
During the past several years, certain repurchase agreement and interest rate swap counterparties in the United States and Europe have experienced financial difficulty and have been either rescued by government assistance or otherwise benefited from accommodative monetary policy of their respective central banks. 
        The
following table summarizes the Company’s exposure to its repurchase agreements
and derivative counterparties at December 31, 2013:  

 

   
     
     
     
     Repurchase 
     
     
     
     
     
     Exposure as 
   
     
     Number of 
     
     Agreement 
     
     Swaps at 
     
     
     
     Percent of 
   
     
     Counterparties 
            
     Borrowings (1) 
            
     Fair
      Value 
            
     Exposure (2) 
            
     Total Assets 
   
     
     (dollars
      in thousands) 
   
     North America: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Canada (3) 
     1 
     
     $            43,921 
     
     $ 
     - 
     
     $            16,288 
     
     2.6% 
   
           
      U.S. 
     1 
     
     248,123 
     
     
     - 
     
     99,231 
     
     16.0% 
   
     
     2 
     
     292,044 
     
     
     - 
     
     115,519 
     
     18.6% 
   
     
   
     Europe: (3) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Switzerland 
     1 
       
     55,006 
     
     
     - 
     
     15,773 
     
     2.5% 
   
            United
      Kingdom 
     1 
     
     28,509 
       
     
     284 
       
     10,805 
       
     1.7% 
   
     
     2 
     
     83,515 
     
     
     284 
     
     26,578 
     
     4.2% 
   
       
   
     Total Counterparty Exposure 
     4 
     
     $          375,559 
     
     $ 
     284 
     
     $          142,097 
     
     22.8% 
____________________ 
 

   
     (1) 
             
     Includes accrued
      interest payable. 
   
     (2) 
             
     Represents the amount
      of cash and/or securities pledged as collateral to counterparties plus the
      net unrealized gain on swaps including collateral pledged less the
      aggregate of repurchase agreement borrowings. 
   
     (3) 
           
     
     Includes foreign
      based counterparties as well as U.S. domiciled subsidiaries of such
      counterparties, as such transactions are generally entered into with a
      U.S. domiciled subsidiary of such
counterparties. 



        The  following  table  presents   information  with respect to any
 counterparty  for
 repurchase 
 agreements  for
which the  Company 
had greater than 5% of  stockholders’  equity at risk in the  aggregate  at  December  31, 2013:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted Average  Months to 
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Maturity for Repurchase 
     
     Percent of Stockholders' 
   
     Counterparty 
         
     Counterparty Rating (1) 
         
     Amount of Risk (2) 
         
     Agreements 
         
     Equity 
   
     
     
     
     
     (dollars in
      thousands) 
     
     
     
     
   
     Citigroup Inc. (3) 
     
     A/A2 
       
     $ 
     99,231 
     
     5 
       
     55.8% 
   
     RBC Capital Markets,
      LLC 
     
     AA-/A2 
     
     $ 
     16,288 
       
     1 
     
     9.2% 
   
     Credit Suisse Securities (USA), LLC 
       
     A/A2 
     
     $ 
     15,773 
     
     <1 
     
     8.9% 
   
     Barclays
      PLC (4) 
     
     A/A2 
     
     $ 
     10,805 
     
     <1 
     
     6.1% 

	____________________ 
 

   
     (1) 
             
     The counterparty
      rating presented is the long-term issuer credit rating as rated at
      December 31, 2013 by S&P and Moody's, respectively. 
   
     (2) 
       
     The amount at risk
      reflects the difference between (a) the amount loaned to us through
      repurchase agreements, including interest payable, plus the net unrealized
      gain on swaps including collateral pledged and (b) the cash and the fair
      value of the securities pledged by us as collateral, including accrued
      interest receivable on such securities. 
   
     (3) 
       
     Includes amounts at
      risk with Citibank, N.A. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Counterparty
      rating is for Citibank, N.A. which represents $94.8 million  of the total
      exposure. The remaining exposure is to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. which
      was rated A/Baa2 by S&P and Moody's, respectively as of December 31,
      2013. 
   
     (4) 
       
     Includes amounts at
      risk with Barclays Capital Inc. and Barclays Bank PLC. Counterparty rating
      is for Barclays Capital Inc. which represents $9.8 million of the total
      exposure. The remaining exposure is to Barclays Bank PLC which was rated
      A/A2 by S&P and Moody's, respectively as of December 31,
    2013. 

 - 78 - 
 
 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data .  
 

   
     Report of Independent Registered Accounting
Firm 
            
     79 
   
     Consolidated Financial
      Statements 
       
     
   
     Consolidated Balance
      Sheets 
     
     
   
     December 31, 2013 and 2012 
     
     80 
   
     Consolidated Statements of
      Operations 
     
     
   
     For the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and
      December 31, 2012 and for the Period From July 29, 2011 
     
     
   
           
      (Inception) to December 31, 2011 
     
     81 
   
     Consolidated Statements of
      Stockholders' Equity 
     
     
   
     For the Period From July 29, 2011
      (Inception) to December 31, 2011 and for the Years Ended 
     
     
   
           
      December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2013 
     
     82 
   
     Consolidated Statements of
      Cash Flows 
     
     
   
     For the Year ended December 31, 2013 and
      December 31, 2012 and for the Period From July 29, 2011 
       
     
     
   
           
      (Inception) to December 31, 2011 
     
     83 
   
     Notes to Consolidated
      Financial Statements 
     
     84–108 
 - 79 - 
 
 
 
 Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm  

 To 
 the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
 ZAIS Financial Corp.:  
 In our opinion, the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of ZAIS Financial Corp. and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2013
and for the period from July 29, 2011 (inception) to December 31, 2011 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP   New York, NY  March 12, 2014  

 - 80 -  
 

 
 ZAIS Financial Corp. and
Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 

   
     
            
     December 31,
2013 
            
     December 31,
  2012 
   
     
     
     (Expressed
      in United States Dollars) 
   
     Assets 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Cash 
     
     $         
       
     57,060,806 
     
     
     $      
     19,061,110 
   
     Restricted cash 
     
     
     2,128,236 
     
     
     
     3,768,151 
   
     Mortgage loans, at fair value - $331,522,165
      and $0 pledged as collateral, respectively 
     
     
     331,785,542 
     
     
     
     — 
   
     Real estate securities, at
      fair value - $183,722,511 and $133,538,998 pledged as
collateral, 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            respectively 
     
     
     226,155,221 
     
     
     
     170,671,683 
   
     Derivative assets, at fair value 
     
     
     284,454 
     
     
     
     — 
   
     Other assets 
     
     
     2,666,799 
     
     
     
     1,345,665 
   
     Receivable for real estate securities
      sold 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     6,801,398 
   
             Total
      assets 
     
     $ 
     620,081,058 
     
     
     $ 
     201,648,007 
   
     Liabilities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Loan repurchase
      facility 
     
     $ 
     236,058,976 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
   
     Securities repurchase agreements 
     
     
     138,591,678 
     
     
     
     116,080,467 
   
     Exchangeable Senior
      Notes 
     
     
     54,539,051 
     
     
     
     — 
   
     Payable for real estate securities
      purchased 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     6,195,767 
   
     Derivative liabilities, at
      fair value 
     
     
     1,471,607 
     
     
     
     1,144,744 
   
     Dividends and distributions
payable 
     
     
     8,452,910 
     
     
     
     — 
   
     Accounts payable and other
      liabilities 
     
     
     1,828,947 
     
     
     
     1,820,581 
   
     Accrued interest payable 
     
     
     1,369,327 
     
     
       
     74,966 
   
     Common stock repurchase
      liability (515,035 shares of common stock) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     11,190,687 
   
             Total
      liabilities 
     
     
     442,312,496 
     
     
     
     136,507,212 
   
      
 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
         
   
     Stockholders' equity 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     12.5% Series A cumulative non-voting
      preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      authorized; zero shares and 133 shares issued and outstanding,
      respectively 
     
       
     — 
     
       
     
     — 
   
     Common stock $0.0001 par
      value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
   
            7,970,886 shares issued
      and 7,970,886 shares outstanding, and 
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                   2,586,131 shares issued
      and 2,071,096 shares outstanding, respectively 
     
     
     798 
     
     
     
     207 
   
     Additional paid-in capital 
     
     
     164,207,617 
       
     
     
     39,759,770 
   
     (Accumulated
      deficit)/retained earnings 
     
     
     (4,958,607 
     ) 
     
     
     5,281,941 
   
            Total
      ZAIS Financial Corp. stockholders' equity 
     
     
     159,249,808 
     
     
     
     45,041,918 
   
     Non-controlling interests in operating
    partnership 
     
     
     18,518,754 
     
     
     
     20,098,877 
   
            Total
      stockholders' equity 
     
     
     177,768,562 
     
     
     
     65,140,795 
   
                  
       Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
     
     $ 
     620,081,058 
     
     
     $ 
     201,648,007 
 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  
 - 81 -  
 

 
 ZAIS Financial Corp. and Subsidiaries
 Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Period from 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     July 29, 2011 
   
     
     
     For the Year
      Ended 
     
     For the Year
      Ended 
     
     (Inception) to 
   
     
            
     December 31,
2013 
            
     December 31,
2012 
            
     December
      31, 2011 
   
     
     
     (Expressed
      in United States Dollars) 
   
     Interest income 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Mortgage loans 
     
     $          
          
     10,470,435 
     
     
     $          
          
     — 
     
     
     $          
          
     — 
     
   
     Real estate
      securities 
     
     
     15,947,892 
     
     
     
     9,398,319 
     
     
     
     3,617,753 
     
   
            Total
      interest income 
     
     
     26,418,327 
     
     
     
     9,398,319 
     
     
     
     3,617,753 
     
   
     Interest expense 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Loan repurchase facility 
     
     
     3,612,167 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Securities repurchase
      agreements 
     
     
     2,918,813 
     
     
     
     1,387,451 
     
     
     
     295,433 
     
   
     Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     563,539 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
            Total interest
      expense 
     
     
     7,094,519 
     
     
     
     1,387,451 
     
     
     
     295,433 
     
   
            Net
      interest income 
     
     
     19,323,808 
     
     
     
     8,010,868 
     
     
     
     3,322,320 
     
   
     Other gains/(losses) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain or loss on
      mortgage loans 
     
     
     7,136,482 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Change in unrealized gain
      or loss on real estate securities 
     
     
     (7,170,706 
     ) 
     
     
     17,793,339 
     
     
     
     (5,960,301 
     ) 
   
     Realized gain on mortgage loans 
     
     
     1,298,844 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Realized loss on real
      estate securities 
     
     
     (9,045,689 
     ) 
     
     
     (186,487 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,481,921 
     ) 
   
     Gain/(loss) on derivative
    instruments 
     
     
     5,614,815 
     
     
     
     (1,171,219 
     ) 
     
     
     (235,599 
     ) 
   
            Total other
      (losses)/gains 
     
     
     (2,166,254 
     ) 
     
     
     16,435,633 
     
     
     
     (7,677,821 
     ) 
   
     Expenses 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Professional
fees 
     
     
     3,490,135 
     
     
     
     1,247,370 
     
     
     
     363,969 
     
   
     Advisory fee - related party 
       
     
     2,629,815 
     
     
     
     877,825 
       
     
     
     361,890 
     
   
     Loan servicing
    fees 
     
     
     903,659 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     General and administrative
expenses 
     
     
     2,580,480 
     
     
     
     228,359 
     
     
     
     53,106 
     
   
     Interest on common stock
      repurchase liability 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     1,827,350 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
            Total
      expenses 
     
     
     9,604,089 
     
       
       
     4,180,904 
     
     
     
     778,965 
     
   
             Net
      income/(loss) 
     
     
     7,553,465 
       
     
     
     20,265,597 
     
     
       
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Net income allocated to non-controlling
      interests 
     
       
     880,358 
     
     
     
     362,324 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Preferred
    dividends 
     
     
     15,379 
     
     
     
     15,424 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Net income/(loss) attributable to ZAIS
      Financial Corp. common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
   
            stockholders and common
      stock repurchase liability 
     
     
     6,657,728 
     
     
     
     19,887,849 
     
     
     
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Income allocated to common
      stock repurchase liability 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     454,047 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Net income/(loss)
      attributable to ZAIS Financial Corp. common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
       stockholders 
     
     $ 
     6,657,728 
     
     
     $ 
     19,433,802 
     
     
     $ 
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Net income/(loss) per
      share applicable to common stockholders – 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            basic and
    diluted 
     
     $ 
     .92 
     
     
     $ 
     7.13 
     
     
     $ 
     (1.70 
     ) 
   
     Weighted average number of shares of common
      stock: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Basic 
     
     
     7,273,366 
     
     
     
     2,724,252 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
   
           
      Diluted 
     
     
     8,200,280 
     
     
     
     2,773,845 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  
 - 82 -  
 

 
 ZAIS  Financial  Corp. and
 Subsidiaries Consolidated   Statements  of  Stockholders'  Equity
 
 

   
     
     Preferred Stock 
     
     Common Stock 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Total ZAIS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     (Accumulated 
     
     Financial 
     
     Non-controlling 
     
     
     
     
   
     
     Shares of 
     
     
     
     
     Shares of 
     
     
     
     
     
     Additional 
     
     Deficit) 
     
     Corp. 
     
     Interests in 
     
     
     
     
   
     
     Preferred 
     
     Preferred 
     
     Common 
     
     Common 
     
     Paid-in 
     
     /Retained 
     
     Stockholders' 
     
     Operating 
     
     
     
     
   
     
     Stock 
        
     Stock at Par 
        
     Stock 
        
     Stock at Par 
        
     Capital 
        
     Earnings 
        
     Equity 
        
     Partnership 
        
     Total Equity 
   
     
     (Expressed in United States Dollars) 
   
     Balance at
      July 29, 2011        
       (Inception) 
                   — 
     
     
     $   
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     $            
       
     — 
     
     
     $   
     — 
     
     
     $   
     — 
     
     
     $   
     — 
     
     
     $       
     — 
     
     
     $   
     — 
     
   
     Exchange offer contribution 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     3,022,617 
     
     
     
     302 
     
     
     
     60,452,038 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     60,452,340 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     60,452,340 
     
   
     Net loss applicable
      to common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            stockholders 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
     
     
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Balance at December 31, 2011 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     3,022,617 
     
     
     
     302 
     
     
     
     60,452,038 
     
     
     
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
     
     
     55,317,874 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     55,317,874 
     
   
     Net proceeds from
      offering of 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            preferred stock 
     133 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     115,499 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     115,499 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     115,499 
     
   
     Net
      proceeds from offering of OP 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            units 
     — 
     
       
       
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     20,393,704 
     
     
     
     20,393,704 
     
   
     Net proceeds from
      offering of 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            common stock 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     232,039 
     
     
     
     24 
     
     
     
     4,757,446 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     4,757,470 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     4,757,470 
     
   
     Distributions on OP units 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (1,117,280 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,117,280 
     ) 
   
     Dividends on common
      stock 
     — 
       
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (9,471,442 
     ) 
     
     
     (9,471,442 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (9,471,442 
     ) 
   
     Repurchase of common stock 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     (668,525 
     ) 
     
     
     (67 
     ) 
     
     
     (14,181,192 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (14,181,259 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (14,181,259 
     ) 
   
     Common stock
      repurchase        
    liability 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     (515,035 
     ) 
     
     
     (52 
     ) 
     
     
     (10,923,892 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (10,923,944 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (10,923,944 
     ) 
   
     Rebalancing of ownership 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            percentage between
    the 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Company
      and        operating
partnership 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (460,129 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (460,129 
     ) 
     
     
     460,129 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Net income 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
       
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     19,887,849 
     
     
     
     19,887,849 
     
     
     
     362,324 
     
     
     
     20,250,173 
     
   
     Balance at December 31, 2012 
     133 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     2,071,096 
     
     
     
     207 
     
     
     
     39,759,770 
     
     
     
     5,281,941 
     
     
     
     45,041,918 
     
     
     
     20,098,877 
     
     
     
     65,140,795 
     
   
     Reversal of common
      stock 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            repurchase liability 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     249,790 
     
     
     
     25 
     
     
     
     5,440,150 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     5,440,175 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     5,440,175 
     
   
     Repurchase of preferred shares 
     (133 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (133,000 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (133,000 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (133,000 
     ) 
   
     Net proceeds from
      initial public 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            offering 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     5,650,000 
     
     
     
     566 
     
     
     
     118,861,934 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     118,862,500 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     118,862,500 
     
   
     Equity raise payments 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (216,658 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (216,658 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (216,658 
     ) 
   
     Distributions on OP
      units 
     — 
     
     
       
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (1,965,060 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,965,060 
     ) 
   
     Dividends on common stock 
     — 
       
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (16,898,276 
     ) 
     
     
     (16,898,276 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (16,898,276 
     ) 
   
     Rebalancing of
      ownership  
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            percentage between the
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Company
      and        operating
partnership 
     — 
     
       
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
       
     — 
       
       
     
     495,421 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     495,421 
       
     
     
     (495,421 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Net
      income 
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
       
     — 
     
       
     
     — 
     
     
       
     — 
     
     
     
     6,657,728 
     
       
       
     6,657,728 
     
     
       
     880,358 
     
     
     
     7,538,086 
     
   
     Balance at
      December 31, 2013 
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     7,970,886 
     
     
     $ 
     798 
     
     
     $ 
     164,207,617 
       
       
     $ 
     (4,958,607 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     159,249,808 
     
       
     $ 
     18,518,754 
       
       
     $ 
     177,768,562 
     



 
 The  accompanying  notes are an  integral  part of these
 consolidated 
 financial 
 statements. 
 
 - 83 -  
 

 
 ZAIS Financial Corp. and
Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Period from 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     July 29, 2011 
   
     
     
     Year Ended 
     
     Year Ended 
     
     (Inception)  to 
   
     
            
     December 31,
      2013 
            
     December 31,
      2012 
            
     December 31,
      2011 
   
     
     
     (Expressed in United States
      Dollars) 
   
     Cash flows from operating
      activities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Net
      income/(loss) 
     
     $          
       
     7,553,465 
     
     
     $            
     20,265,597 
     
     
     $          
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)/income
      to net cash 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      provided by operating activities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Net (accretion)/amortization
      of (discounts) premiums 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      related to mortgage loans 
     
     
     (3,059,231 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
            Net
      (accretion)/amortization of (discounts)/premiums 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      related to real estate securities 
     
     
     (2,932,089 
     ) 
     
     
     (893,792 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,688,467 
     ) 
   
            Change in unrealized (gain) or
      loss on mortgage loans 
     
     
     (7,136,482 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
            Change
      in unrealized (gain) or loss on real estate 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      securities 
     
     
     7,170,706 
     
     
     
     (17,793,339 
     ) 
     
     
     5,960,301 
     
   
            Realized (gain) on mortgage
      loans 
     
     
     (1,298,844 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
           
      Realized loss on real estate securities 
     
     
     9,045,689 
     
     
     
     186,487 
     
     
     
     1,481,921 
     
   
            Change in unrealized gain or
      loss on derivative 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      instruments 
     
     
     (1,281,997 
     ) 
     
     
     890,442 
     
     
     
     254,302 
     
   
           
      Amortization of Exchangeable Senior Notes discount 
     
     
     88,457 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
            Changes in operating assets
      and liabilities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      (Increase) in other assets 
     
     
     (1,321,134 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,253,517 
     ) 
     
     
     (92,148 
     ) 
   
                  
      Increase in accounts payable, other liabilities and 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                         
      interest on common stock repurchase liability 
     
     
     8,366 
     
     
     
     1,216,264 
     
     
     
     871,060 
     
   
                  
      Increase in accrued interest payable 
     
     
     1,294,361 
     
     
     
     10,018 
     
     
     
     64,948 
     
   
                         
       Net cash provided by operating activities 
     
     
     8,131,267 
     
     
     
     2,628,160 
     
     
     
     1,717,451 
     
   
     Cash flows from investing activities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Acquisitions of mortgage loans 
     
     
     (334,162,044 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Proceeds from principal repayments on mortgage loans 
     
     
     13,871,059 
     
     
     
     — 
     
       
       
     — 
     
   
     Acquisitions of real estate securities, net
      of change in 
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            payable
      for real estate securities purchased 
     
       
     (406,263,789 
     ) 
     
     
     (104,299,838 
     ) 
     
     
     (107,245,213 
     ) 
   
     Proceeds from principal repayments on real estate
    securities 
     
     
     46,752,670 
     
     
       
     23,277,965 
     
     
     
     5,720,282 
     
   
     Proceeds from sales of real estate
      securities, net of changes 
     
     
     
     
       
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
   
            in
      receivable for real estate securities sold 
     
     
     291,348,906 
     
     
     
     74,216,314 
     
     
     
     7,216,183 
     
   
     Restricted cash provided by/(used) in investment
    activities 
     
     
     1,639,915 
     
     
     
     (2,052,940 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,715,211 
     ) 
   
                         
       Net cash used in investing activities 
     
     
     (386,813,283 
     ) 
     
     
     (8,858,499 
     ) 
     
     
     (96,023,959 
     ) 
   
     Cash flows from financing activities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon
      exchange 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      offer 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     3,036,222 
     
   
     Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 
     
     
     118,862,500 
     
     
     
     4,757,470 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Proceeds from issuance of OP units,
      net 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     20,393,704 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     115,499 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Repurchase of common stock 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (14,181,259 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Payment of common stock repurchase liability 
     
     
     (5,750,512 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Net borrowings under loan repurchase
      facility 
     
     
     236,058,976 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Borrowings from securities repurchase agreements 
     
     
     366,103,785 
     
     
     
     79,129,751 
     
     
     
     108,041,100 
     
   
     Repayments of securities repurchase
      agreements 
     
     
     (343,592,574 
     ) 
     
     
     (60,646,294 
     ) 
     
     
     (10,444,090 
     ) 
   
     Proceeds from issuance of Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     54,450,594 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Allocation of proceeds to conversion option
      on 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     1,324,406 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Dividends on common stock and distributions on OP units 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            (net of dividends and
      distributions payable) 
     
     
     (10,410,426 
     ) 
     
     
     (10,588,722 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Repurchase of preferred stock including
      dividend 
     
     
     (148,379 
     ) 
     
     
     (15,424 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Equity raise payments 
     
     
     (216,658 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
                         
       Net cash provided by financing activities 
     
     
     416,681,712 
     
     
     
     18,964,725 
     
     
     
     100,633,232 
     
   
                         
      Net increase in cash 
     
     
     37,999,696 
     
     
     
     12,734,386 
     
     
     
     6,326,724 
     
   
     Cash 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Beginning of period 
     
     
     19,061,110 
     
     
     
     6,326,724 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     End of period 
     
     $ 
     57,060,806 
     
     
     $ 
     19,061,110 
     
     
     $ 
     6,326,724 
     
   
     Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      Interest paid on loan repurchase facility and securities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      repurchase agreements 
     
     $ 
     5,696,619 
     
     
     $ 
     1,377,433 
     
     
     $ 
     224,475 
     
   
            Taxes
      paid 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
   
     Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing
      and 
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
       
     
   
           
       financing activities 
       
     
       
     
       
       
     
     
     
       
     
     
   
           
      Increase in dividends payable 
     
     $ 
     8,452,910 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
   
           
      Exchange offer contribution – debt securities 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     57,416,118 
     
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  
 - 84 -  
 
 
 ZAIS FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 1.  Formation and Organization  
       ZAIS Financial
Corp. (the "Company") was incorporated in Maryland on May 24, 2011, and has
elected to be taxed and to qualify as a real estate investment trust ("REIT")
beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2011. The Company was
initially capitalized and commenced operations on July 29, 2011, when it
completed an exchange of a mutually agreed upon portion of the shareholders' and
limited partners' interests in the ZAIS Matrix VI-A Ltd. and ZAIS Matrix VI-B
L.P. funds (the "Matrix Funds") managed by ZAIS Group, LLC ("ZAIS"), which
included cash of $3,036,222 and real estate securities having a fair value of
$57,416,118, for 3,022,617 shares of the Company's common stock. On February 13,
2013, the Company completed its initial public offering ("IPO"), pursuant to
which the Company sold 5,650,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $21.25
per share for gross proceeds of $120.1 million. Net proceeds after the payment
of offering costs of $1.2 million were $118.9 million. 
     
 The Company primarily invests in, finances and manages performing and
re-performing residential mortgage loans, which may be seasoned or recently
originated. The Company also invests in, finances and manages residential
mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS") that are not issued or guaranteed by a
federally chartered corporation, such as the Federal National Mortgage
Association ("Fannie Mae"), or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
("Freddie Mac"), or an agency of the U.S. Government, such as the Government
National Mortgage Association ("Ginnie Mae") ("non-Agency RMBS") with an
emphasis on securities that, when originally issued, were rated in the highest
rating category by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical rating
organizations. The Company also has the discretion to invest in mortgage
servicing rights ("MSRs"), RMBS that are issued or guaranteed by a federally
chartered corporation or a U.S. Government agency ("Agency RMBS"), including
through To-Be-Announced ("TBA") contracts, and in other real estate-related and
financial assets, such as interest only strips created from RMBS ("IOs"),
commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") and asset-backed securities
("ABS"). The Company refers collectively to the assets it targets for
acquisition as its target assets. 
     
 The Company is externally managed by ZAIS REIT Management, LLC (the
"Advisor"), a subsidiary of ZAIS, and has no employees. The Company is the sole
general partner of, and conducts substantially all of its business through, ZAIS
Financial Partners, L.P., the Company's consolidated operating partnership
subsidiary (the "Operating Partnership"). 
     
 The Company's charter authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares
of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The Company's board of
directors is authorized to amend its charter, without the approval of
stockholders, to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital
stock or the number of shares of any class or series of capital stock or to
classify and reclassify any unissued shares of its capital stock into other
classes or series of stock that the Company has authority to issue. 
 2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of
Presentation 
     
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") as
contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting
Standards Codification ("ASC") and the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 
     
 The Company currently operates as one business segment. 
 Estimates 
     
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results may ultimately differ from those
estimates. 
 - 85 - 
 

 
 Principles of Consolidation
 
       The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of
the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Company, which
serves as the sole general partner of and conducts substantially all of its
business through the Operating Partnership, holds approximately 89.6% of the
operating partnership units ("OP units") in the Operating Partnership as of
December 31, 2013. The Operating Partnership in turn holds directly or
indirectly all of the equity interests in its subsidiaries. All intercompany
balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  
 Variable Interest Entities
 
     
 A variable interest entity ("VIE") is an entity that lacks one or more of
the characteristics of a voting interest entity. The Company evaluates each of
its investments to determine whether it is a VIE based on: (1) the sufficiency
of the entity's equity investment at risk to finance its activities without
additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, including the
equity holders; (2) whether as a group the holders of the equity investment at
risk have (a) the power, through voting rights or similar rights, to direct the
activities of a legal entity that most significantly impacts the entity's
economic performance, (b) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the
legal entity and (c) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the
legal entity; and (3) whether the voting rights of these investors are
proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity,
their rights to receive the expected returns of their equity, or both, and
whether substantially all of the entity's activities involve or are conducted on
behalf of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights. An
investment that lacks one or more of the above three characteristics is
considered to be a VIE. The Company reassesses its initial evaluation of an
entity as a VIE upon the occurrence of certain reconsideration events.
 
     
 A VIE is subject to consolidation if the equity investors either do not
have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without
additional subordinated financial support, are unable to direct the entity's
activities, or are not exposed to the entity's losses or entitled to its
residual returns. VIEs are required to be consolidated by their primary
beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is determined to be the party that
has both the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the
VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive
benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. This
determination can sometimes involve complex and subjective analyses.  
     
 The Company has evaluated its real estate securities investments to
determine if each represents a variable interest in a VIE. The Company monitors
these investments and analyzes them for potential consolidation. The Company's
real estate securities investments represent variable interests in VIEs. At
December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, no VIEs required consolidation as the
Company was not the primary beneficiary of any of these VIEs. At December 31,
2013 and December 31, 2012, the maximum exposure of the Company to VIEs is
limited to the fair value of its investments in real estate securities as
disclosed in the consolidated balance sheets.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 
     
 The Company considers highly liquid short-term interest bearing
instruments with original maturities of three months or less and other
instruments readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents. The Company's
deposits with financial institutions may exceed federally insurable limits of
$250,000 per institution. The Company mitigates this risk by depositing funds
with major financial institutions. At December 31, 2013, the Company's cash was
held with two custodians.  
 Restricted Cash
 
     
 Restricted cash represents the Company's cash held by counterparties as
collateral against the Company's derivatives and/or securities repurchase
agreements. Cash held by counterparties as collateral is not available to the
Company for general corporate purposes, but may be applied against amounts due
to derivative or securities  repurchase agreement
counterparties or returned to the Company when the collateral requirements are
exceeded or at the maturity of the derivatives or securities repurchase
agreements.  
 - 86 - 
 

 
 Mortgage Loans and Real Estate
Securities—Fair Value Election  
       U.S. GAAP
permits entities to choose to measure certain eligible financial instruments at
fair value. The Company has elected the fair value option for each of its
mortgage loans and real estate securities, at the date of purchase, including
those securities contributed in connection with the Company's initial formation
transaction. The fair value option election is irrevocable and requires the
Company to measure these mortgage loans and real estate securities at estimated
fair value with the change in estimated fair value recognized in earnings. The
Company has established a policy for these assets to separate interest income
from the full change in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations.
The interest income component is presented as interest income on mortgage loans
and interest income on real estate securities and the remainder of the change in
fair value is presented separately as change in unrealized gain or loss on
mortgage loans and change in unrealized gain or loss on real estate securities,
respectively, in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.
 
 Determination of Fair Value
Measurement 
     
 The "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" Topic of the FASB ASC
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and
requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements under U.S. GAAP.
Specifically, this guidance defines fair value based on exit price, or the price
that would be received upon the sale of an asset or the transfer of a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 
     
 Fair value under U.S. GAAP represents an exit price in the normal course
of business, not a forced liquidation price. If the Company was forced to sell
assets in a short period to meet liquidity needs, the prices it receives could
be substantially less than their recorded fair values. Furthermore, the analysis
of whether it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell
securities in an unrealized loss position prior to an expected recovery in fair
value (if any), the amount of such expected required sales, and the projected
identification of which securities would be sold is also subject to significant
judgment.  
     
 Any proposed changes to the valuation methodology will be reviewed by the
Advisor to ensure changes are consistent with the applicable accounting guidance
and approved as appropriate. The fair value methodology may produce a fair value
calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of
future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company anticipates that the
Advisor's valuation methods will be appropriate and consistent with other market
participants, the use of different methodologies, or assumptions by other market
participants, to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could
result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.  
     
 The Company categorizes its financial instruments in accordance with U.S.
GAAP, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation, into a three-level
fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). If the inputs used to
measure the financial instruments fall within different levels of the hierarchy,
the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement of the instrument.  
     
 Financial assets and liabilities recorded on the consolidated balance
sheets are categorized based on the inputs to the valuation techniques as
follows:  
 

   
     Level 1 
            
     Quoted prices for identical assets or
      liabilities in an active market. 
   
     
       
     
   
     Level 2 
     
     Financial assets and liabilities
      whose values are based on the following: 
 Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
  active markets   
   Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or
  liabilities in nonactive markets.   
   Pricing models whose inputs are observable for
  substantially the full term of the asset or liability.      
   Pricing models whose inputs are derived
  principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially
  the full term of the asset or liability. 
   

   
     Level 3 
            
     
       Prices or valuation techniques
      based on inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall
      fair value measurement. 
 - 87 -  
 

 

       The Company
may use valuation techniques consistent with the market and income approaches to
measure the fair value of its assets and liabilities. The market approach uses
prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving
identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach uses
valuation techniques to convert future projected cash flows to a single
discounted present value amount. When applying either approach, the Company
maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable
inputs. The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to
the fair value measurement in its entirety requires significant judgment and
considers factors specific to the investment. The Company utilizes proprietary
modeling analysis to support the independent third party broker quotes selected
to determine the fair value of its real estate securities and derivative
instruments. 
     
 The following is a description of the valuation techniques used to
measure fair value and the general classification of these instruments pursuant
to the fair value hierarchy. 
 Mortgage Loans 
     
 The fair value of the Company's mortgage loans considers data such as
loan origination information and additional updated borrower and loan servicing
data, as available, forward interest rates, general economic conditions, home
price index forecasts and valuations of the underlying properties. The variables
considered most significant to the determination of the fair value of the
Company's mortgage loans include market-implied discount rates, projections of
default rates, delinquency rates, loss severity (considering mortgage insurance)
and prepayment rates. The Company uses loan level data, macro-economic inputs
and forward interest rates to generate loss adjusted cash flows and other
information in determining the fair value of its mortgage loans. Because of the
inherent uncertainty of such valuation, the fair values established for mortgage
loans held by the Company may differ from the fair values that would have been
established if a ready market existed for these mortgage loans. Accordingly,
mortgage loans are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
     
 At December 31, 2013, approximately 11.6% in unpaid principal balance of
the Company's mortgage loans carries mortgage insurance and there are no
foreclosures or claims outstanding against mortgage insurers. 
 Real Estate
Securities 
     
 The fair value of the Company's real estate securities considers the
underlying characteristics of each security including coupon, maturity date and
collateral. The Company estimates the fair value of its RMBS based upon a
combination of observable prices in active markets, multiple indicative quotes
from brokers and executable bids. In evaluating broker quotes the Company also
considers additional observable market data points including recent observed
trading activity for identical and similar securities, back-testing, broker
challenges and other interactions with market participants, as well as yield
levels generated by model-based valuation techniques. In the absence of
observable quotes, the Company utilizes model-based valuation techniques that
may contain unobservable valuation inputs. 
     
 When available, the fair value of real estate securities is based on
quoted prices in active markets. If quoted prices are not available, fair values
are obtained from either broker quotes, observed traded levels or model-based
valuation techniques using observable inputs such as benchmark yields or issuer
spreads. 
     
 While the Company's non-Agency RMBS are valued using the same process
with similar inputs as the Agency RMBS, a significant amount of inputs are
unobservable due to relatively low levels of market activity. The fair value of
these securities is typically based on broker quotes or the Company's
model-based valuation. Accordingly, the Company's non-Agency RMBS are classified
as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Model-based valuation consists primarily
of discounted cash flow and yield analyses. Significant model inputs and
assumptions include constant voluntary prepayment rates, constant default rates,
delinquency rates, loss severity, market-implied discount rates, default rates,
expected loss severity, weighted average life, collateral composition, borrower
 characteristics and prepayment rates, and may
also include general economic conditions, including home price index forecasts,
servicing data and other relevant information. Where possible,
collateral-related assumptions are determined on an individual loan level basis.
 
 - 88 -  
 

 
       The Company's
Agency RMBS are valued using the market data described above, which includes
inputs determined to be observable or whose significant fair value drivers are
observable. Accordingly, Agency RMBS securities are classified as Level 2 in the
fair value hierarchy. 
 Derivative
Instruments 
 Interest Rate Swap
Agreements 
     
 An interest rate swap is an agreement between the Company and a
counterparty to exchange periodic interest payments where one party to the
contract makes a fixed rate payment in exchange for a floating rate payment from
the other party. Interest rate swap agreements are valued using counterparty
valuations. The Company utilizes proprietary modeling analysis or industry
standard third party analytics to support the counterparty valuations. These
counterparty valuations are generally based on models with market observable
inputs such as interest rates and contractual cash flows, and, as such, are
classified as Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. The Company's interest rate
swap agreements are governed by International Swap and Derivative Association
trading agreements, which are separately negotiated agreements with dealer
counterparties. As of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, no credit
valuation adjustment was made in determining the fair value of
derivatives. 
 TBA Securities 
     
 A TBA security is a forward contract for the purchase of Agency RMBS at a
predetermined price with a stated face amount, coupon and stated maturity at an
agreed upon future date. The specific Agency RMBS delivered into the contract
upon the settlement date, published each month by the Securities Industry and
Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA"), are not known at the time of the
transaction. The Company estimates the fair value of TBA securities based on
independent third party closing levels. Accordingly, TBAs are classified as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Interest Income Recognition and
Impairment—Mortgage Loans 
     
 Pursuant to the Company's policy for separately presenting interest
income on mortgage loans, the Company follows acceptable methods under U.S. GAAP
for allocating a portion of the change in fair value of mortgage loans to
interest income on mortgage loans. 
     
 When the Company purchases mortgage loans that have shown evidence of
credit deterioration since origination and management determines that it is
probable the Company will not collect all contractual cash flows on those
assets, the Company will apply the guidance that addresses accounting for
differences between contractual cash flows and cash flows expected to be
collected if those differences are attributable to, at least in part, credit
quality. 
     
 Interest income will be recognized on a level-yield basis over the life
of the loan as long as cash flows can be reasonably estimated. The level-yield
is determined by the excess of the Company's initial estimate of undiscounted
expected principal, interest, and other cash flows (cash flows expected at
acquisition to be collected) over the Company's initial investment in the
mortgage loan (accretable yield). The amount of interest income to be recognized
cannot result in a carrying amount that exceeds the payoff amount of the loan.
The excess of contractual cash flows over cash flows expected to be collected
(nonaccretable difference) will not be recognized as an adjustment of
yield. 
     
 On a quarterly basis, the Company updates its estimate of the cash flows
expected to be collected. For purposes of interest income recognition, any
subsequent increases in cash flows expected to be collected are generally
recognized as prospective yield adjustments (which establishes a new level
yield) and any subsequent decreases in cash flows expected to be collected are
recognized as an impairment to be recorded through change in unrealized gain or
loss on mortgage loans on the consolidated statement of operations. 
     
 Income recognition is suspended for a loan when cash flows cannot be
reasonably estimated.  
 - 89 - 
 
 
 
 Interest Income Recognition and
Impairment—Real Estate Securities  
       Pursuant to
the Company's policy for separately presenting interest income on real estate
securities, the Company follows acceptable methods under U.S. GAAP for
allocating a portion of the change in fair value of real estate securities to
interest income on real estate securities.  
     
 Interest income on Agency RMBS is accrued based on the effective yield
method on the outstanding principal balance and their contractual terms.
Premiums and discounts associated with Agency RMBS at the time of purchase are
amortized into interest income over the life of such securities using the
effective yield method and adjusted for actual prepayments.  
     
 Interest income on the non-Agency RMBS, which were purchased at a
discount to par value and/or were rated below AA at the time of purchase, is
recognized based on the effective yield method in accordance with ASC 325-40
"Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets". The effective yield on
these securities is based on the projected cash flows from each security, which
are estimated based on the Company's observation of current information and
events and include assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and
the timing and amount of credit losses. On a monthly basis, the Company reviews
and, if appropriate, makes adjustments to its cash flow projections based on
input and analysis received from external sources, internal models and its
judgment about interest rates, prepayment rates, the timing and amount of credit
losses, and other factors. Changes in cash flows from those originally
projected, or from those estimated at the last evaluation, may result in a
prospective change in the yield/interest income recognized on such securities.
Actual maturities of the securities are affected by the contractual lives of the
associated mortgage collateral, periodic payments of principal, prepayments of
principal and credit losses. Therefore, actual maturities of the securities are
generally shorter than stated contractual maturities.  
     
 Interest income is recorded as interest income on real estate securities
in the consolidated statements of operations.  
     
 Based on the projected cash flows from the Company's non-Agency RMBS
purchased at a discount to par value, a portion of the purchase discount may be
designated as credit protection against future credit losses and, therefore, not
accreted into interest income. The amount designated as credit discount is
determined, and may be adjusted over time, based on the actual performance of
the security, its underlying collateral, actual and projected cash flow from
such collateral, economic conditions and other factors. If the performance of a
security with a credit discount is more favorable than forecasted, a portion of
the amount designated as credit discount may be accreted into interest income
prospectively.  
     
 RMBS are periodically evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment
("OTTI") each quarter. A security with a fair value that is less than amortized
cost is considered impaired. Impairment of a security is considered to be
other-than-temporary when: (i) the holder has the intent to sell the impaired
security; (ii) it is more likely than not the holder will be required to sell
the security; or (iii) the holder does not expect to recover the entire
amortized cost of the security. When a security has been deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired, the amount of OTTI is bifurcated into: (i) the
amount related to expected credit losses; and (ii) the amount related to fair
value adjustments in excess of expected credit losses. The portion of OTTI
related to expected credit losses is recognized in the consolidated statement of
operations as a realized loss on real estate securities. The remaining OTTI
related to the valuation adjustment is recognized as a component of change in
unrealized gain or loss on real estate securities in the consolidated statement
of operations. The Company recognized $1.1 million and $0.2 million in OTTI for
the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Realized gains and
losses on sale of real estate securities are determined using the specific
identification method. Real estate securities transactions are recorded on the
trade date. 
 Expense Recognition
 
     
 Expenses are recognized when incurred. Expenses include, but are not
limited to, loan servicing fees, advisory fees, professional fees for legal,
accounting and consulting services, and general and administrative expenses such
as insurance, custodial and miscellaneous fees.  
 - 90 -  
 

 
 Offering Costs
 
       Offering costs
are accounted for as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. Offering costs
in connection with the Company's IPO were paid out of the proceeds of the IPO.
Costs incurred to organize the Company were expensed as incurred. The Company's
obligation to pay for organization and offering expenses directly related to the
IPO was capped at $1.2 million and the Advisor paid for such expenses incurred
above the cap.  
 Loan Repurchase Facility
 
     
 The Company finances a portion of its mortgage loan portfolio through the
use of repurchase agreements entered into under a master repurchase agreement
with Citibank, N.A. ("Citi"), pursuant to which the Company may sell, and later
repurchase trust certificates representing interests in residential mortgage
loans (the "Trust Certificates") in an aggregate principal amount of up to $250
million (the "Loan Repurchase Facility"). The borrowings under the Loan
Repurchase Facility are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are
carried at their contractual amounts, including accrued interest, as specified
in the respective agreement. The borrowings under the Loan Repurchase Facility
are recorded on the trade date at the contract amount.  
     
 The Company pledges cash and certain of its Trust Certificates as
collateral under the Loan Repurchase Facility. The amounts available to be
borrowed are dependent upon the fair value of the Trust Certificates pledged as
collateral, which fluctuates with changes in interest rates, type of underlying
mortgage loans and liquidity conditions within the banking, mortgage finance and
real estate industries. In response to declines in the fair value of pledged
Trust Certificates, the lender may require the Company to post additional
collateral or pay down borrowings to re-establish agreed upon collateral
requirements, referred to as margin calls. As of December 31, 2013 the Company
has met all margin call requirements.  
 Securities Repurchase
Agreements—Real Estate Securities  
     
 The Company finances a portion of its RMBS portfolio through the use of
securities repurchase agreements entered into under master repurchase agreements
with four financial institutions as of December 31, 2013. Repurchase agreements
are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are carried at their
contractual amounts, including accrued interest, as specified in the respective
agreements. Repurchase agreements are recorded on trade date at the contract
amount.  
     
 The Company pledges cash and certain of its RMBS as collateral under
these securities repurchase agreements. The amounts available to be borrowed are
dependent upon the fair value of the RMBS pledged as collateral, which
fluctuates with changes in interest rates, type of securities and liquidity
conditions within the banking, mortgage finance and real estate industries. In
response to declines in the fair value of pledged RMBS, the lenders may require
the Company to post additional collateral or pay down borrowings to re-establish
agreed upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin calls. As of December
31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, the Company has met all margin call
requirements.  
 Derivatives and Hedging
Activities  
     
 The Company accounts for its derivative financial instruments in
accordance with derivative accounting guidance, which requires an entity to
recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheets
and to measure those instruments at fair value. The Company has not designated
any of its derivative agreements as hedging instruments for accounting purposes.
As a result, changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded through
current period earnings.  
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements
 
     
 The Company's interest rate swap agreements contain legally enforceable
provisions that allow for netting or setting off of all individual interest rate
swap receivables and payables with each respective counterparty and, therefore,
the fair value of those interest rate swap agreements are netted. The credit
support annex provisions of the Company's interest rate swap agreements allow
the parties to mitigate their credit risk by requiring the party which is out of
the money to post collateral. At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, all
collateral provided under these agreements consisted of cash collateral.
 
 - 91 -  
 

 
 TBA Securities  
       The Company
enters into TBA contracts as a means of acquiring exposure to Agency RMBS and
may, from time to time, utilize TBA dollar roll transactions to finance Agency
RMBS purchases. The Company may also enter into TBA contracts as a means of
hedging against short-term changes in interest rates. The Company may choose,
prior to settlement, to move the settlement of these securities to a later date
by entering into an offsetting position (referred to as a "pair off"), settling
the paired off positions against each other for cash, and simultaneously
entering into a similar TBA contract for a later settlement date, which is
commonly and collectively referred to as a "dollar roll" transaction. At
December 31, 2013, the Company did not have any TBA contracts outstanding.
 
 8% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due
2016  
     
 On November 25, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued $57.5 million
aggregate principal amount of unsecured 8.00% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016
(the "Exchangeable Senior Notes"). The Exchangeable Senior Notes are carried at
amortized cost. Interest expense on the Exchangeable Senior Notes is computed
using the effective interest method. The conversion features of the Exchangeable
Senior Notes are deemed to be an embedded derivative. Accordingly, the Company
is required to bifurcate the embedded derivative related to the conversion
features of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. The Company recognized the embedded
derivative as a liability on its balance sheet at December 31, 2013, measures it
at its estimated fair value and recognizes changes in its estimated fair value
in gain/(loss) on derivative instruments in the Company's consolidated
statements of operations.  
 Counterparty Risk and
Concentration  
     
 Counterparty risk is the risk that counterparties may fail to fulfill
their obligations or that pledged collateral value becomes inadequate. The
Company attempts to manage its exposure to counterparty risk through
diversification, use of financial instruments and monitoring the
creditworthiness of counterparties.  
     
 As explained in the notes above, while the Company engages in repurchase
financing activities with several financial institutions, the Company maintains
custody accounts with two custodians at December 31, 2013. There is no guarantee
that these custodians will not become insolvent. While there are certain
regulations that seek to protect customer property in the event of a failure,
insolvency or liquidation of a custodian, there is no certainty that the Company
would not incur losses due to its assets being unavailable for a period of time
in the event of a failure of a custodian that has custody of the Company's
assets. Although management monitors the credit worthiness of its custodians,
such losses could be significant and could materially impair the ability of the
Company to achieve its investment objective.  
 Net Income (Loss) Per Share
 
     
 The Company's basic earnings per share ("EPS") is computed by dividing
net income or loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted EPS reflects the potential
dilution that could occur if outstanding OP units and Exchangeable Senior Notes
were converted to common stock, where such exercise or conversion would result
in a lower EPS. The dilutive effect of partnership interests is computed
assuming all units are converted to common stock. The dilutive effect of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes is computed assuming shares converted are limited to
1,779,560 pursuant to New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") restrictions. However,
the 1,779,560 shares of common stock were excluded from the calculation of
diluted EPS as such inclusion would be anti-dilutive because the issuance of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes closed late in the period, on November 25, 2013.
 

 - 92
-  
 

 
 Income Taxes  
     
 The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), commencing with its taxable year ended
December 31, 2011. The Company was organized and has operated and intends to
continue to operate in a manner that will enable it to qualify to be taxed as a
REIT. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational and
operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of
the Company's annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders (which is computed
without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which
does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with
U.S. GAAP). As a REIT, the Company will not be subject to federal income tax on
its taxable income that it distributes to its stockholders. If the Company fails
to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income
tax on its taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally
will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which
qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants the Company
relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially
adversely affect the Company's net income and net cash available for
distribution to stockholders. However, the Company intends to continue to
operate in a manner that will enable it to qualify for treatment as a REIT.
 
       The Company
evaluates uncertain income tax positions when applicable. Based upon its
analysis of income tax positions, the Company concluded that it does not have
any uncertain tax positions that meet the recognition or measurement criteria as
of either December 31, 2013 or December 31, 2012.  
     
 The Company has elected to treat two of its subsidiaries, ZAIS I TRS,
Inc. ("ZAIS I TRS") and ZFC Trust TRS I, LLC ("ZFC Trust TRS"), as taxable REIT
subsidiaries (the "TRS entities"). The Company may perform certain activities
through these TRS entities that could adversely impact the Company's REIT
qualification if performed other than through a TRS. Earnings from activities
conducted through the TRS entities are subject to federal and state income taxes
irrespective of the dividends-paid deduction available to REITs for federal
income tax purposes. In addition, for the Company to continue to qualify to be
taxed as a REIT, the Company's total investment in all TRS entities may not
exceed 25% of the value of the total assets of the Company determined for
federal income tax purposes.  
     
 For the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have
any significant activity in the TRS entities. No provision for federal income
taxes has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as
the TRS entities did not generate taxable income for the periods presented.
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
 
     
 In December 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No.
2011-11: Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities ("ASU 2011-11")
which requires new disclosures about balance sheet offsetting and related
arrangements. For derivatives and financial assets and liabilities, the
amendment requires disclosure of gross asset and liability amounts, amounts
offset on the balance sheet, and amounts subject to the offsetting requirements
but not offset on the balance sheet. In addition, in January 2013, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2013-01: Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities (Topic 210), Balance Sheet. The update addresses
implementation issues regarding ASU 2011-11 and is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013, and interim periods
within those annual periods. This guidance is to be applied retrospectively for
all comparative periods presented and did not amend the circumstances in which
the Company offsets its derivative positions. This guidance did not have a
material effect on the Company's financial statements. However, this guidance
expands the disclosure requirements to which the Company is subject, which are
presented in Note 15.  
     
 In January 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-04: Reclassification of
Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure
("ASU 2014-04"), to reduce diversity in practice by clarifying when an in
substance repossession or foreclosure has occurred and when a creditor should
derecognize the associated loan receivable and recognize the real estate
property. ASU 2014-04 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2014. Adoption of ASU 2014-04 is not
expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.  
 3.  Fair Value  
 Fair Value Measurement
 
     
 Financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement.  
 - 93 -  
 

 
       The following
table sets forth the Company's financial instruments that were accounted for at
fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013, by level within the
fair value hierarchy:  
 

   
     
     
     Assets and Liabilities at Fair
      Value 
   
     
            
     Level 1 
            
     Level 2 
            
     Level 3 
            
     Total 
   
     Assets 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Mortgage loans 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $       
     331,785,542 
     
     $       
     331,785,542 
   
     Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     226,155,221 
     
     
     226,155,221 
   
     Derivative assets 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     284,454 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     284,454 
   
            Total 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     284,454 
     
     $ 
     557,940,763 
     
     $ 
     558,225,217 
   
     Liabilities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Derivative
      liabilities 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,471,607 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,471,607 
   
            Total 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,471,607 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,471,607 
     
 The following table sets forth the Company's financial instruments that
were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2012,
by level within the fair value hierarchy:  
 

   
     
     
     Assets and Liabilities at Fair
      Value 
   
     
            
     Level 1 
            
     Level 2 
            
     Level 3 
            
     Total 
   
     Assets 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Real estate securities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
   
            Agency
RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
   
                  
      30-year adjustable rate mortgage 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $       
     3,240,330 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $       
     3,240,330 
   
                  
      30-year fixed rate mortgage 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     66,519,702 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     66,519,702 
   
           
      Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     100,911,651 
     
     
     100,911,651 
   
                         
       Total 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     69,760,032 
     
     $ 
     100,911,651 
     
     $ 
     170,671,683 
   
     Liabilities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Derivative
      liabilities 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,144,744 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,144,744 
   
                         
       Total 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,144,744 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     1,144,744 
     
 The following table presents additional information about the Company's
financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
 
 

   
     
            
     December 31, 2013 
            
     December 31, 2012 
   
     
     
     Mortgage loans 
            
     RMBS 
     
     Mortgage loans 
            
     RMBS 
   
     Beginning balance 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     
     $       
     100,911,651 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $       
     76,473,092 
     
   
     Total net transfers into/out of Level
      3 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Acquisitions 
     
     
     334,162,044 
     
     
     
     234,397,506 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     68,617,460 
     
   
     Proceeds from sales 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (68,190,593 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     (43,379,205 
     ) 
   
     Net accretion of
      discounts 
     
     
     3,059,231 
     
     
     
     3,727,702 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     1,337,369 
     
   
     Proceeds from principal repayments 
     
     
     (13,871,059 
     ) 
     
     
     (39,338,730 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     (16,938,626 
     ) 
   
     Total losses
      (realized/unrealized) included in 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            earnings 
     
     
     (6,344,877 
     ) 
     
     
     (9,138,009 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     (2,579,401 
     ) 
   
     Total gains (realized/unrealized) included
      in 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
   
           
      earnings 
     
     
     14,780,203 
     
     
     
     3,785,694 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
     17,380,962 
     
   
     Ending balance 
     
     $ 
     331,785,542 
     
     
     $ 
     226,155,221 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     100,911,651 
     
   
     The amount of total gains or (losses) for
      the 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            period
      included in earnings attributable to 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            the
      change in unrealized gains or losses 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      relating to assets or liabilities still held at the 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      reporting date 
     
     $ 
     7,136,482 
     
     
     $ 
     (2,822,969 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     10,764,268 
     
     
 There were no financial assets or liabilities that were accounted for at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012.
There were no transfers into or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during the
years ended December 31, 2013, and December 31, 2012.  
 - 94 -  
 

 
       The following
table presents quantitative information about the Company's mortgage loans which
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Company has
utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:  
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair
Value Measurements 
 

   
     
     
     Fair Value as
      of 
     
     Valuation 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
   
     
            
     December 31, 2013 
            
     Technique(s) 
            
     Unobservable Input 
            
     Min/Max 
            
     Average 
   
     Mortgage 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Loans 
     
     $ 
     331,785,542 
     
     Model 
     
     Constant voluntary
      prepayment 
     
     1.2 
     % 
     
     8.4 
     % 
     
     3.9 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     Constant default
      rate 
     
     0.4 
     % 
     
     4.6 
     % 
     
     3.3 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Loss severity 
     
     8.9 
     % 
     
     43.2 
     % 
     
     27.1 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Delinquency 
     
           3.3 
     % 
     
           13.2 
     % 
     
     11.2 
     % 
     
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company purchased mortgage
loans having an unpaid principal balance of $412.8 million for $334.2 million.
The Company determined the accretable yield on these mortgage loans to be a
total of $222.9 million at the time of purchase. The total accretable yield on
the Company's mortgage loans at December 31, 2013 was $223.4 million.
 
     
 The following table presents quantitative information about the Company's
real estate securities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
 
 Quantitative Information about Level
3 Fair Value Measurements  
 

   
     
     
     Fair Value 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     as of 
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
     
     
     
   
     
            
     December 31, 2013 
            
     Valuation Technique(s) 
            
     Unobservable Input 
            
     Min/Max 
            
     Average 
   
     Non-Agency 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
   
            RMBS (1) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Alternative – A 
     
     $       
     81,686,529 
     
     Broker quotes/comparable
    trades 
     
     Constant voluntary prepayment 
     
     2.0 
     % 
     
     34.4 
     % 
     
     15.0 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     Constant default rate 
     
     0.4 
     % 
     
     8.3 
     % 
     
     3.2 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Loss severity 
     
     0.0 
     % 
     
     67.3 
     % 
     
     29.4 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Delinquency 
     
     1.6 
     % 
     
     27.4 
     % 
     
     10.6 
     % 
   
       
   
     Pay option
      adjustable 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            rate 
     
     
     27,435,843 
     
     Broker quotes/comparable trades 
     
     Constant voluntary
      prepayment 
     
     1.2 
     % 
     
     19.7 
     % 
     
     8.9 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Constant default
      rate 
     
     1.9 
     % 
     
     9.7 
     % 
     
     4.9 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Loss severity 
     
     0.2 
     % 
     
     66.3 
     % 
     
     40.4 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Delinquency 
     
     9.4 
     % 
     
     34.8 
     % 
     
     17.5 
     % 
   
       
   
     Prime 
     
     
     98,529,042 
     
     Broker quotes/comparable trades 
     
     Constant voluntary
      prepayment 
     
     2.3 
     % 
     
     19.9 
     % 
     
     10.1 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Constant default
      rate 
     
     1.2 
     % 
     
     9.1 
     % 
     
     4.4 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Loss severity 
     
     0.3 
     % 
     
     66.8 
     % 
     
     30.8 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Delinquency 
     
     4.1 
     % 
     
     29.1 
     % 
     
     13.4 
     % 
   
       
   
     Subprime 
     
     
     18,503,807 
     
     Broker quotes/comparable trades 
     
     Constant voluntary
      prepayment 
     
     1.9 
     % 
     
     12.3 
     % 
     
     6.4 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Constant default
      rate 
     
     3.5 
     % 
     
     11.7 
     % 
     
     4.7 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Loss severity 
     
     5.9 
     % 
     
     77.9 
     % 
     
     42.9 
     % 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Delinquency 
     
           14.4 
     % 
     
           27.9 
     % 
     
     17.6 
     % 
   
     Total
      Non-Agency 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            RMBS 
     
     $       
     226,155,221 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
____________________ 
 

   
     (1) 
            
     The Company uses third-party
      dealer quotes to estimate fair value of some of its financial assets. The
      Company verifies selected prices by using a variety of methods, including
      comparing prices to internally estimated prices and corroborating the
      prices by reference to other independent market data, such as relevant
      benchmark indices and prices of similar instruments. Where the Company has
      disclosed unobservable inputs for broker quotes or comparable trades,
      those inputs are based on the Company's validations performed at the
      security level. 
     
 The fair value measurements of these assets are sensitive to changes in
assumptions regarding prepayment, probability of default, loss severity in the
event of default, forecasts of home prices, and significant activity or
developments in the non-Agency securities market. Significant changes in any of
those inputs in isolation may result in significantly higher or lower fair value
measurements. A change in the assumption used for forecasts of home price
changes is accompanied by directionally opposite changes in the assumptions used
for probability of default and loss severity. Significant increases (decreases)
in any of these inputs in isolation would result in significantly lower (higher)
fair value measurements. 
 - 95 -  
 

 
 Fair Value Option
 
       Changes in
fair value for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option was
elected are recognized in income as they occur. The fair value option may be
elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis at initial recognition of an asset
or liability or upon an event that gives rise to a new basis of accounting for
that instrument.  
     
 The following table presents the
difference between the fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal amount
and/or notional balance of assets for which the fair value option was elected:
 
 

   
     
     
     December 31, 2013 
     
     December 31, 2012 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Unpaid 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Unpaid 
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Principal 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Principal 
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     and/or 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     and/or 
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Notional 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Notional 
     
     
     
     
   
     
            
     Fair Value 
            
     Balance (1) 
            
     Difference 
            
     Fair Value 
            
     Balance 
            
     Difference 
   
     Financial instruments, at 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            fair
    value 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Assets 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Mortgage loans 
     
     $       
     331,785,542 
     
     $ 
     398,828,497 
     
     $       
     (67,042,955 
     ) 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $       
     — 
     
   
           
       Real estate securities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                         
       30-year adjustable 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                                
       rate mortgage 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     3,240,330 
     
     
     3,083,892 
     
     
     156,438 
     
   
                         
       30-year fixed rate 
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                                
       mortgage 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     66,519,702 
     
     
     61,034,333 
     
     
     5,485,369 
     
   
                  
       Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     226,155,221 
     
     
     324,241,597 
     
     
     (98,086,376 
     ) 
     
     
     100,911,651 
     
     
     109,197,632 
     
     
     (8,285,981 
     ) 
   
                         
       Total RMBS 
     
     
     226,155,221 
     
     
     324,241,597 
     
     
     (98,086,376 
     ) 
     
     
     170,671,683 
     
     
     173,315,857 
     
     
     (2,644,174 
     ) 
   
     Total
      financial 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            instruments, at
      fair 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            value 
     
     $ 
     557,940,763 
     
     $       
     723,070,094 
     
     $ 
     (165,129,331 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     170,671,683 
     
     $       
     173,315,857 
     
     $ 
     (2,644,174 
     ) ____________________ 
 

   
     (1) 
             
     Non-Agency RMBS
      includes an IO with a notional balance of $64.3
  million. 
 Fair Value of Other Financial
Instruments  
     
 In addition to the above disclosures regarding assets or liabilities
which are recorded at fair value, U.S. GAAP requires disclosure about the fair
value of all other financial instruments. Estimated fair value of financial
instruments was determined by the Company using available market information and
appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary to
interpret market data and develop estimated fair values. The use of different
market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on
estimated fair values.  
     
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair value for all other
financial instruments:  
 

   
     
            
     December 31, 2013 
            
     December 31, 2012 
   
     Other financial instruments 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Assets 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Cash 
     
     $ 
     57,060,806 
     
     $ 
     19,061,110 
   
           
      Restricted cash 
     
     
     2,128,236 
     
     
     3,768,151 
   
     Liabilities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Loan
      repurchase facility 
     
     $ 
     236,727,512 
     
     $ 
     — 
   
            Securities
      repurchase agreements 
     
     
     138,790,158 
     
     
     109,270,298 
   
           
      Exchangeable Senior Notes 
     
     
     54,737,573 
     
     
     — 
   
            Common stock
      repurchase liability 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     11,190,687 
 - 96 -  
 

 
       Cash includes
cash on hand for which fair value equals carrying value (a Level 1 measurement).
Restricted cash represents the Company's cash held by counterparties as
collateral against the Company's derivatives, Loan Repurchase Facility and
securities repurchase agreements. Due to the short-term nature of the
restrictions, fair value approximates carrying value (a Level 1 measurement).
The fair value of securities repurchase agreements and of the Loan Repurchase
Facility is based on an expected present value technique using observable market
interest rates. As such, the Company considers the estimated fair value to be a
Level 2 measurement. This method discounts future estimated cash flows using
rates the Company determined best reflect current market interest rates that
would be offered for loans with similar characteristics and credit quality. The
fair value of the common stock repurchase liability is equal to the agreed upon
purchase price. The Company considers the estimated fair value to be a Level 3
measurement. The fair value of the Exchangeable Senior Notes is based on
observable market prices (a Level 2 measurement).  
 4.  Mortgage Loans  
     
 On March 22, 2013, the Company purchased a residential mortgage loan
portfolio with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately $17.7
million.  
     
 On May 30, 2013, the Company entered into the Loan Repurchase Facility
and utilized approximately $10.6 million of the Loan Repurchase Facility to
finance its then existing residential mortgage loan portfolio.  
     
 On May 31, 2013, the Company utilized approximately $78.5 million of the
Loan Repurchase Facility to fund a portion of the purchase price of its
acquisition of a residential mortgage loan portfolio with an unpaid principal
balance of approximately $134.5 million.  
     
 On July 25, 2013, the Company utilized approximately $98.7 million of its
Loan Repurchase Facility to fund a portion of the purchase price of its
acquisition of a residential mortgage loan portfolio with an unpaid principal
balance of approximately $162.4 million.  
     
 On August 28, 2013, the Company utilized approximately $54.8 million of
its Loan Repurchase Facility to fund a portion of the purchase price of its
acquisition of a residential mortgage loan portfolio with an unpaid principal
balance of approximately $98.2 million.  
     
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
Company's mortgage loan portfolio at December 31, 2013:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
         
     Unpaid 
         
     
     
     
     
     
     
         
     
     
     
     
         
     
   
     
     
     Principal 
     
     Premium 
     
     Amortized 
     
        Gross
      Unrealized (1)      
     
     
     
     
         Weighted
      Average     
   
     
     
     Balance 
     
     (Discount) 
         
     Cost 
     
     Gains 
         
     Losses 
         
     Fair Value 
     
     Coupon 
         
     Yield (2)   
   
     Mortgage Loans 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Performing 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      Fixed 
     
     $       
     212,701,494 
     
     $       
     (43,530,581 
     ) 
     
     $       
     169,170,913 
     
     $       
     7,842,598 
     
     $       
     (3,558,171 
     ) 
     
     $       
     173,455,340 
     
     4.56 
     % 
     
     7.05 
     % 
   
            ARM 
     
     
     170,178,466 
     
     
     (25,617,563 
     ) 
     
     
     144,560,903 
     
     
     5,088,302 
     
     
     (1,556,430 
     ) 
     
     
     148,092,775 
     
     3.76 
     
     
     6.67 
     
   
     Total performing 
     
     
     382,879,960 
     
     
     (69,148,144 
     ) 
     
     
     313,731,816 
     
     
     12,930,900 
     
     
     (5,114,601 
     ) 
     
     
     321,548,115 
     
     4.20 
     
     
     6.88 
     
   
     Non-performing (3) 
     
     
     15,948,537 
     
     
     (5,031,293 
     ) 
     
     
     10,917,244 
     
     
     456,024 
     
     
     (1,135,841 
     ) 
     
     
     10,237,427 
     
     5.06 
     
     
     8.03 
     
   
     Total Mortgage 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
       Loans 
     
     $ 
     398,828,497 
     
     $ 
     (74,179,437 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     324,649,060 
     
     $ 
     13,386,924 
     
     $ 
     (6,250,442 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     331,785,542 
     
     4.24 
     % 
     
     6.91 
     % ____________________ 
 

   
     (1)       
     The Company has elected the fair
      value option pursuant to ASC 825 for its mortgage loans. The Company
      recorded a gain of $7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, as
      change in unrealized gain or loss on mortgage loans in the consolidated
      statements of operations. 
   
     (2) 
     Unleveraged yield. 
   
     (3) 
     Loans that are delinquent for 60
      days or more are considered non-performing. 
 - 97 -  
 

 
     
 The following table presents the
difference between the fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal balance of
the Company's mortgage loan portfolio:  
 

   
     
     
     December 31, 2013 
     
     December 31, 2012 
   
     
     
     
     
            
     Unpaid 
            
     
     
     
            
     
     
            
     Unpaid 
            
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Principal 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Principal 
     
     
     
   
     
            
     Fair Value 
     
     Balance 
     
     Difference 
     
     Fair Value 
     
     Balance 
     
     Difference 
   
     Loan Type 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Performing loans: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Fixed 
     
     $ 
     173,455,340 
     
     $       
     212,701,494 
     
     $       
     (39,246,154 
     ) 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $       
     — 
     
     $       
     — 
   
           
      ARM 
     
     
     148,092,775 
     
     
     170,178,466 
     
     
     (22,085,691 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
   
     Total performing
      loans 
     
     
     321,548,115 
     
     
     382,879,960 
     
     
     (61,331,845 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
   
     Non-performing loans 
     
     
     10,237,427 
     
     
     15,948,537 
     
     
     (5,711,110 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     — 
   
            Total 
     
     $     
       
     331,785,542 
     
     $ 
     398,828,497 
     
     $ 
     (67,042,955 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     — 
       As of December
31, 2013, the mortgage loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans on residential
real estate located throughout the U.S. The following is a summary of certain
concentrations of credit risk in the mortgage loan portfolio:  
 

   
     
            
     December 31, 2013 
            
     December 31, 2012 
   
     Concentration 
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Percentage of fair value of mortgage loans
      with unpaid-principal-balance-to 
     
       
     
     
     
   
           
      current-property-value in excess of 100% 
     
                             73.6 
     % 
     
     — 
   
     Percentage of fair value
      of mortgage loans secured by properties in the following states: 
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Each
      representing 10% or more of fair value: 
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      California 
     
     25.6 
     % 
     
     — 
   
                  
      Florida 
     
     17.8 
     % 
     
     — 
   
            Additional state
      representing more than 5% of fair value: 
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      Georgia 
     
     6.8 
     % 
     
     — 
       At December
31, 2013 the interest rate on the Company's mortgage loan portfolio ranged from
1.75% - 10.49% and the maturity ranged from 1 - 47 years.  
 5.  Real Estate Securities  
     
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
Company's RMBS at December 31, 2013. The Company's non-Agency RMBS portfolio is
not issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or any other U.S. Government
agency or a federally chartered corporation and is therefore subject to
additional credit risks.  
 

   
     
     
     Principal
      or 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Gross Unrealized (1) 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted Average 
   
     
     
     Notional 
     
     Premium 
     
     Amortized 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     Balance 
     
     (Discount) 
         
     Cost 
         
     Gains 
         
     Losses 
         
     Fair Value 
         
     Coupon 
         
     Yield (2)   
   
     Real estate securities 
         
     
     
         
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Alternative -
      A (3) 
     
     $    
     160,590,487 
     
     $    
     (80,206,745 
     ) 
     
     $    
     80,383,742 
     
     $    
     2,414,864 
     
     $    
     (1,112,077 
     ) 
     
     $    
     81,686,529 
     
     4.26 
     % 
     
     6.77 
     % 
   
            Pay
      option adjustable 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      rate 
     
     
     34,374,028 
     
     
     (7,057,026 
     ) 
     
     
     27,317,002 
     
     
     464,756 
     
     
     (345,915 
     ) 
     
     
     27,435,843 
     
     0.76 
     
     
     6.80 
     
   
            Prime 
     
     
     109,136,108 
     
     
     (13,590,489 
     ) 
     
     
     95,545,619 
     
     
     3,751,248 
     
     
     (767,825 
     ) 
     
     
     98,529,042 
     
     4.77 
     
     
     6.45 
     
   
           
      Subprime 
     
     
     20,140,974 
     
     
     (1,894,417 
     ) 
     
     
     18,246,557 
     
     
     536,407 
     
     
     (279,157 
     ) 
     
     
     18,503,807 
     
     1.07 
     
     
     5.97 
     
   
                  
       Total RMBS 
     
     $ 
     324,241,597 
     
     $ 
     (102,748,677 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     221,492,920 
     
     $ 
     7,167,275 
     
     $ 
     (2,504,974 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     226,155,221 
     
     3.80 
     % 
     
     6.57 
     % ____________________ 
 

   
     (1)       
     The Company has elected the fair
      value option pursuant to ASC 825 for its real estate securities. The
      Company recorded a loss of $7.2 million for the year ended December 31,
      2013 as change in unrealized gain or loss on real estate securities in the
      consolidated statements of operations. 
   
     (2) 
     Unleveraged yield. 
   
     (3) 
     Alternative-A RMBS includes an IO
      with a notional balance of $64.3 million. 
 - 98 -  
 

 
       The following
table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's RMBS at December
31, 2012:  
 

   
     
     
     Principal
      or 
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     Notional 
     
     Premium 
     
     Amortized 
     
     Gross
      Unrealized (1) 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted Average 
   
     
         
     Balance 
         
     (Discount) 
         
     Cost 
         
     Gains 
         
     Losses 
         
     Fair Value 
         
     Coupon 
     
     Yield (2) 
   
     
       Real estate
      securities 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            30-year adjustable
      rate 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      mortgage 
     
     $   
     3,083,892 
     
     $   
     351,047 
     
     
     $   
     3,434,939 
     
     $   
     — 
     
     $   
     (194,609 
     ) 
     
     $   
     3,240,330 
     
     2.84 
     % 
     
     
     2.28 
     % 
   
            30-year
      fixed rate 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      mortgage 
     
     
     61,034,333 
     
     
     3,056,889 
     
     
     
     64,091,222 
     
     
     2,442,401 
     
     
     (13,921 
     ) 
     
     
     66,519,702 
     
     3.82 
     
     
     
     3.44 
     
   
     Non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      Alternative – A 
     
     
     38,549,827 
     
     
     (8,606,689 
     ) 
     
     
     29,943,138 
     
     
     3,436,729 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     33,379,867 
     
     5.69 
     
     
     
     7.95 
     
   
            Pay option
      adjustable 
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      rate 
     
     
     1,249,426 
     
     
     (378,803 
     ) 
     
     
     870,623 
     
     
     95,221 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     965,844 
     
     1.19 
     
     
     
     8.67 
     
   
           
      Prime 
     
     
     64,978,647 
     
     
     (8,074,525 
     ) 
     
     
     56,904,122 
     
     
     5,668,301 
     
     
     (2,298 
     ) 
     
     
     62,570,125 
     
     5.79 
     
     
     
     7.34 
     
   
            Subprime 
     
     
     4,419,732 
     
     
     (825,131 
     ) 
     
     
     3,594,601 
     
     
     401,214 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     3,995,815 
     
     0.98 
     
     
     
     9.10 
     
   
                  
       Total RMBS 
     
     $ 
     173,315,857 
     
     $ 
     (14,477,212 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     158,838,645 
     
     $ 
     12,043,866 
     
     $ 
     (210,828 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     170,671,683 
     
     4.81 
     % 
     
     
     5.89 
     % ____________________ 
 

   
     (1)        
     The Company has
      elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825 for its real estate
      securities. The Company recorded a gain of $17.8 million for the year
      ended December 31, 2012, as change in unrealized gain or loss on real
      estate securities in the consolidated statements of
  operations. 
   
     (2) 
     Unleveraged
      yield. 
       The following
table presents certain information regarding the Company's non-Agency RMBS as of
December 31, 2013 by weighted average life:  
 

   
     
     
     Non-Agency RMBS 
   
     
            
     
     
            
     
     
            
     Weighted
      Average 
   
     
     
     Fair Value 
     
     Amortized Cost 
     
     Yield 
   
     Weighted average life (1) 
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
   
     Greater than 5 years 
     
     $       
     226,155,221 
     
     $       
     221,492,920 
     
     6.57 
     % 
   
     
     
     $ 
     226,155,221 
     
     $ 
     221,492,920 
     
                         
      6.57 
     % ____________________ 
 

   
     (1)       
     Actual maturities of
      real estate securities are generally shorter than stated contractual
      maturities. Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the
      associated mortgage collateral, periodic payments of principal,
      prepayments of principal and credit losses. 
       At December 31, 2013, the contractual
maturities of the real estate securities ranged from 7.7 to 33.0 years, with a
weighted average maturity of 24.0 years. All real estate securities held by the
Company at December 31, 2013 were issued by issuers based in the United States.
 
       The following table presents proceeds
from the sale of real estate securities, realized losses on the sale of real
estate securities and realized losses on other-than-temporary impairments:
 
 

   
     
            
     December
      31, 
            
     December
      31, 
            
     December
      31, 
   
     
     
     2013 
     
     2012 
     
     2011 
   
     Proceeds from the sale of
      real estate securities 
     
     $   
     
     291,348,906 
     
     
     $   
     
     74,216,314 
     
     
     $   
     
     7,216,183 
     
   
     Realized (loss)/gain on the sale of real
      estate securities 
     
     
     (7,937,665 
     ) 
     
     
     28,858 
     
     
     
     (1,273,761 
     ) 
   
     Realized (loss) resulting
      from other-than-temporary impairments 
     
     
     (1,108,024 
     ) 
     
     
     (215,345 
     ) 
     
     
     (208,160 
     ) 
       The following
table presents certain information regarding the Company's Agency and non-Agency
RMBS as of December 31, 2012 by weighted average life:  
 

   
     
     
     Agency RMBS 
     
     Non-Agency RMBS 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Amortized 
     
     Weighted 
     
     
     
     Amortized 
     
     Weighted 
   
     
            
     Fair Value 
            
     Cost 
            
     Average
Yield 
            
     Fair Value 
            
     Cost 
            
     Average
  Yield 
   
     Weighted average life (1) 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Greater than 5 years 
     
     $       
     69,760,032 
     
     $       
     67,526,161 
     
                   
      3.38 
     % 
     
     $       
     100,911,651 
     
     $       
     91,312,484 
     
                   
      7.63 
     % 
   
     
     
     $ 
     69,760,032 
     
     $ 
     67,526,161 
     
     3.38 
     % 
     
     $ 
     100,911,651 
     
     $ 
     91,312,484 
     
     7.63 
     % ____________________ 
 

   
     (1)       
     Actual maturities of real estate
      securities are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities.
      Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the associated
      mortgage collateral, periodic payments of principal, prepayments of
      principal and credit losses. 
 - 99 -  
 

 
       At December
31, 2012, the contractual maturities of the real estate securities ranged from
8.6 to 33.7 years, with a weighted average maturity of 26.1 years. All real
estate securities held by the Company at December 31, 2012 were issued by
issuers based in the United States of America.  
 6.  Loan Repurchase Facility  
 Mortgage Loans
 
     
 The Loan Repurchase Facility is used to fund purchases of the Company's
mortgage loans and, during the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company
utilized the Loan Repurchase Facility to fund purchases of a portion of its
residential mortgage loan portfolio with an unpaid principal balance of
approximately $412.8 million at the time of acquisition. The Loan Repurchase
Facility closed on May 30, 2013, and is committed for a period of 364 days from
inception. The obligations are fully guaranteed by the Company.  
     
 The principal amount paid by Citi under the Loan Repurchase Facility for
the Trust Certificate, which represent interests in residential mortgage loans,
is based on a percentage of the lesser of the market value or the unpaid
principal balance of such mortgage loans backing the Trust Certificate. Upon the
Company's repurchase of a Trust Certificate sold to Citi under the Loan
Repurchase Facility, the Company is required to repay Citi a repurchase amount
based on the purchase price plus accrued interest. The Company is also required
to pay Citi a commitment fee for the Loan Repurchase Facility, as well as
certain other administrative costs and expenses in connection with Citi's
structuring, management and ongoing administration of the Loan Repurchase
Facility.  
     
 The Loan Repurchase Facility contains margin call provisions that provide
Citi with certain rights in the event of a decline in the market value of the
mortgage loans backing the purchased Trust Certificate, subject to a floor
amount. Under these provisions, Citi may require the Company to transfer cash
sufficient to eliminate any margin deficit resulting from such a decline.
 
     
 The following table presents certain information regarding the Company's
Loan Repurchase Facility as of December 31, 2013, by remaining maturity:
 
 

   
     
     
     Mortgage loans 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted
      Average 
   
     
           
     Balance 
           
     Rate 
   
     Loan Repurchase Facility borrowings maturing
      within 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     91-180 days 
     
     $       
     236,058,976 
     
                          
      2.92 
     % 
   
            Total/weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     236,058,976 
     
     2.92 
     % 
     
 The following table presents information with respect to the Company's
posting of mortgage loan collateral at December 31, 2013:  
 

   
     Loan Repurchase Facility
      secured by mortgage loans 
            
     $    
       
     236,058,976 
   
     Fair value of Trust Certificates pledged as
      collateral under the Loan Repurchase Facility 
     
     
     331,522,165 
   
     Fair value of mortgage
      loans not pledged as collateral under the Loan Repurchase
    Facility 
     
     
     263,377 
   
     Cash pledged under repurchase agreements
      secured by mortgage loans 
     
     
     — 
     
 The following is a summary of financial information relating to Trust
Certificates at fair value sold under agreements to repurchase:  
 

   
     
     
     December 31,
      2013 
     
     December 31,
      2012 
   
     Period end: 
            
     
     
     
            
     
     
   
           
      Balance 
     
     $ 
     236,058,976 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
   
            Unused
      amount (1) 
     
     
     13,941,024 
     
     
     
     — 
   
           
      Weighted-average interest rate at end of period 
     
     
     2.92 
     % 
     
     
     — 
   
            Fair value of Trust
      Certificates securing Loan Repurchase Facility 
     
     
           331,522,165 
     
     
     
     — 
   
     During the period: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Weighted-average
      interest rate 
     
     
     3.01 
     % 
     
     
     — 
   
            Average
      balance of loans sold under the agreements to repurchase 
     
     
     273,786 
     
     
     
     — 
   
            Maximum daily amount
      outstanding 
     
     
     242,099,994 
     
     
     
     — 
   
            Total
      interest expense 
     
     
     3,612,167 
     
     
     
     — 
	____________________ 
 

   
     (1) 
           
     The amount the Company
      is able to borrow under loan repurchase agreements is tied to the fair
      value of unencumbered Trust Certificates eligible to secure those
      agreements and the Company's ability to fund the agreements' margin
      requirements relating to the collateral sold. 
 - 100 -  
 
 
 
 7.  Securities Repurchase Agreements  
       Repurchase
agreements related to real estate securities involve the sale and a simultaneous
agreement to repurchase the transferred assets or similar assets at a future
date. The amount borrowed generally is equal to the fair value of the assets
pledged less an agreed-upon discount, referred to as a "haircut." Repurchase
agreements related to real estate securities entered into by the Company are
accounted for as financings and require the repurchase of the transferred
securities at the end of each arrangement's term, typically 30 to 90 days. The
Company maintains the beneficial interest in the specific securities pledged
during the term of the repurchase arrangement and receives the related principal
and interest payments. Interest rates on these borrowings are fixed based on
prevailing rates corresponding to the terms of the borrowings, and interest is
paid at the termination of the repurchase arrangement at which time the Company
may enter into a new repurchase arrangement at prevailing market rates with the
same counterparty or repay that counterparty and negotiate financing with a
different counterparty. In response to declines in fair value of pledged
securities due to changes in market conditions or the publishing of monthly
security paydown factors, the lender requires the Company to post additional
securities as collateral, pay down borrowings or establish cash margin accounts
with the counterparty in order to re-establish the agreed-upon collateral
requirements, referred to as margin calls. Under the terms of the Company's
master repurchase agreements related to real estate securities, the counterparty
may sell or re-hypothecate the pledged collateral.  
     
 The following table presents certain information regarding the Company's
real estate securities repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2013 by
remaining maturity and collateral type:  
 

   
     
     
     Agency RMBS 
     
     Non-Agency RMBS 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
   
     
           
     Balance 
           
     Average Rate 
           
     Balance 
           
     Average Rate 
   
     Repurchase agreements maturing
      within 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     30 days or less 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
      — 
     % 
     
     $       
     121,913,678 
     
     1.90 
     % 
   
     31-60 days 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     6,415,000 
     
     1.84 
     
   
     61-90 days 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     10,263,000 
     
     1.85 
     
   
     Greater than 90 days 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
           
      Total/weighted average 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
                 
      — 
     % 
     
     $ 
     138,591,678 
     
               
      1.89 
     % 
     
 The following table presents certain information regarding the Company's
real estate securities repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2012 by
remaining maturity and collateral type:  
 

   
     
     
     Agency RMBS 
     
     Non-Agency
    RMBS 
   
     
     
       
       
     Weighted 
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
   
     
           
     Balance 
           
     Average
Rate 
           
     Balance 
           
     Average
  Rate 
   
     Repurchase agreements maturing
      within 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     30
      days or less 
     
     $       
     44,174,600 
     
     0.49 
     % 
     
     $       
     49,441,377 
     
     2.15 
     % 
   
     31-60 days 
     
     
     10,866,170 
     
     0.49 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
     61-90 days 
     
     
     11,598,320 
     
     0.47 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
     Greater than 90 days 
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     — 
     
   
            Total/weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     66,639,090 
     
              
      0.49 
     % 
     
     $ 
     49,441,377 
     
                      
      2.15 
     % 
 
     
 Although real estate securities repurchase agreements are committed
borrowings until maturity, the lender retains the right to mark the underlying
collateral to fair value. A reduction in the value of pledged assets would
require the Company to provide additional collateral or cash to fund margin
calls.  
     
 The following table presents information with respect to the Company's
posting of RMBS collateral at December 31, 2013:  
 

   
     Securities repurchase agreements secured by
      non-Agency RMBS 
           
     $       
     138,591,678 
   
     Fair value of non-Agency RMBS pledged as collateral under
      securities repurchase agreements 
     
     
     183,722,511 
   
     Fair value of non-Agency RMBS not pledged as
      collateral under securities repurchase agreements 
     
     
     42,432,710 
   
     Cash pledged under securities repurchase agreements
      secured by RMBS 
       
     
     1,360,528 
 - 101 - 
 

 
       The following
table presents information with respect to the Company's posting of RMBS
collateral at December 31, 2012:  
 

   
     Securities repurchase
      agreements secured by Agency RMBS 
            
     $       
     66,639,090 
   
     Fair value of Agency RMBS pledged as
      collateral under securities repurchase agreements 
     
       
     63,535,780 
   
     Fair value of Agency RMBS
      not pledged as collateral under securities repurchase agreements 
       
     
     6,224,252 
   
     Securities repurchase agreements secured by
      non-Agency RMBS 
     
     
     49,441,377 
   
     Fair value of non-Agency
      RMBS pledged as collateral under securities repurchase
agreements 
     
     
     70,003,218 
   
     Fair value of non-Agency RMBS not pledged as
      collateral under securities repurchase agreements 
     
     
     30,908,433 
   
     Cash pledged under
      securities repurchase agreements secured by RMBS 
     
     
     1,335,305 
 8.  8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2016  
     
 On November 25, 2013 the Operating Partnership issued $57.5 million
aggregate principal amount of its Exchangeable Senior Notes. The Exchangeable
Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated November 25, 2013,
between the Company, as guarantor, the Operating Partnership and U.S. Bank
National Association, as trustee. The sale of the Exchangeable Senior Notes
generated net proceeds of approximately $55.3 million. Aggregate estimated
offering expenses in connection with the transaction, including the initial
purchasers' discount of approximately $1.7 million, were approximately $2.2
million. As of December 31, 2013 the carrying value of the Exchangeable Notes
was $54.5 million.  
     
 The Exchangeable Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.0% per year,
payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year,
beginning on May 15, 2014. The estimated effective interest rate of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes, which is equal to the stated rate of 8.0% plus the
amortization of the original issue discount and associated costs, was 10.2% for
the year ended December 31, 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the
interest charged on this indebtedness was $0.6 million. The Exchangeable Senior
Notes will mature on November 15, 2016 (the "Maturity Date"), unless previously
exchanged or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Exchangeable Senior
Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of
payment to the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly
subordinated in right of payment to the Exchangeable Senior Notes; equal in
right of payment to the Company's existing and future unsecured indebtedness
that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of
the Company's secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness
that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets
securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future
indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries,
financing vehicles or similar facilities.  
     
 Holders may exchange their Exchangeable Senior Notes into shares of the
Company’s common stock. The Exchangeable Senior Notes are exchangeable for
shares of the Company's common stock or, to the extent necessary to satisfy NYSE
listing requirements, cash, at the applicable exchange rate at any time prior to
the close of business on the scheduled trading day prior to the Maturity Date.
The Company may not elect to issue shares of common stock upon exchange of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes to the extent such election would result in the
issuance of 20% or more of the common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
issuance of the Exchangeable Senior Notes (or more than 1,779,560 shares of
common stock) unless the Company receives stockholder approval for issuances
above this threshold. 
     
 As a result of the NYSE related limitation on the use of share-settlement
for the full exchange option, the embedded exchange option does not qualify for
equity classification and instead is separately valued and accounted for as a
derivative liability. The initial value allocated to the derivative liability
was $1.3 million, which represents a discount to the debt to be amortized
through interest expense using the effective interest method through the
maturity of the Exchangeable Senior Notes. During each reporting period, the
derivative liability is marked to fair value through earnings. As of December
31, 2013, the derivative liability had a fair value of $1.5 million.  
     
 The exchange rate was initially 52.5417 shares of common stock per $1,000
principal amount of Exchangeable Senior Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange
price of approximately $19.03 per share of common stock). The exchange rate will
be subject to adjustment for certain events, including for regular quarterly
dividends in excess of $0.50 per share, but will not be adjusted for any accrued
and unpaid interest. In addition, if certain corporate events occur prior to the
Maturity Date, the exchange rate will be increased but will in no event exceed
60.4229 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable
Senior Notes. The exchange rate was adjusted on December 27, 2013, to 54.3103
shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Senior Notes
pursuant to the Company's special dividend of $0.55 per share of common stock
and OP unit declared on December 19, 2013. 
 - 102 - 
 

 
       The Company
does not have the right to redeem the Exchangeable Senior Notes prior to the
Maturity Date, except to the extent necessary to preserve its qualification as a
REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No sinking fund is provided for the
Exchangeable Senior Notes. In addition, if the Company undergoes certain
corporate events that constitute a "fundamental change," the holders of the
Exchangeable Senior Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or
part of their Exchangeable Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of
the principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus
accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase
date.  
 9.  Derivative Instruments  
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements
 
     
 To help mitigate exposure to higher short-term interest rates, the
Company uses currently-paying and forward-starting, three-month LIBOR-indexed,
pay-fixed, receive-variable, interest rate swap agreements. These agreements
establish an economic fixed rate on related borrowings because the variable-rate
payments received on the interest rate swap agreements largely offset interest
accruing on the related borrowings, leaving the fixed-rate payments to be paid
on the interest rate swap agreements as the Company's effective borrowing rate,
subject to certain adjustments including changes in spreads between variable
rates on the interest rate swap agreements and actual borrowing rates.
 
     
 The Company's interest rate swap agreements have not been designated as
hedging instruments.  
 TBA Securities
 
     
 The Company enters into TBA contracts as a means of acquiring exposure to
Agency RMBS and may, from time to time, utilize TBA dollar roll transactions to
finance Agency RMBS purchases. The Company may also enter into TBA contracts as
a means of hedging against short-term changes in interest rates. The Company
accounts for its TBA contracts as derivative instruments due to the fact that it
does not intend to take physical delivery of the securities. At December 31,
2013 the Company has no remaining exposure to TBA contracts. During the year
ended December 31, 2013, the Company realized losses of $4.8 million as a result
of the termination of open TBA positions.  
 Conversion Option – 8%
Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2016  
     
 Changes in the fair value of the conversion option derivative related to
the Exchangeable Senior Notes are recorded through current period earnings. As
of December 31, 2013, the Company has recognized a $0.1 million loss in
gain/(loss) on derivative instruments in its consolidated statement of
operations.  
     
 The following table summarizes information related to derivative
instruments:  
 

   
     
     
     December
      31, 
     
     December
      31, 
   
     Non-hedge derivatives 
           
     2013 
           
     2012 
   
     Notional amount of
      interest rate swaps 
     
     $       
     17,200,000 
     
     $       
     32,600,000 
   
            Total notional
      amount 
     
     $ 
     17,200,000 
     
     $ 
     32,600,000 
     
 The following table presents the fair value of the Company's derivative
instruments and their balance sheet location:  
 

   
       
     
     
     
     
     
     December 31, 
     
     December 31, 
   
     Derivative
      instruments 
           
     Designation 
           
     Balance Sheet
      Location 
           
     2013 
           
     2012 
   
     Interest rate swaps 
     
     Non-hedge 
     
     Derivative assets/(liabilities), at fair
      value 
     
     $      
     284,454 
     
     
     $      
     (1,144,744 
     ) 

   
     Exchangeable Senior Notes conversion option 
     
     Non-hedge 
     
     Derivative liabilities, at fair value 
     
     $ 
     (1,471,607 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
 - 103 - 
 

 
       The following
table summarizes gains and losses related to derivatives:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Period
      from 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     July 29,
      2011 
   
     
     
     
     
     Year
      Ended 
     
     Year
      Ended 
     
     (Inception)
      to 
   
     
     
     
     
     December
      31, 
     
     December
      31, 
     
     December
      31, 
   
     Non-hedge derivatives 
           
     Income Statement Location 
           
     2013 
           
     2012 
           
     2011 
   
     Interest rate
    swaps 
     
     Gain/(loss) on derivative
      instruments 
     
     $       
     10,548,012 
     
     
     $       
     (1,171,219 
     ) 
     
     $          
     (235,599 
     ) 
   
     Exchangeable Senior Notes conversion
      option 
     
     Gain/(loss) on derivative
      instruments 
     
     
     (147,201 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
   
     TBAs 
     
     Gain/(loss) on derivative
      instruments 
     
     
     (4,785,996 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     — 
     
     
 The following table presents information about the Company's interest
rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2013:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
     
     Weighted 
     
     Weighted 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Average
      Pay 
     
     Average
      Receive 
     
     Average Years
      to 
   
     Maturity 
           
     Notional Amount 
           
     Rate 
           
     Rate 
           
     Maturity 
   
     2023 
     
     $ 
     17,200,000 
     
     2.72 
     % 
     
     0.24 
     % 
     
     9.6 
   
            Total/Weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     17,200,000 
     
               
       2.72 
     % 
     
                      
      0.24 
     % 
     
     9.6 
     
 The following table presents information about the Company's interest
rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2012:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     Weighted 
     
     Weighted 
     
     Weighted 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Average
      Pay 
     
     Average
      Receive 
     
     Average Years
      to 
   
     Maturity 
           
     Notional Amount 
           
     Rate 
           
     Rate 
           
     Maturity 
   
     2016 
     
     $ 
     12,102,000 
     
     1.21 
     % 
     
     0.31 
     % 
     
     3.7 
   
     2017 
     
     
     11,050,000 
     
     1.28 
     
     
     0.31 
     
     
     4.3 
   
     2021 
     
     
     9,448,000 
     
     2.16 
     
     
     0.31 
     
     
     8.7 
   
            Total/Weighted
      average 
     
     $ 
     32,600,000 
     
                  
      1.51 
     % 
     
                      
      0.31 
     % 
     
     5.3 
     
 Restricted cash at December 31, 2013 included $0.8 million of cash
pledged as collateral against interest rate swap agreements. Restricted cash at
December 31, 2012 included $2.4 million of cash pledged as collateral against
interest rate swaps.  
 10.  Earnings Per Share  
     
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the earnings and shares
used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share:  
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Period from 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     July 29, 2011 
   
     
     
     Year
      Ended 
     
     Year
      Ended 
     
     (Inception) to 
   
     
           
     December 31,
2013 
           
     December 31,
2012 
           
     December
      31, 2011 
   
     Numerator: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Net income/(loss) attributable to ZAIS
      Financial Corp. common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      Stockholders 
     
     $ 
     6,657,728 
     
     $ 
     19,433,802 
     
     $       
             
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Effect of dilutive
      securities: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Net
      income allocated to non-controlling interests 
     
     
     880,358 
     
     
     362,324 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Dilutive net income/(loss) available to
      stockholders 
     
     $ 
     7,538,086 
     
     $ 
     19,796,126 
     
     $ 
     (5,134,466 
     ) 
   
     Denominator: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Weighted average number
      of shares of common stock 
     
     
     7,273,366 
     
     
     2,724,252 
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
   
     Effect of dilutive securities: 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            Weighted average number
      of OP units 
     
     
     926,914 
     
     
     49,593 
     
     
     — 
     
   
     Weighted average
      dilutive shares 
     
     
     8,200,280 
     
     
     2,773,845 
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
   
             Net
      income/(loss) per share applicable to ZAIS Financial
    Corp. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       common stockholders – Basic/Diluted 
     
     $ 
     .92 
     
     $ 
     7.13 
     
     $ 
     (1.70 
     ) 
 - 104 - 
 

 
       As of December
31, 2013, there were 1,779,560 potential shares of common stock issuable upon
the conversion of the Exchangeable Senior Notes excluded from the calculation of
diluted earnings per share as such inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  
 11.  Related Party Transactions  
 ZAIS REIT Management, LLC
 
     
 The Company is externally managed and advised by the Advisor, a
subsidiary of ZAIS. Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the Advisor
is responsible for managing the Company's affairs on a day-to-day basis
including, among other responsibilities, (i) the selection, purchase and sale of
the Company's portfolio of assets, (ii) the Company's financing activities and
(iii) providing the Company with advisory services.  
     
 The Company pays to its Advisor an advisory fee, calculated and payable
quarterly in arrears, equal to 1.5% per annum of the Company's stockholders'
equity, as defined in the amended and restated investment advisory agreement
between the Company and the Advisor, dated as of December 13, 2012, as amended
from time to time (the "Investment Advisory Agreement"). Prior to the Company's
IPO, the advisory fee paid to the Advisor was calculated based on the Company's
net asset value, as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement.  
     
 The Advisor may be paid or reimbursed for the documented cost of its
performing certain services for the Company, which may include legal,
accounting, due diligence tasks and other services, that outside professionals
or outside consultants otherwise would perform, provided that such costs and
reimbursements are in amounts which are no greater than those which would be
payable to outside professionals or consultants engaged to perform such services
pursuant to agreements negotiated on an arm's-length basis. In addition, the
Company may be required to pay its portion of rent, telephone, utilities, office
furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses
of the Advisor and its affiliates required for the Company's operations. To
date, the Advisor has not sought reimbursement for the services and expenses
described in the two preceding sentences. The Advisor may seek such
reimbursement in the future, as a result of which the expense ratio of the
Company may increase. The Company will also pay directly, or reimburse the
Advisor for, products and services provided by third parties to the Company,
other than those operating expenses required to be borne by the Advisor under
the Investment Advisory Agreement. After an initial three-year term, the Advisor
may be terminated annually upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
the Company's independent directors or by a vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock based upon
(i) unsatisfactory performance by the Advisor that is materially detrimental to
the Company or (ii) a determination that the advisory fees payable to the
Advisor are not fair, subject to the Advisor's right to prevent such termination
due to unfair fees by accepting a reduction of advisory fees agreed to by at
least two-thirds of the Company's independent directors. Additionally, upon such
a termination without cause, the Investment Advisory Agreement provides that the
Company will pay the Advisor a termination fee equal to three times the average
annual advisory fee earned by the Advisor during the prior 24-month period
immediately preceding such termination, calculated as of the end of the most
recently completed fiscal year before the date of termination.  
     
 For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company incurred $2.6
million and $0.9 million in advisory fee expense, respectively. At December 31,
2013, $0.7 million in advisory fee expense was included in accounts payable and
other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The advisory fee was
calculated and payable as set forth above.  
     
 For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company acquired RMBS with a
principal balance of $17.4 million for $15.7 million from a fund managed by
ZAIS.  
 12.  Stockholders' Equity   
 Common Stock  
     
 The holders of shares of the Company's common stock are entitled to one
vote per share on all matters voted on by common stockholders, including
election of the Company's directors. The Company's charter does not provide for
cumulative voting in the election of directors. Therefore, the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock can elect its
entire board of directors. Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding
series of preferred stock, the holders of shares of the Company's common stock
are entitled to such distributions as may be authorized from time to time by the
Company's board of directors out of legally available funds and declared by the
Company and, upon liquidation, are entitled to receive all assets available for
distribution to stockholders. Holders of shares of the Company's common stock do
not have preemptive rights. This means that stockholders do not have an
automatic option to purchase any new shares of common stock that the Company
issues. In addition, stockholders only have appraisal rights under circumstances
specified by the Company's board of directors or where mandated by law.
  
 - 105 - 
 

 
 Initial Public Offering
 
       On February
13, 2013, the Company completed its IPO, pursuant to which the Company sold
5,650,000 shares of its common stock to the public at a price of $21.25 per
share for gross proceeds of $120.1 million. Net proceeds after the payment of
offering costs of approximately $1.2 million were $118.9 million. In connection
with the IPO, the Advisor paid $6.3 million in underwriting fees. The Company
did not pay any underwriting fees, discounts or commissions in connection with
the IPO above those paid by the Advisor.  
 Common Stock Repurchase
 
     
 In January 2013, the Company's agreement with one of its stockholders to
repurchase 515,035 shares of common stock was amended to require the Company to
repurchase only 265,245 shares of the Company's common stock. The amended
repurchase amount was approximately $5.8 million which was predominantly paid to
such stockholder during the three months ended March 31, 2013 with the remaining
amount paid during the three months ended June 30, 2013.  
     
 The Company had 7,970,886 and 2,071,096 shares of common stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively.
 
 Private Placements  
     
 In October 2012, the Company completed a private placement in which it
sold 195,458 shares of common stock and the Operating Partnership sold 22,492 OP
units. In December 2012, the Company completed a private placement in which it
sold 36,581 shares of common stock and the Operating Partnership sold 904,422 OP
units. Net proceeds from the two private placements were $25,151,174, net of
approximately $763,000 in offering costs.  
 Dividends and Distributions
 
     
 On May 1, 2012, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.51 per share
of common stock. The common stock dividend was paid on May 15, 2012 to
stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 1, 2012.  
     
 On June 5, 2012, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.57 per share
of common stock. The common stock dividend was paid on June 21, 2012 to
stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 5, 2012.  
     
 On October 22, 2012, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.89 per
share of common stock and OP unit. The dividend was paid on October 29, 2012 to
stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on
October 22, 2012.  
     
 On November 29, 2012, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.98 per
share of common stock and OP unit. The dividend was paid on December 6, 2012 to
stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on
November 29, 2012.  
     
 On December 19, 2012, the Company declared a cash dividend of $1.16 per
share of common stock and OP unit. The dividend was paid on December 26, 2012 to
stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on
December 19, 2012.  
 - 106 - 
 

 
       On May 14,
2013, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per share of common stock
and OP unit. The dividend was paid on May 31, 2013 to stockholders and OP unit
holders of record as of the close of business on May 24, 2013.  
     
 On June 25, 2013, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.45 per share
of common stock and OP unit. The dividend was paid on July 23, 2013 to
stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on July
9, 2013.  
     
 On September 18, 2013, the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.50 per
share of common stock and OP unit. The dividend was payable on October 11, 2013
to stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on
September 30, 2013.  
     
 On December 19, 2013, the Company declared a regular cash dividend of
$0.40 per share of common stock and OP unit for the fourth quarter ending
December 31, 2013, and an additional special cash dividend of $0.55 per share of
its common stock and OP unit. The Company declared the additional special cash
dividend to distribute taxable income from 2013 attributable to the termination
of interest rate swap contracts. The dividend was payable on January 15, 2014 to
stockholders and OP unit holders of record as of the close of business on
December 31, 2013.  
     
 The Company has determined that the $2.12 dividend per share of common
stock paid during the year ended December 31, 2013 represented 100% ordinary
income and no return of capital to its stockholders. The Company has determined
that the $4.11 dividend per share of common stock paid during the year ended
December 31, 2012 represented approximately 84.4% ordinary income and
approximately 15.6% capital gain to its stockholders. No dividends were paid
during the period from July 29, 2011 (Inception) to December 31, 2011.
 
 Preferred Shares
 
     
 The Company's charter authorizes its board of directors to classify and
reclassify any unissued shares of its common stock and preferred stock into
other classes or series of stock. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or
series, the board of directors is required by the Company's charter to set,
subject to the charter restrictions on transfer of its stock, the terms,
preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions,
limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or
conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, the board of directors
could authorize the issuance of shares of common stock or preferred stock with
terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a transaction or change in control that might involve a premium price
for holders of the Company's common stock or otherwise be in their best
interest.  
     
 On January 18, 2012 the Company completed a private placement of 133
shares of its 12.5% Series A Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock (the "Series
A Preferred Stock") raising net proceeds of $115,499, net of $17,501 in offering
fees.  
     
 On February 15, 2013, the Company redeemed all 133 shares of its 12.5%
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding for an aggregate redemption price,
including preferred dividend, of $148,379.  
 13.  Non-controlling Interests in Operating Partnership   
     
 Non-controlling interests in the Operating Partnership in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements relate to OP units in the
Operating Partnership held by parties other than the Company.  
     
 Certain individuals and entities own OP units in the Operating
Partnership. An OP unit and a share of common stock of the Company have
substantially the same economic characteristics in as much as they effectively
share equally in the net income or loss of the Operating Partnership. OP unit
holders have the right to redeem their OP units, subject to certain
restrictions. The redemption is required to be satisfied in shares of common
stock or cash at the Company's option, calculated as follows: one share of the
Company's common stock, or cash equal to the fair value of a share of the
Company's common stock at the time of redemption, for each OP unit. When an OP
unit holder redeems an OP unit, non-controlling interest in the Operating
Partnership is reduced and the Company's equity is increased. As of December 31,
2013, the non-controlling interest OP unit holders owned 926,914 OP units, or
10.4% of the OP Units issued by the Operating Partnership. As of December 31,
2012, the non-controlling interest OP unit holders owned 926,914 OP units, or
30.9% of the OP Units issued by the Operating Partnership.  
 - 107 - 
 

 
       Pursuant to
ASC 810, Consolidation, regarding the accounting and reporting for
non-controlling interests and changes in ownership interests of a subsidiary,
changes in a parent's ownership interest (and transactions with non-controlling
interest unit holders in the Operating Partnership) while the parent retains its
controlling interest in its subsidiary, should be accounted for as equity
transactions. The carrying amount of the non-controlling interest shall be
adjusted to reflect the change in its ownership interest in the subsidiary, with
the offset to equity attributable to the Company.  
 14.  Commitments and Contingencies  
 Advisor Services
 
     
 The Company is dependent on the Advisor for certain services that are
essential to the Company, including the identification, evaluation, negotiation,
origination, acquisition and disposition of investments; management of the daily
operations of the Company's investment portfolio including determination of fair
value; and other general and administrative responsibilities. In the event that
the Advisor is unable to provide the respective services, the Company will be
required to obtain such services from an alternative source.  
 Litigation  
     
 From time to time, the Company may become involved in various claims and
legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. Management is not
aware of any contingencies that would require accrual or disclosure in the
financial statements at December 31, 2013 or December 31, 2012.  
 15.  Offsetting Assets and Liabilities  
     
 The following tables present information about certain assets and
liabilities that are subject to master netting arrangements (or similar
agreements) and can potentially be offset on the Company's consolidated balance
sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
 Offsetting of
Assets 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Net Amounts of 
     
     Gross Amounts Not Offset in
the 
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Gross Amounts 
     
     Assets Presented 
     
     Consolidated Balance Sheet 
     
     
     
   
     
     
     Gross Amounts 
     
     Offset in the 
     
     in the 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     of Recognized 
     
     Consolidated 
     
     Consolidated 
     
     Financial 
     
     Cash Collateral 
     
     
     
   
     
           
     Assets 
           
     Balance Sheet 
           
     Balance Sheet 
           
     Instruments 
           
     Pledged 
           
     Net Amount 
   
     December 31, 2013 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Interest rate swap 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            agreements 
     
     $ 
     396,068 
     
     $          
     
     (111,614 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     284,454 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     767,708 
     
     $       
     1,052,162 
   
           
       Total 
     
     $ 
     396,068 
     
     $ 
     (111,614 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     284,454 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     767,708 
     
     $ 
     1,052,162 
 Offsetting of
Liabilities 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     Net Amounts
      of 
     
     Gross Amounts
      Not Offset in the 
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
     Gross
      Amounts 
     
     Liabilities 
     
     Consolidated
      Balance Sheet 
     
     
     
   
     
     
     Gross Amounts 
     
     Offset in
      the 
     
     Presented in
      the 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     of
      Recognized 
     
     Consolidated 
     
     Consolidated 
     
     Financial 
     
     Cash
      Collateral 
     
     
     
   
     
           
     Liabilities 
           
     Balance Sheet 
           
     Balance Sheet 
           
     Instruments 
           
     Pledged 
           
     Net Amount 
   
     December 31, 2013 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Loan repurchase facility 
     
     $       
     236,058,976 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $       
     236,058,976 
     
     $       
     (236,058,976 
     ) 
     
     $         
     — 
     
     
     $ 
     — 
   
     Securities
      repurchase 
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            agreements 
     
     
     138,591,678 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     138,591,678 
     
     
     (137,231,150 
     ) 
     
     
     (1,360,528 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
   
            Total 
     
     $ 
     374,650,654 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     374,650,654 
     
     $ 
     (373,290,126 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     (1,360,528 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     — 
   
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     December 31, 2012 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     Securities repurchase 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
      agreements 
     
     $ 
     116,080,467 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     116,080,467 
     
     $ 
     (114,745,162 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     (1,335,305 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     — 
   
     Interest rate
    swap 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
            agreements 
     
     
     1,144,744 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     1,144,744 
     
     
     — 
     
     
     
     (1,144,744 
     ) 
     
     
     — 
   
     
     
     $ 
     117,225,211 
     
     $ 
     — 
     
     $ 
     117,225,211 
     
     $ 
     (114,745,162 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     (2,480,049 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     — 
 - 108 - 
 

 
 16.  Quarterly Results (Unaudited) 
 
       The
following is a presentation of the quarterly results of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
 

   
     
     
     For the Three Months
      Ended 
   
     
           
     December 31,
      2013 
           
     September 30,
    2013 
           
     June 30, 2013 
           
     March 31,
    2013 
   
     Total interest income 
     
     $ 
     8,773,339 
     
     $        
       
     8,273,444 
     
     
     $       
     5,935,511 
     
     
     $       
     3,436,033 
   
     Total interest expense 
     
     
     3,090,565 
     
     
     2,333,139 
     
     
     
     1,156,780 
     
     
     
     514,035 
   
            Net
      interest income 
     
     
     5,682,774 
     
     
     5,940,305 
     
     
     
     4,778,731 
     
     
     
     2,921,998 
   
     Total other gain/(loss) 
     
     
     6,033,137 
     
     
     1,172,969 
     
     
     
     (10,527,875 
     ) 
     
     
     1,155,515 
   
     Total expenses 
     
     
     2,715,456 
     
     
     2,965,082 
     
     
     
     1,819,733 
     
     
     
     2,103,818 
   
            Net
income/(loss) 
     
     
     9,000,455 
     
     
     4,148,192 
     
     
     
     (7,568,877 
     ) 
     
     
     1,973,695 
   
            Net
      income/(loss) attributable to ZAIS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
      Financial Corp. common stockholders 
     
     $ 
     8,062,847 
     
     $ 
     3,716,061 
     
     
     $ 
     (6,780,401 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     1,659,222 
   
     Net
      income/(loss) per share applicable to common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
             stockholders
      - basic 
     
     $ 
     1.01 
     
     $ 
     .47 
     
     
     $ 
     (.85 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     .32 
   
     Net income/(loss) per share applicable to
      common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
       stockholders - diluted 
     
     $ 
     .98 
     
     $ 
     .47 
     
     
     $ 
     (.85 
     ) 
     
     $ 
     .32 
   
     Weighted average number of shares 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       Basic 
     
     
     7,970,886 
     
     
     7,970,886 
     
     
     
     7,970,886 
     
     
     
     5,142,053 
   
                  
       Diluted 
     
     
     9,594,150 
     
     
     8,897,800 
     
     
     
     8,897,800 
     
     
     
     6,068,967 
   
        
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
     For the Three Months
      Ended 
   
     
     
     December 31, 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
           
     2012 
           
     September 30,
    2012 
           
     June 30, 2012 
           
     March 31,
    2012 
   
     Total interest income 
     
     $       
     2,181,801 
     
     $ 
     2,176,647 
     
     
     $       
     2,278,821 
     
     
     $ 
     2,761,050 
   
     Total interest expense 
     
     
     343,562 
     
     
     376,742 
     
     
     
     378,407 
     
     
     
     288,740 
   
                  
      Net interest income 
     
     
     1,838,239 
     
     
     1,799,905 
     
     
     
     1,900,414 
     
     
     
     2,472,310 
   
     Total other gain/(loss) 
     
     
     2,993,443 
     
     
     6,757,077 
     
     
     
     2,114,549 
     
     
     
     4,570,564 
   
     Total expenses 
     
     
     2,185,771 
     
     
     498,464 
     
     
     
     686,948 
     
     
     
     809,721 
   
                  
      Net income/(loss) 
     
     
     2,645,911 
     
     
     8,058,518 
     
     
     
     3,328,015 
     
     
     
     6,233,153 
   
                  
      Net income/(loss) attributable to ZAIS 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                         
      Financial Corp. common stockholders 
     
     $ 
     1,825,846 
     
     $ 
     8,054,362 
     
     
     $ 
     3,323,858 
     
     
     $ 
     6,229,736 
   
     Net
      income/(loss) per share applicable to common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
             stockholders
      - basic 
     
     $ 
     .90 
     
     $ 
     2.83 
     
     
     $ 
     1.10 
     
     
     $ 
     2.06 
   
     Net income/(loss) per share applicable to
      common 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
           
       stockholders - diluted 
     
     $ 
     .90 
     
     $ 
     2.83 
     
     
     $ 
     1.10 
     
     
     $ 
     2.06 
   
     Weighted average number of shares 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
                  
       Basic 
     
     
     2,018,302 
     
     
     2,843,203 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
   
                  
       Diluted 
     
     
     2,215,057 
     
     
     2,843,203 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 
     
     
     
     3,022,617 

 
 17.  Subsequent Events  
       On March 11, 2014, the board of directors of the Company approved an amendment to its bylaws which, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, makes the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or to the stockholders of the Company, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Company's charter or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
     
 None.  
 - 109 - 
 

 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
       A review and
evaluation was performed by the Company's management, including the Company's
Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO") and Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO"), of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this
annual report on Form 10-K. Based on that review and evaluation, the CEO and CFO
have concluded that the Company's current disclosure controls and procedures, as
designed and implemented, were effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures
within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set
forth in the Company's periodic reports.  
     
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the Company's principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that:
 
 
   pertain to the maintenance of records
  that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
  dispositions of the assets of the Company;   
   provide reasonable assurance that
  transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
  statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of
  the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
  management and directors of the Company; and   
   provide reasonable assurance regarding
  prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
  of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial
  statements.   
     
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
     
 The Company’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. In making
this assessment, the Company’s management used criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework.  
     
 Based on its assessment, the Company’s management believes that, as of
December 31, 2013, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was
effective based on those criteria.  
     
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2013
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
its internal control over financial reporting.  
     
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the
Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to rules of the SEC that
permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual
report. 

 - 110 - 
 

 
 Item 9B. Other Information.
 
       None.
 
 - 111 - 
 
 
 
 PART III  
 Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 
       The
information regarding the Company's executive officers required by Item 401 of
Regulation S-K is located under Part I, Item 1 within the caption "Executive
Officers of the Company" of this Form 10-K. 
     
 The information regarding the Company’s directors and certain other
matters required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by
reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement relating to its annual
meeting of stockholders to be held on or about May 9, 2014 (the "Proxy
Statement"), to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2013. 
     
 The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference
to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2013. 
     
 The information regarding the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics required by Item 406 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by
reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
December 31, 2013. 
     
 The information regarding certain matters pertaining to the Company’s
corporate governance required by Item 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation
S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC
within 120 days after December 31, 2013. 
 Item 11. Executive
Compensation. 
     
 The information regarding executive compensation and other compensation
related matters required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K
is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2013. 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
     
 The tables on equity compensation plan information and beneficial
ownership of the Company required by Items 201(d) and 403 of Regulation S-K are
incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC
within 120 days after December 31, 2013. 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence. 
     
 The information regarding transactions with related persons, promoters
and certain control persons and director independence required by Items 404 and
407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy
Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2013. 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 
     
 The information concerning principal accounting fees and services and the
Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures required by Item 14 is
incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC
within 120 days after December 31, 2013. 
 - 112 - 
 

 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules. 
 Documents filed as part of the
report 
 The following documents are filed as
part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
       The
consolidated financial statements of the Company, together with the independent
registered public accounting firm's report thereon, are set forth on pages 78
through 108 of this annual report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by
reference. See Item 8, ''Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," filed
herewith, for a list of financial statements.  
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule:
 
     
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required
information is not applicable or deemed not material, or the required
information is presented in the consolidated financial statements and/or in the
notes to consolidated financial statements filed in response to Item 8 of this
annual report on Form 10-K.  
 

   
     (3) 
     Exhibits Files: 
   
       
   
     3.1 * 
     Articles
      of Amendment and Restatement of ZAIS Financial Corp., incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended
      (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
       
   
     3.2 * 
     Articles
      Supplementary of ZAIS Financial Corp., incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended (Registration No.
      333-185938). 
   
       
     
   
     3.3 
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of
      ZAIS Financial Corp. 
   
       
     
   
     4.1 * 
     Specimen
      Common Stock Certificate of ZAIS Financial Corp., incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended
      (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     4.2 * 
     Indenture, dated November 25, 2013, by and among ZAIS Financial
      Partners, L.P., ZAIS Financial  Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, including the form of
      8.0% Exchangeable Senior Notes  due 2016 and the related guarantee, incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Form  8-K, filed November 25, 2013. 
   
        
   
     10.1 * 
     Second
      Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of December
      13, 2012, by  and among ZAIS
      Financial Corp., ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P., ZAIS Asset I, LLC, ZAIS
      Asset II,  LLC, ZAIS Asset III,
      LLC, ZAIS Asset IV, LLC and ZAIS REIT Management, LLC, incorporated
       by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
      the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended (Registration No.  333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.2 * 
     Agreement
      of Limited Partnership, dated as of July 29, 2011, of ZAIS Financial
      Partners, L.P., as  amended on
      August 3, 2011, October 11, 2012, and December 13, 2012, incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended
      (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
       
   
     10.3 * 
     Amendment
      to Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of February 13, 2013, of
      ZAIS Financial  Partners,
      L.P. 
   
                               
     
   
     10.4 * 
     Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 3, 2011, among ZAIS
      Financial Corp., ZAIS Group,  LLC and certain persons listed on Schedule I thereto, incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the  Registrant's Form S-11, as amended (Registration No.
      333-185938). 
 
 - 113 - 
 

 
 

   
     10.5 * 
     First
      Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 11,
      2012, among ZAIS  Financial
      Corp., ZAIS Group, LLC and certain persons listed on Schedule I thereto,
      incorporated by  reference to
      Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended (Registration No.
      333-185938). 
   
                               
        
   
     10.6 * 
     First
      Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 13,
      2012, among ZAIS  Financial
      Corp., ZAIS REIT Management, LLC and certain persons listed on Schedule I
      thereto,  incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as amended
      (Registration  No.
      333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.7 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated August 3, 2011, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Christian  Zugel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the
      Registrant's Form S-11, as amended  (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.8 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated August 3, 2011, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Michael  Szymanski, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the
      Registrant's Form S-11, as amended  (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.9 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated August 3, 2011, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Denise  Crowley, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the
      Registrant's Form S-11, as amended  (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.10 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated August 3, 2011, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Paul McDade,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant's Form
      S-11, as amended (Registration  No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.11 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated August 3, 2011, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Brian  Hargrave, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the
      Registrant's Form S-11, as amended  (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.12 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated December 13, 2012, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Steven  Haber, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the
      Registrant's Form S-11, as amended  (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.13 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated February 7, 2013, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Daniel  Mudge, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the
      Registrant’s Form 10-K, filed March 28,  2013. 
   
        
   
     10.14 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated February 7, 2013, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Marran  Ogilvie. 
   
        
   
     10.15 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated February 7, 2013, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Eric Reimer. 
   
       
   
     10.16 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated February 7, 2013, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and James Zinn. 
   
       
   
     10.17 * 
     Indemnification Agreement, dated March 20, 2013, between ZAIS
      Financial Corp. and Nisha  Motani. 
   
        
   
     10.18 * 
     ZAIS
      Financial Corp. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.13 of the  Registrant's Form S-11, as amended (Registration No.
      333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.19 * 
     License
      Agreement, dated February 5, 2013, between ZAIS Financial Corp. and ZAIS
      Group, LLC. 
   
        
   
     10.20 * 
     Forms of
      Irrevocable Exchange and Subscription Agreement between various
      contributors and ZAIS  Financial
      Corp.  (relating to the initial
      formation transactions) incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.15 of the Registrant's Form S-11, as
      amended (Registration No. 333-185938). 
   
        
   
     10.21 * 
     Master
      Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2013, between Citibank, N.A. and
      ZFC Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
      Form 8-K, filed on June 4, 2013. 
 
 - 114 -  
 

 
 

   
     10.22 * 
     
       Guaranty, dated as of
      May 30, 2013, by ZAIS Financial Corp. in favor of Citibank, N.A.,
      incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K,
      filed on June 4, 2013. 
   
                               
     
   
     10.23 * 
     
       Master Mortgage Loan
      Sale Agreement (“MMLSA”), dated as of May 31, 2013, between Citigroup
      Global Markets Realty Corp. and ZFC Trust, incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q, filed on August 13,
      2013. 
   
       
     
   
     10.24 * 
     
       Trade Confirmation
      pursuant to the MMLSA, dated as of May 31, 2013, between Citigroup Global
      Markets Realty Corp. and ZFC Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.6 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q, filed on August 13,
  2013. 
   
       
     
   
     10.25 * 
     
       Trade Confirmation
      pursuant to the MMLSA, dated as of July 29, 2013, between Citigroup Global
      Markets Realty Corp. and ZFC Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
      10.3 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed on November 12,
    2013. 
   
       
     
   
     10.26 * 
     
       Trade Confirmation
      pursuant to the MMLSA, dated as of August 29, 2013, between Citigroup
      Global Markets Realty Corp. and ZFC Trust, incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q, filed on November 12,
      2013. 
   
       
     
   
     10.27 * 
     
       Registration Rights
      Agreement, dated November 25, 2013, among ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P.,
      ZAIS Financial Corp. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on
      November 25, 2013. 
   
       
     
   
     10.28 * 
     
       Purchase Agreement,
      dated November 19, 2013, by and among ZAIS Financial Partners, L.P., ZAIS
      Financial Corp., ZAIS REIT Management, LLC and Credit Suisse Securities
      (USA) LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Registrant's
      Form S-11, filed on December 12, 2013. 
   
       
     
   
     21.1 
     
       List of Subsidiaries
      of ZAIS Financial Corp. 
   
       
     
   
     31.1 
     
       Certification of
      Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
      of 2002. 
   
       
     
   
     31.2 
     
       Certification of
      Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
      of 2002. 
   
       
     
   
     32.1 
     
       Certification of the
      Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
      of 2002. 
   
       
     
   
     32.2 
     
       Certification of the
      Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
      of 2002. 
   
       
     
   
     101.INS** 
     XBRL Instance Document 
   
       
     
   
     101.SCH** 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document 
   
       
     
   
     101.CAL** 
     XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
   
       
     
   
     101.DEF** 
     XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
   
       
     
   
     101.LAB** 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Linkbase Document 
   
       
     
   
     101.PRE** 
     XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
   
       
     
   
     * 
     Previously filed. 
   
        
     
   
     ** 
     This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed, and shall not be
      deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item
      601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 - 115 - 
 

 
 SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.  
 

   
     
     ZAIS
      Financial Corp. 
   
         
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By:   
     /s/
      Michael Szymanski 
   
     
     
     Michael Szymanski 
   
     
       
     Chief Executive Officer, President and
      Director 
   
     
     
     (principal executive officer) 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Paul McDade 
   
     
     
     Paul McDade 
   
     
     
     Chief Financial Officer and
    Treasurer 
   
     
     
     (principal financial officer) 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Christian Zugel 
   
     
     
     Christian Zugel 
   
     
     
     Chairman of the Board 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Denise Crowley 
   
     
     
     Denise Crowley 
   
     
     
     Director 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Nisha Motani 
   
     
     
     Nisha Motani 
   
     
     
     Chief Accounting Officer 
   
     
     
     (principal accounting officer) 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Daniel Mudge 
   
     
     
     Daniel Mudge 
   
     
     
     Director 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Marran Ogilvie 
   
     
     
     Marran Ogilvie 
   
     
     
     Director 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      Eric Reimer 
   
     
     
     Eric Reimer 
   
     
     
     Director 
   
        
   
     Date: March 12, 2014 
     By: 
     /s/
      James Zinn 
   
     
     
     James Zinn 
   
     
     
     Director 
 - 116 -  
 
 

 

 
 
