
 10-K
 1
 d31671.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 
 
 
      x    
        
      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2014 
 
 
 
 OR 
 
 
      o    
        
      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  for the transition period from
                                
to
                                 
 
 
 
 Commission file number: 0-23255 
 COPART, INC. 
 
 
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 
      Delaware 
          
          
          
      94-2867490 
 
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
          
          
          
      (I.R.S. Employer  Identification Number) 
 
 
      14185 Dallas Parkway, Suite 300, Dallas, Texas (Address of principal executive offices ) 
          
          
          
      75254   (Zip code) 
 
 
      Registrant’s telephone number, including area code  (972) 391-5000  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 
 
  
 
 
      Title of Each Class 
          
          
          
      Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 
      Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
          
          
          
      The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
 
  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  x  No  o 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  o  No
 x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  x  No  o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes  x  No  o 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
 o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
“large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check
one): 
 
 
      Large Accelerated Filer   x 
          
          
          
      Accelerated Filer   o 
          
      Non-Accelerated Filer   o 
          
      Smaller Reporting Company   o 
 
 
        
          
          
          
        
          
      (Do not check if a smaller  reporting company) 
          
     
     
     
  
 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x 
 The aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of January 31, 2014 (the last business day of the registrant’s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter) was $3,208,078,100 based upon the closing sales price reported for such date on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market (formerly the NASDAQ National Market). For purposes of this disclosure, shares of Common Stock held by persons who hold more than 5% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock and shares held by officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to
be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive for other purposes. 
 As of September 29, 2014, 126,244,452
shares of the registrant’s common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of our definitive Proxy
Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, also referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our Proxy Statement, which will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year end of July 31,
2014, have been incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. Except with respect to the information specifically incorporated by reference, the Proxy
Statement is not deemed to be filed as a part hereof. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copart, Inc.  Index to the Annual Report on Form
10-K  For the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2014 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      
          
      Page  Number 
 
 
      PART I  
           
      1 
          
 
 
      Item 1 
          
          
          
      Business  
          
           
      1 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Industry Overview  
          
           
      4 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Operating and Growth Strategy  
          
           
      5 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Our Competitive Advantages  
          
           
      6 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Our Service Offerings.  
          
           
      7 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Sales  
          
           
      10 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Members  
          
           
      10 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Competition  
          
           
      11 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Management Information Systems  
          
           
      11 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Employees  
          
           
      11 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Environmental Matters  
          
           
      12 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Governmental Regulations  
          
           
      12 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights  
          
           
      12 
          
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Seasonality  
          
           
      12 
          
 
 
      Item 1A. 
          
          
          
      Risk Factors  
          
           
      12 
          
 
 
      Item 1B. 
          
          
          
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
          
           
      27 
          
 
 
      Item 2. 
          
          
          
      Properties  
          
           
      27 
          
 
 
      Item 3. 
          
          
          
      Legal Proceedings  
          
           
      27 
          
 
 
      Item 4. 
          
          
          
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
          
           
      29 
          
 
 
      PART II  
           
      30 
          
 
 
      Item 5. 
          
          
          
      Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
          
           
      30 
          
 
 
      Item 6. 
          
          
          
      Selected Financial Data  
          
           
      33 
          
 
 
      Item 7. 
          
          
          
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
          
           
      34 
          
 
 
      Item 7A. 
          
          
          
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
          
           
      50 
          
 
 
      Item 8. 
          
          
          
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
          
           
      51 
          
 
 
      Item 9. 
          
          
          
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
          
           
      51 
          
 
 
      Item 9A. 
          
          
          
      Controls and Procedures  
          
           
      51 
          
 
 
      Item 9B. 
          
          
          
      Other Information  
          
           
      54 
          
 
 
      PART III  
           
      55 
          
 
 
      Item 10. 
          
          
          
      Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance  
          
           
      55 
          
 
 
      Item 11. 
          
          
          
      Executive Compensation  
          
           
      55 
          
 
 
      Item 12. 
          
          
          
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
          
           
      55 
          
 
 
      Item 13. 
          
          
          
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
          
           
      55 
          
 
 
      Item 14. 
          
          
          
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
          
           
      55 
          
 
 
      PART IV  
           
      56 
          
 
 
      Item 15. 
          
          
          
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
          
           
      56 
          
 
 
      Signatures  
           
      57 
          
 
  
 
 i 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PART I 
 CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2014, or this Form 10-K, including the information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,”
“should,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “forecast,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and situations that may cause our or our
industry’s actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These forward-looking statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor
provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These factors include those listed in Part I, Item 1A under the caption entitled
“Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K and those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this
Form 10-K to “Copart,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Copart, Inc. We encourage
investors to review these factors carefully together with the other matters referred to herein, as well as in the other documents we file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). We may from time to time make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including
statements contained in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or
on behalf of us. 
 Although we believe that, based on
information currently available to us and our management, the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. 
 
 
      Item 1. 
        
      Business 
 
 
 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in California in
1982, became a public company in 1994 and we reincorporated into Delaware in January 2012. Our principal executive offices are located at 14185 Dallas
Parkway, Suite 300, Dallas, Texas 75254 and our telephone number at that address is (972) 391-5000. Our website is  www.copart.com . The contents
of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. We provide free of charge through a link on our website access to our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practical after the reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 Copart TM , VB 2TM , CopartDirect TM , BID4U TM , CI & Design TM , Cars with Heart TM , 1-800 CAR BUYER TM , VB3 TM  and CrashedToys.com TM , are trademarks of Copart, Inc. This Form 10-K also includes other trademarks of Copart and
of other companies. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of online
auctions and vehicle remarketing services in the United States (U.S.), Canada, the United Kingdom (U.K.), and Brazil. We also provide vehicle
remarketing services in the United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.), Germany, and Spain. 
 We provide vehicle sellers with a full
range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the Internet through our Virtual Bidding Third Generation Internet auction-style sales
technology, which we refer to as VB3. Vehicle sellers consist primarily of insurance companies, but also include banks and financial 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 institutions, charities, car
dealerships, fleet operators and vehicle rental companies. We sell the vehicles principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair
licensees, used vehicle dealers and exporters and, at certain locations, to the general public. The majority of the vehicles sold on behalf of
insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss or not economically repairable by the insurance companies, or are recovered stolen
vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that
expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price. 
 In the U.S. and Canada (North America),
Brazil, and the U.A.E., we sell vehicles primarily as an agent and derive revenue primarily from fees paid by vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, as
well as related fees for services such as towing and storage. In the U.K., we operate both on a principal basis, purchasing the salvage vehicles
outright from the insurance companies and reselling the vehicles for our own account, and as an agent. In Germany and Spain, we derive revenue from
sales listing fees for listing vehicles on behalf of many insurance companies. 
 We converted all of our North American
and U.K. sales to VB 2  during fiscal 2004 and fiscal 2008, respectively. VB 2  opened our sales process to registered buyers (whom we refer to as members) anywhere in the
world who have Internet access. This technology and model employs a two-step bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature
that allows a member to enter bids either at a bidding station at the storage facility or over the Internet during the preview. To improve the
effectiveness of bidding, the VB 2  system lets members see the current high bids on the
vehicles they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is an open bid format similar to eBay ® . Members enter the maximum price they are willing to pay for a vehicle and VB 2 ’s BID4U feature will incrementally bid on the vehicle on their behalf during all phases of the auction. Preliminary bidding ends
one hour prior to the start of a second bidding step, an Internet-only virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to bid against
each other and the high preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the Internet in real time while BID4U submits bids for the high preliminary
bidder, up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown, the vehicle sells to the
highest bidder. 
 We believe the implementation of VB 2  increased the pool of available buyers for each sale, which resulted in added competition and
an increase in the amount buyers are willing to pay for vehicles. We also believe that it improved the efficiency of our operations by eliminating the
expense and capital requirements associated with live auctions. In August 2013, we launched our Virtual Bidding Third Generation (VB3), an Internet
auction-style sales technology that was built on VB 2 . VB3 adds several enhancements which
focuses on expanding auction attendance and increasing bidding volume. VB3 allows non-registered members to view auctions via our website and our
mobile application, to attract non-members and grow our membership base. In addition, VB3 includes a complete, redesigned auction interface, enabling
members to fit multiple auction windows on their screen, while simultaneously viewing more vehicle photos and information at the time of live Internet
bidding. 
 For fiscal 2014, sales of North
American vehicles, on a unit basis, to members registered outside the state where the vehicle was located accounted for 51.3% of total vehicles sold;
28.7% of vehicles were sold to out of state members and 22.6% were sold to out of country members, based on registration. For fiscal 2014, sales of
U.K. vehicles, on a unit basis, to members registered outside the country where the vehicle was located accounted for 18.6% of total vehicles
sold. 
 We believe that we offer the highest
level of service in the auction and vehicle remarketing industry and have established our leading market position by: 
 
 
      • 
        
      providing coverage that facilitates seller access to buyers
around the world, reducing towing and third-party storage expenses, offering a local presence for vehicle inspection stations, and providing prompt
response to catastrophes and natural disasters by specially-trained teams; 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      providing a comprehensive range of customer services that
include merchandising services, efficient title processing, timely pick-up and delivery of vehicles, and Internet sales; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      establishing and efficiently integrating new facilities and
acquisitions; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      increasing the number of bidders that can participate at each
sale through the ease and convenience of Internet bidding; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      applying technology to enhance operating efficiency through
Internet bidding, web-based order processing, salvage value quotes, electronic communication with members and sellers, vehicle imaging, and an online
used vehicle parts locator service; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      providing the venue for insurance customers through our Virtual
Insured Exchange (VIX) product to contingently sell a vehicle through the auction process to establish its true value, allowing the insurance customer
to avoid dealing with estimated values when negotiating with owners who wish to retain their damaged vehicles. 
 
 
 
 Historically, we believe our business
has grown as a result of (i) acquisitions, (ii) increases in the overall volume in the salvage car market, (iii) growth in market share, (iv) increases
in amount of revenue generated per sales transaction resulting from increases in the gross selling price and the addition of value-added services for
both members and sellers, and (v) the growth in non-insurance company sellers. For fiscal 2014, our revenues were $1.2 billion and our operating income
was $274.9 million. 
 In fiscal 2012, we acquired two new
facilities located in Calgary and Edmonton, Canada and we opened two new facilities in Atlanta, Georgia and Burlington, North
Carolina. 
 In fiscal 2013, we acquired five new
facilities in Sao Paulo, Brazil; one facility in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.); one facility in Ettlingen, Germany; one facility in Cordoba,
Spain; and 43 facilities in North America; and we opened a new facility in Webster, New Hampshire. 
 In fiscal 2014, we acquired one
facility in Montreal, Canada; a salvage vehicle auction business in Brazil, which did not include any facilities; as well as the assets of an online
marketing company, which included the rights to hundreds of web domains including www.cashforcars.com and www.cash4cars.com and opened facilities in
Seaford, Delaware and Itaquaquecetuba, Brazil. 
 Our revenues consist of sales
transaction fees charged to vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, transportation revenue, purchased vehicle revenues, and other remarketing services.
Revenues from sellers are generally generated either on a fixed fee contract basis, where we collect a fixed amount for selling each vehicle regardless
of the selling price of the vehicle or under our Percentage Incentive Program (PIP), where our fees are generally based on a predetermined percentage
of the vehicle sales price. Under the consignment or fixed fee program, we generally charge an additional fee for title processing and special
preparation. We may also charge additional fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to our facility, storage of the vehicle, and other incidental
costs included in the consignment fee. Under the consignment program, only the fees associated with vehicle processing are recorded in revenue, not the
actual sales price (gross proceeds). Sales transaction fees also include fees charged to vehicle buyers for purchasing vehicles, storage, loading, and
annual registration. Transportation revenue includes charges to sellers for towing vehicles under certain contracts and towing charges assessed to
buyers for delivering vehicles. Purchased vehicle revenue includes the gross sales price of the vehicle, which we have purchased or are otherwise
considered to own and is primarily generated in the U.K. 
 Operating costs consist primarily of
operating personnel (which includes yard management, clerical and yard employees), rent, contract vehicle towing, insurance, fuel, equipment
maintenance and repair, and costs of vehicles sold under the purchase contracts. Costs associated with general and administrative expenses consist
primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, human resources, professional fees, research and development, and
marketing expenses. 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Industry Overview 
 The auction and vehicle remarketing
services industry provides a venue for sellers to dispose of or liquidate vehicles to a broad domestic and international buyer pool. Sellers generally
auction or sell their vehicles on a consignment basis either for a fixed fee or a percentage of the sales price. On occasion, companies in our industry
will purchase vehicles from the largest segment of sellers, insurance companies, and resell the vehicles for their own account. The vehicles are
usually purchased at a price based either on a percentage of the vehicles’ estimated pre-accident cash value and/or based on the extent of damage.
Vehicle remarketers typically operate from multiple facilities where vehicles are processed, viewed, stored and delivered to the buyer. While most
companies in this industry remarket vehicles through a physical auction, we sell all of our vehicles on our Internet selling platform VB3, thus
eliminating the requirement for buyers to travel to an auction location to participate in the sales process. 
 Although there are other sellers of
vehicles, such as banks and financial institutions, charities, car dealerships, fleet operators and vehicle rental companies, the primary sellers of
vehicles are insurance companies. 
 Automobile manufacturers continuously
incorporate new standard features, including unibody construction utilizing exotic metals, passenger safety cages with surrounding crumple zones to
absorb impacts, plastic and ceramic components, airbags, adaptive headlights, computer systems, advanced cameras, collision warning systems, and
navigation systems. We believe that one effect of these additional features is that newer vehicles involved in accidents are more costly to repair and,
accordingly, more likely to be deemed a total loss for insurance purposes. The primary buyers of the vehicles are vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders,
repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and in some states, the general public. Vehicle dismantlers, which we believe are the largest group
of vehicle buyers, either dismantle a salvage vehicle and sell parts individually or sell the entire vehicle to rebuilders, used vehicle dealers, or
the general public. Vehicle rebuilders and vehicle repair licensees generally purchase salvage vehicles to repair and resell. Used vehicle dealers
generally purchase recovered stolen or slightly damaged vehicles for resale. 
 The majority of our vehicles are sold
on behalf of insurance companies and are usually vehicles involved in an accident. Typically, the damaged vehicle is towed to a storage facility or a
vehicle repair facility for temporary storage pending insurance company examination. The vehicle is inspected by the insurance company’s adjuster,
who estimates the costs of repairing the vehicle and gathers information regarding the damaged vehicle’s mileage, options and condition in order
to estimate its pre-accident value (PAV), or actual cash value (ACV). The adjuster determines whether to pay for repairs or to classify the vehicle as
a total loss based upon the adjuster’s estimate of repair costs, vehicle’s salvage value, and the PAV or ACV, as well as customer service
considerations. If the cost of repair is greater than the pre-accident value less the estimated salvage value, the insurance company generally will
classify the vehicle as a total loss. The insurance company will thereafter assign the vehicle to a vehicle auction and remarketing services company,
settle with the insured and receive title to the vehicle. 
 We believe the primary factors that
insurance companies consider when selecting an auction and vehicle remarketing services company include: 
 
 
      • 
        
      the anticipated percentage return on salvage (i.e., gross
salvage proceeds, minus vehicle handling and selling expenses, divided by the actual cash value); 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the services provided by the company and the degree to which
such services reduce administrative costs and expenses; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the price the company charges for its services; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      national coverage; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the ability to respond to natural disasters; 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the ability to provide analytical data to the seller;
and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      in the U.K., the actual amount paid for the vehicle. 
 
 
 
 In the U.K., insurance companies
generally tender periodic contracts for the purchase of salvaged vehicles. The insurance company will generally award the contract to the company that
is willing to pay the highest price for the vehicles. 
 Generally, upon receipt of the pickup
order (the assignment), we arrange for the transport of a vehicle to a facility. As a service to the vehicle seller, we will customarily pay advance
charges (reimbursable charges paid on behalf of vehicle sellers) to obtain the vehicle’s release from a towing company, vehicle repair facility or
impound facility. Advance charges paid on behalf of the vehicle seller are either recovered upon sale of the vehicle, invoiced separately to the seller
or deducted from the net proceeds due to the seller. 
 The salvage vehicle then remains in
storage at one of our facilities until ownership documents are transferred from the insured vehicle owner and the title to the vehicle is cleared
through the appropriate state’s motor vehicle regulatory agency, or DMV. In the U.S., total loss vehicles may be sold in most states only after
obtaining a salvage title from the DMV. Upon receipt of the appropriate documentation from the DMV, which is generally received within 45 to 60 days of
vehicle pick-up, the vehicle is sold either on behalf of the insurance company or for our own account, depending on the terms of the contract. In the
U.K., upon release of interest by the vehicle owner, the insurance company notifies us that the vehicle is available for sale. 
 Generally, sellers of non-salvage
vehicles will arrange to deliver the vehicle to one of our locations. At that time, the vehicle information will be uploaded to our system and made
available for buyers to review online. The vehicle is then sold either at a live auction or, in our case, on VB3 typically within seven days. Proceeds
are then collected from the member, seller fees are subtracted and the remainder is remitted to the seller. 
 Operating and Growth Strategy 
 Our growth strategy is to increase our
revenues and profitability by, among other things, (i) acquiring and developing new facilities in key markets including foreign markets, (ii) pursuing
national and regional vehicle supply agreements, (iii) expanding our online auctions and vehicle remarketing service offerings to sellers and members,
and (iv) expanding the application of VB3 into new markets and to new sellers within the vehicle market. In addition, to maximize gross sales proceeds
and cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities we introduce our (i) pricing structure, (ii) selling processes, (iii) operational procedures,
(iv) management information systems, and (v) when appropriate, redeploy existing personnel. 
 As part of our overall expansion
strategy, our objective is to increase our revenues, operating profits, and market share in the vehicle sales industry. To implement our growth
strategy, we intend to continue to do the following: 
 Acquire and Develop New Vehicle
Storage Facilities in Key Markets Including Foreign Markets 
 Our strategy is to offer integrated
services to vehicle sellers on a national or regional basis by acquiring or developing facilities in new and existing markets. We integrate our new
acquisitions into our global network and capitalize on certain operating efficiencies resulting from, among other things, the reduction of duplicative
overhead and the implementation of our operating procedures. 
 Pursue National and Regional
Vehicle Supply Agreements 
 
 Our broad national presence enhances
our ability to enter into local, regional or national supply agreements with vehicle sellers. We actively seek to establish national and regional
supply agreements with insurance companies by promoting our ability to achieve high net returns and broader access to buyers through our national
coverage and electronic commerce capabilities. By utilizing our existing insurance 
 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 company seller relationships, we
are able to build new seller relationships and pursue additional supply agreements in existing and new markets. 
 Expand Our Service Offerings to
Sellers and Members 
 
 Over the past several years, we have
expanded our available service offerings to vehicle sellers and members. The primary focus of these new service offerings is to maximize returns to our
sellers and maximize product value to our members. This includes, for our sellers, real-time access to sales data over the Internet, national coverage,
the ability to respond on a national scale and, for our members, the implementation of VB3 real-time bidding at all of our facilities, permitting
members at any location worldwide to participate in the sales at all of our yards. We plan to continue to refine and expand our services, including
offering software that can assist our sellers in expediting claims and salvage management tools that help sellers integrate their systems with
ours. 
 Our Competitive Advantages 
 We believe that the following
attributes and the services that we offer position us to take advantage of many opportunities in the online vehicle auction and services
industry: 
 National Coverage and Ability to
Respond on a National Scale 
 
 Since our inception in 1982, we have
expanded from a single facility in Vallejo, California to an integrated network of facilities located in North America, the U.K., the U.A.E., Brazil,
Germany, and Spain. We are able to offer integrated services to our vehicle sellers, which allow us to respond to the needs of our sellers and members
with maximum efficiency. Our coverage provides our sellers with key advantages, including: 
 
 
      • 
        
      a reduction in administrative time and effort; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      a reduction in overall vehicle towing costs; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      convenient local facilities; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      improved access to buyers throughout the world; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      a prompt response in the event of a natural disaster or other
catastrophe; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      consistency in products and services. 
 
 
 
 Value-Added
Services 
 We believe that we offer the most
comprehensive range of services in our industry, including: 
 
 
      • 
        
      Internet bidding, Internet proxy bidding, and virtual sales
powered by VB3, which enhance the competitive bidding process; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      a mobile application, which allows members to search, bid,
create watch lists, join auctions and bid from anywhere; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      online payment capabilities via our ePay product, credit cards
and dealer financing programs; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      e-mail notifications to potential buyers of vehicles that match
desired characteristics; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      sophisticated vehicle processing at storage sites, including
digital imaging of each vehicle and the scanning of each vehicle’s title and other significant documents such as body shop invoices, all of which
are available from us over the Internet; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      specialty sales, which allow buyers the opportunity to focus on
such select types of vehicles as motorcycles, heavy equipment, boats, recreational vehicles and rental cars; 
 
 
 
 
 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      interactive online counter-bidding, which allows sellers who
have placed a minimum bid or a bid to be approved on a vehicle to directly counter-bid the current high bidder; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      second chance bidding, which allows the second highest bidder
the opportunity to purchase the vehicle for the seller’s current minimum bid after the high bidder declines; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      Night Cap sales, which provides an additional opportunity for
bidding on vehicles that did not achieve their minimum bid during the virtual sale, counter bidding, or second chance bidding. 
 
 
 
 Proven Ability to Acquire and
Integrate Acquisitions 
 
 We have a proven track record of
successfully acquiring and integrating vehicle storage facilities. Since becoming a public company in 1994, we have completed acquisitions of
facilities in North America, the U.K., the U.A.E., Brazil, Germany and Spain. As part of our acquisition and integration strategy, we seek
to: 
 
 
      • 
        
      expand our global presence; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      strengthen our networks and access new markets; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      utilize our existing corporate and technology infrastructure
over a larger base of operations; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      introduce our comprehensive services and operational
expertise. 
 
 
 
 We strive to integrate all new
facilities, when appropriate, into our existing network without disruption of service to vehicle sellers. We work with new sellers to implement our fee
structures and new service programs. We typically retain existing employees at acquired facilities in order to retain knowledge about, and respond to,
the local market. We also assign a special integration team to help convert newly acquired facilities to our own management information and proprietary
software systems, enabling us to ensure a smooth and consistent transition to our business operating and sales systems. 
 Technology to Enhance and Expand
Our Business 
 
 We have developed management
information and proprietary software systems that allow us to deliver a fully integrated service offering. Our proprietary software programs provide
vehicle sellers with online access to data and reports regarding their vehicles being processed at any of our facilities. This technology allows
vehicle sellers to monitor each stage of our vehicle sales process, from pick up to sale and settlement by the buyer. Our full range of Internet
services allows us to expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process and minimizes the administrative and processing costs for us, as well as our
sellers. We believe that our integrated technology systems generate improved capacity and financial returns for our clients, resulting in high client
retention, and allow us to expand our national supply contracts. 
 Our Service Offerings 
 We offer vehicle sellers a full range
of vehicle services, which expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, maximizing proceeds and minimizing costs. Not all service offerings are
available in all markets. Our service offerings include the following: 
 Online Seller
Access 
 
 Through Copart Access, our
Internet-based service for vehicle sellers, we enable sellers to assign vehicles for sale, check sales calendars, view vehicle images and history, view
and reprint body shop invoices and towing receipts and view the historical performance of the vehicles sold at our sales. 
 
 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Salvage Estimation
Services 
 
 We offer Copart ProQuote and Enhanced
ProQuote, proprietary services that assist sellers in the vehicle claims evaluation process by providing online salvage value estimates, which help
sellers determine whether to repair a particular vehicle or deem it a total loss. 
 Estimating
Services 
 We offer vehicle sellers in the U.K.
estimating services for vehicles taken to our facilities. Estimating services provide our insurance company sellers repair estimates which allow the
insurance company to determine if the vehicle is a total loss vehicle. If the vehicle is determined to be a total loss, it is generally assigned to
inventory. 
 End-of-Life Vehicle
Processing 
 
 In the U.K., we are an authorized
treatment facility for the disposal of End-of-Life vehicles. 
 Virtual Insured Exchange
(VIX) 
 We provide the venue for insurance
customers to enter a vehicle into a sealed bid sale to establish its true value, thereby allowing the insurance customer to avoid dealing with
estimated values when negotiating with owners who wish to retain their damaged vehicles. 
 Transportation
Services 
 We maintain contracts with third-party
vehicle transport companies, which enable us to pick up most of our sellers’ vehicles within 24 hours. Our national network and transportation
capabilities provide cost and time savings to our vehicle sellers and ensure on-time vehicle pick up and prompt response to catastrophes and natural
disasters in North America. In the U.K., we perform transportation services through a combination of our fleet of over 150 vehicles and third-party
vehicle transport companies. 
 Vehicle Inspection
Stations 
 
 We offer some of our major insurance
company sellers, office and yard space to house vehicle inspection stations on-site at our facilities. We have over 90 vehicle inspection stations at
our facilities. An on-site vehicle inspection station provides our insurance company sellers with a central location to inspect potential total loss
vehicles, which reduces storage charges that otherwise, may be incurred at the initial storage or repair facility. 
 On-Demand
Reporting 
 We provide vehicle sellers with real
time data for vehicles that we process for the particular seller. This includes vehicle sellers’ gross and net returns on each vehicle, service
charges, and other data that enable our vehicle sellers to more easily administer and monitor the vehicle disposition process. In addition, we have
developed a database containing over 240 fields of real-time and historical information accessible by our sellers allowing for their generation of
custom ad hoc reports and customer specific analysis. 
 DMV
Processing 
 We have extensive expertise in DMV
document and title processing for salvage vehicles. We have developed a computer system which provides a direct link to the DMV computer systems of
several states, allowing us to expedite the processing of vehicle title paperwork. 
 
 8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Flexible Vehicle Processing
Programs 
 
 At the election of the seller, we sell
vehicles pursuant to our Percentage Incentive Program (PIP), Consignment Program or Purchase Program. 
 Percentage Incentive Program. 
Our Percentage Incentive Program is an innovative processing program designed to broadly serve the needs of vehicle sellers. Under PIP, we agree to
sell all of the vehicles of a seller in a specified market, usually for a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price. Because our revenues
under PIP are directly linked to the vehicle’s sale price, we have an incentive to actively merchandise those vehicles to maximize the net return.
We provide the vehicle seller, at our expense, with transport of the vehicle to our nearest facility, as well as DMV document and title processing. In
addition, we provide merchandising services such as covering or taping openings to protect vehicle interiors from weather, washing vehicle exteriors,
vacuuming vehicle interiors, cleaning and polishing dashboards and tires, making keys for drivable vehicles, and identifying drivable vehicles. We
believe our merchandising efforts increase the sales prices of the vehicles, thereby increasing the return on salvage vehicles to both vehicle sellers
and us. 
 Consignment Program.  Under our
consignment program, we sell vehicles for a fixed consignment fee. Although sometimes included in the consignment fee, we may also charge additional
fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to our facility, storage of the vehicle, and other incidental costs. 
 Purchase Program.  Under the
purchase program, we purchase vehicles from a vehicle seller at a formula price, based on a percentage of the vehicles’ estimated pre-accident
value (PAV), or actual cash value (ACV), and sell the vehicles for our own account. Currently, the purchase program is offered primarily in the
U.K. 
 Buy It
Now 
 
 We offer an option to our members to
purchase specific pre-qualified vehicles immediately at a set price before the live auction process. This enables us to provide a fast, easy,
transparent and comprehensive buying option on these pre-qualified vehicles. 
 Member
Network 
 We maintain a database of thousands of
members in the vehicle dismantling, rebuilding, repair licensee, used vehicle dealer and export industries, as well as the general public, as we sell
directly to the general public at certain locations. Our database includes each member’s vehicle preference and purchasing history. This data
enables us to notify prospective buyers throughout the world via e-mail of vehicles available for bidding that match their vehicle preferences.
Listings of vehicles to be sold on a particular day and location are also made available on the Internet. 
 Sales
Process 
 We offer a flexible and unique sales
process designed to maximize the sale prices of the vehicles utilizing VB3. VB3 opens our sales process to registered members anywhere in the world who
have Internet access. The VB3 technology and model employs a two-step bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature that
allows a member to enter bids either at a bidding station at the storage facility during the preview days or over the Internet. To improve the
effectiveness of bidding, the VB3 system lets a member see the current high bid on the vehicle they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is
an open bid format similar to eBay ® . Members enter the maximum price they are willing
to pay for a vehicle and VB3’s BID4U feature will incrementally bid the vehicle on their behalf during all steps of the auction. Preliminary
bidding ends one hour prior to the start of a second bidding step, an Internet-only virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to
bid against each other and the highest preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the Internet in real time, and then BID4U submits bids for the
highest preliminary bidder, up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown, the
vehicle sells to the highest bidder. 
 
 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copart Dealer
Services 
 
 We provide franchise and independent
dealers with a convenient method to sell their trade-ins through any of our facilities. We have a dedicated group of employees in North America that
target these dealers and work with them throughout the sales process. 
 CopartDirect 
 We provide the general public with a
fast and convenient method to sell their vehicles to any of our North American facilities. Anyone can call 1-888-Sell-it-1 and arrange to obtain a
valid offer to purchase their vehicle. Upon acceptance of our offer to purchase their vehicle, we give them a check for their vehicle and then sell the
vehicle on our own behalf. 
 U-Pull-It 
 In the U.K., we have two facilities
from which the public can purchase parts from salvaged and end-of-life vehicles. In general, the buyer is responsible for detaching the parts from the
vehicle and any associated hauling or transportation of the parts after detachment. After the valuable parts have been removed by the buyer, the
remaining parts and car body are sold for their scrap value. 
 Sales 
 We process vehicles from hundreds of
different vehicle sellers. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenues for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012. We obtained 81% of the total
number of vehicles processed during fiscal 2014 and 82% for fiscal 2013 and 2012, from insurance company sellers. Our arrangements with our sellers are
typically subject to cancellation by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ notice. 
 We typically contract with the regional
or branch office of an insurance company or other vehicle sellers. The agreements are customized to each vehicle seller’s particular needs and
often provide for the disposition of different types of salvage vehicles by differing methods. Our arrangements generally provide that we will sell
total loss and recovered stolen vehicles generated by the vehicle seller in a designated geographic area. 
 We market our services to vehicle
sellers through an in-house sales force that utilizes a variety of sales techniques, including targeted mailing of our sales literature, telemarketing,
follow-up personal sales calls, Internet search engines, employee referrals, tow shop referrals, participation in trade shows and vehicle and insurance
industry conventions. We market our services to franchise and independent dealerships, as well as the general public under CopartDirect. We may, when
appropriate, provide vehicle sellers with detailed analysis of the net return on vehicles and a proposal setting forth ways in which we believe that we
can improve net returns on vehicles and reduce administrative costs and expenses. 
 During the last three years, a majority
of our revenue was generated within North America, and a majority of our long-lived assets are located within the United States. Please see  Note 13
— Segments and Other Geographic Information  in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the geographic
location of our sales and our long-lived assets. 
 Members 
 We maintain a database of thousands of
registered members in the vehicle dismantling, rebuilding, repair licensee, used vehicle dealer and export industries. We believe that we have
established a broad international and domestic buyer base by providing members with a variety of programs and services. To become a registered member
and gain admission to one of our sales, prospective members must first pay an initial registration fee and an annual fee, provide requested personal
and business information, and have, in most states, a vehicle dismantler’s, dealer’s, resale, repair or export license. In certain venues, we
may sell to the general public. Registration entitles a member to transact business at any of our sales subject to local licensing and permitting
requirements. However, non-registered buyers may transact business at any of our sales via a 
 
 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 registered broker who meets the
local licensing and permitting requirements. A member may also bring guests to a facility for a fee to preview vehicles for sale. Strict admission
procedures are intended to prevent frivolous bids that would invalidate the sale. We market to members on the Internet and via e-mail notifications,
sales notices, telemarketing, and participation in trade show events. 
 Competition 
 We face significant competition from
other remarketers of both salvage and non-salvage vehicles. We believe our principal competitors include vehicle auction and sales companies and
vehicle dismantlers. These national, regional and local competitors may have established relationships with vehicle sellers and buyers and may have
financial resources that are greater than ours. The largest national or regional vehicle auctioneers in North America include KAR Auction Services,
Inc. (formerly ADESA, Inc. and Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc.); Auction Broadcasting Company, LLC; and Manheim, Inc. The largest national dismantler is
LKQ Corporation, Inc. (LKQ). LKQ, in addition to trade groups of dismantlers such as the American Recycling Association and the United Recyclers Group,
LLC, may purchase salvage vehicles directly from insurance companies, thereby bypassing vehicle remarketing companies entirely. In the U.K., our
principal competitors are privately held independent remarketers. 
 Management Information Systems 
 Our primary management information
system consists of an IBM AS/400 mainframe computer system, integrated computer interfaces, and proprietary business operating software that we
developed to track salvage sales vehicles throughout the sales process. We have implemented our proprietary business operating software at the majority
of our storage facilities. In addition, we have integrated our mainframe computer system with Internet and Intranet systems in order to provide secure
access to our data and images in a variety of formats. 
 Our auction-style service product, VB3,
is served by an array of identical high-density, high-performance servers. Each individual sale is configured to run on an available server in the
array and can be rapidly provisioned to any other available server in the array as required. 
 We have invested in a production data
center that is designed to run the business in the event of an emergency. The facility’s electrical and mechanical systems are continually
monitored. This facility is located in an area considered to be free of weather-related disasters and earthquakes. 
 During fiscal 2014, we terminated a
contract with KPIT (formerly known as Sparta Consulting, Inc.), whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based replacement for our
existing business operating software that, among other things, would address our international expansion needs. Following a review of KPIT’s work
performed to date, and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk and other factors, we ceased development of KPIT’s software and are
now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. As a result, we recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from
the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
 Capitalized Software Costs  in  Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Employees 
 As of July 31, 2014, we had 4,179
full-time employees, of whom 1,225 were engaged in general and administrative functions and 2,954 were engaged in yard operations. We are not currently
subject to any collective bargaining agreements and believe our relationships with our employees are good. Employees per geographic region are as
follows: 
 
 
 
      North  America 
        
        
          
      United  Kingdom 
          
      Other 
          
      Total  Employees 
 
 
      3,250 
          
          
          
      724 
          
      205 
          
      4,179 
 
  
 
 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our operations are subject to various
laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment. In the salvage vehicle remarketing industry, large numbers of wrecked vehicles are
stored at facilities and, during that time, spills of fuel, motor oils and other fluids may occur, resulting in soil, surface water or groundwater
contamination. Certain of our facilities store petroleum products and other hazardous materials in above-ground containment tanks and some of our
facilities generate waste materials such as solvents or used oils that must be disposed of as non-hazardous or hazardous waste, as appropriate. We have
implemented procedures to reduce the amount of soil contamination that may occur at our facilities, and we have initiated safety programs and training
of personnel on the safe storage and handling of hazardous materials. We believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with all
applicable environmental regulations and we do not anticipate any material capital expenditures to remain in environmental compliance. If additional or
more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional capital expenditures. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Our operations are subject to
regulation, supervision and licensing under various federal, national, international, provincial, state and local statutes, ordinances and regulations.
The acquisition and sale of damaged and recovered stolen vehicles is regulated by various state, provincial and international motor vehicle
departments. In addition to the regulation of sales and acquisitions of vehicles, we are also subject to various local zoning requirements with regard
to the location of our storage facilities. These zoning requirements vary from location to location. At various times, we may be involved in disputes
with local governmental officials regarding the development and/or operation of our business facilities. We believe that we are in compliance, in all
material respects, with applicable regulatory requirements. We may be subject to similar types of regulations by federal, national, international,
provincial, state, and local governmental agencies in new markets. 
 Intellectual Property and Proprietary
Rights 
 In June 2003, we filed a provisional
U.S. patent application on VB 2  in the United States. This provisional patent application
was followed by a U.S. utility application filed in July 2003. The patent was issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on January 1,
2008. Generally, patents issued in the U.S. are effective for 20 years from the earliest asserted filing date of the patent application. In fiscal
2004, we received a patent from Australia. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with the provisions of applicable local
law. 
 We also rely on a combination of trade
secret, copyright and trademark laws, as well as contractual agreements to safeguard our proprietary rights in technology and products. In seeking to
limit access to sensitive information to the greatest practical extent, we routinely enter into confidentiality and assignment of invention agreements
with each of our employees and consultants and nondisclosure agreements with our key customers and vendors. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our consolidated results
of operations have been subject to quarterly variations based on a variety of factors, of which the primary influence is the seasonal change in weather
patterns. During the winter months we tend to have higher demand for our services because there are more weather-related accidents. 
 
 
      Item 1A. 
        
      Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 Investing in our common stock
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment decision. Our
business could be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial, 
 
 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 materialized. The trading price of
our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing the risks
described below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes and schedules, and other filings with the SEC. 
 We depend on a limited number of
major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated
results of operations and financial position, and an inability to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our growth
rates. 
 No single customer accounted for more
than 10% of our revenue for fiscal 2014. Historically, a limited number of vehicle sellers have collectively accounted for a substantial portion of our
revenues. Seller arrangements are either written or oral agreements typically subject to cancellation by either party upon 30 to 90 days’ notice.
Vehicle sellers have terminated agreements with us in the past in particular markets, which has affected the pricing for sales services in those
markets. There can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be cancelled. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
enter into future agreements with vehicle sellers or that we will be able to retain our existing supply of salvage vehicles. A reduction in vehicles
from a significant vehicle seller or any material changes in the terms of an arrangement with a significant vehicle seller could have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. In addition, a failure to increase our sources of vehicle supply could
adversely affect our earnings and revenue growth rates. 
 Our expansion into markets outside
North America, including recent expansions in Europe, Brazil and the Middle East expose us to risks arising from operating in international markets.
Any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired outside of North America into our operations could have an adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 We first expanded our operations
outside North America in 2007 with a significant acquisition in the United Kingdom (the U.K.), and we continue to evaluate acquisitions and other
opportunities outside North America. In August 2012, we announced our acquisition of a company in the United Arab Emirates (the U.A.E.), in November
2012, we announced our acquisitions of companies in Brazil and Germany, and in June 2013, we announced our acquisition of a company in Spain.
Acquisitions or other strategies to expand our operations outside North America pose substantial risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse
effect on our future operating results. In particular, we may not be successful in realizing anticipated synergies from these acquisitions, or we may
experience unanticipated costs or expenses integrating the acquired operations into our existing business. We have and may continue to incur
substantial expenses establishing new yards or operations in international markets. Among other things, we will ultimately deploy our proprietary
auction technologies at all of our foreign operations and we cannot predict whether this deployment will be successful or will result in increases in
the revenues or operating efficiencies of any acquired companies relative to their historic operating performance. Integration of our respective
operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in
unanticipated costs or expenses such as capital expenditures that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We cannot provide any
assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our
operations internationally. 
 As we continue to expand our business
internationally, we will need to develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale. Operationally, acquired businesses typically
depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of
operations and could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 
 In addition, we anticipate our
international operations will subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including: 
 
 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the difficulty of managing and staffing foreign offices and the
increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the need to localize our product offerings, particularly the
need to implement our online auction platform in foreign countries; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      tariffs and trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual
limitations on our ability to operate in certain foreign markets; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, which may have
an adverse impact on our revenues and revenue growth rates; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      adapting to different business cultures and market structures,
particularly where we seek to implement our auction model in markets where insurers have historically not played a substantial role in the disposition
of salvage vehicles; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions to
the U.S. may result in higher effective tax rates. 
 
 
 
 As we continue to expand our business
globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our
international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on
our operating results. 
 In addition, certain acquisitions in
the U.K. may be reviewed by the Competition and Markets Authority (U.K. Regulator). If an inquiry is made by the U.K. Regulator, we may be required to
demonstrate that our acquisitions will not result, or be expected to result, in a substantial lessening of competition in the U.K. market. Although we
believe that there will not be a substantial lessening of competition in the U.K. market, based on our analysis of the relevant U.K. markets, there can
be no assurance that the U.K. Regulator will agree with us if it decides to make an inquiry. If the U.K. Regulator determines that by our acquisitions
of certain assets, there is or likely will be a substantial lessening of competition in the U.K. market, we could be required to divest some portion of
our U.K. assets. In the event of a divestiture order by the U.K. Regulator, the assets disposed may be sold for substantially less than their carrying
value. Accordingly, any divestiture could have a material adverse effect on our operating results in the period of the divestiture. 
 Our operations and acquisitions in
certain foreign areas expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. 
 Although we have implemented policies,
procedures and training designed to ensure compliance with anti-bribery laws, trade controls and economic sanctions, and similar regulations, our
employees or agents may take actions in violation of our policies. We may incur costs or other penalties in the event that any such violations occur,
which could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 In addition, some of our recent
acquisitions have required us to integrate non-U.S. companies which had not, until our acquisition, been subject to U.S. law. In many countries outside
of the United States, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common for persons to engage in business practices prohibited by laws
and regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), U.K. Bribery Act, Brazil Clean Companies Act or similar local
anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees or agents from making improper payments to government officials for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure by us and our subsidiaries to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal
penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results and financial position. 
 
 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We face risks associated with the
implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the North American market. For example, certain
markets operate on a principal rather than agent basis, which may have an adverse impact on our gross margin percentages and expose us to inventory
risks that we do not experience in North America. 
 Some of our target markets outside
North America operate in a manner substantially different than our historic market in North America. For example, new markets may operate either wholly
or partially on the principal model, in which the vehicle is purchased then resold for our own account, rather than the agency model employed in North
America, in which we act as a sales agent for the legal owner of vehicles. Further, operating on a principal basis exposes us to inventory risks,
including losses from theft, damage, and obsolescence. In addition, our business in North America and the U.K. has been established and grown based
largely on our ability to build relationships with insurance carriers. In other markets, insurers have traditionally been less involved in the
disposition of salvage vehicles. As we expand into markets outside North America and the U.K., we cannot predict whether markets will readily adapt to
our strategy of online auctions of automobiles sourced principally through vehicle insurers. Any failure of new markets to adopt our business model
could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 In general, acquisitions increase our
sales and profitability although, given the typical size of our acquisitions, most acquisitions will not individually have a material impact on
consolidated results of operations and financial position. We may not always be able to introduce our processes and selling platform to acquired
companies due to different operating models in international jurisdictions or other facts. As a result, the associated benefits of acquisitions may be
delayed for years in some international situations. During this period, the acquisitions may operate at a loss and certain acquisitions, while
profitable, may operate at a margin percentage that is below our overall operating margin percentage and, accordingly, have an adverse impact on our
consolidated results of operations and financial position. Hence, the conversion periods vary from weeks to years and cannot be
predicted. 
 We are transitioning various
functionality of our third-party enterprise operating system to an internally developed proprietary system, and we may experience difficulties
operating our business as we work to develop, design and stabilize this system. 
 During fiscal 2014, we terminated a
contract with KPIT (formerly known as Sparta Consulting, Inc.), whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based replacement for our
existing business operating software that, among other things, would address our international expansion needs. Following a review of KPIT’s work
performed to date, and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk, and other factors, we ceased development of KPIT’s software and are
now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. The transition of our enterprise operating system carries certain risks,
including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays or deficiencies, which may make our website and services
unavailable. This type of interruption could prevent us from processing vehicles for our sellers and may prevent us from selling vehicles through our
Internet bidding platform, VB3, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 We may also implement further and
enhanced information systems in the future to accommodate our growth and to provide additional capabilities and functionality. The implementation of
new systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise and can be time-consuming and expensive, increase
management responsibilities and divert management attention. Any disruptions relating to our system enhancements or any problems with the
implementation, particularly any disruptions impacting our operations or our ability to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis
during the implementation period, could materially and adversely affect our business. Even if we do not encounter these material and adverse effects,
the implementation of these enhancements may be much more costly than we anticipated. If we are unable to successfully implement the information
systems enhancements as planned, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 
 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our success depends on maintaining the
integrity of our systems and infrastructure. As our operations continue to grow in both size and scope, domestically and internationally, we must
continue to provide reliable, real-time access to our systems by our customers through improving and upgrading our systems and infrastructure for
enhanced products, services, features and functionality. The transition to our new internal proprietary system will require us to commit substantial
financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of business increases, without assurance that the volume of business will increase.
Consumers will not tolerate a service hampered by slow delivery times, unreliable service levels or insufficient capacity, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 The impairment of capitalized
development costs could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 We capitalize certain costs associated
with the development of new software products, new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. These costs are
amortized over the estimated useful life of the software beginning with its introduction or roll-out. If, at any time, it is determined that
capitalized software provides a reduced economic benefit, the unamortized portion of the capitalized development costs will be expensed, in part or in
full, as an impairment, which may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. During fiscal 2014, we
recognized a $29.1 million impairment charge primarily related to capitalized software development costs, as we ceased development of a third-party
enterprise operating system and decided to address our international technology needs through an internally developed proprietary
solution. 
 A failure or breach of our security
systems or infrastructure as a result of cyber-attacks could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary
information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. 
 Information security risks for online
commerce companies have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and
telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers,
terrorists and other external parties. These threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, or may result from
human error or accidental technological failure. These threats include cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malicious code, phishing attacks or
information security breaches. 
 Our operations rely on the secure
processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our customers and other
parties in the payments value chain rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct their operations. In
addition, to access our products and services, our customers and cardholders increasingly use personal smartphones, tablet PCs and other mobile devices
that may be beyond our control. We routinely are subject to cyber-threats and our technologies, systems and networks have been subject to cyber-attacks
and we believe we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. 
 Although we have not been the victim of
cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents that have had a material impact on our consolidated operating results or financial position, we have experienced
incidents relating to cyber-attacks in which unauthorized parties attempted to access and disrupt our online commerce. These cyber-attacks have caused
minor service interruptions, which were promptly addressed and resolved, and our online service was restored to normal business. However, if one or
more of these events continue to occur, it could lead to security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our
products and services, which could result in the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential,
proprietary and other information (including account data information) or data security compromises. This could cause service interruptions,
malfunctions or other failures in the physical infrastructure or operations systems that support our businesses and customers (such as 
 
 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 the lack of availability of our
value-added systems), as well as the operations of our customers or other third parties. Continuous cyber-attacks could lead to damage to our
reputation with our customers and other parties and the market, additional costs (such as repairing systems, adding new personnel or protection
technologies or compliance costs), regulatory penalties, financial losses to both us and our customers and partners and the loss of customers and
business opportunities. If such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded. 
 We have implemented various measures to
manage our risks related to system and network disruptions, including but not limited to usage errors by our employees, power outages and catastrophic
events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. If these systems are compromised, become inoperable for extended periods of time
or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and our ability to provide many of our electronic
and online solutions to our customers may be impaired, which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results and financial
position. In addition, as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or
enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Any of the risks described above could
materially adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 Our business is exposed to risks
associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud. 
 Consumer concerns over the security of
transactions conducted on the Internet or the privacy of users may inhibit the growth of the Internet and online commerce. To securely transmit
confidential information such as customer credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology. Unanticipated events or
developments could result in a compromise or breach of the systems we use to protect customer transaction data. Furthermore, our servers may also be
vulnerable to viruses transmitted via the Internet. While we proactively check for intrusions into our infrastructure, a new or undetected virus could
cause a service disruption. 
 We maintain an information security
program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. Despite these
mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. Under current credit card
practices and the rules of the online auto auction industry, we may be held liable for fraudulent credit card transactions and other payment disputes
with customers. As such, we have implemented certain anti-fraud measures, including credit card verification procedures; however, a failure to
adequately prevent fraudulent credit card transactions could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 
 Our security measures may also be
breached due to employee error, malfeasance, insufficiency, or defective design. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce
employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data. Any
such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the
security of our products and services that could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 
 Implementation of our online auction
model in new markets may not result in the same synergies and benefits that we achieved when we implemented the model in North America and the
U.K. 
 We believe that the implementation of
our proprietary auction technologies across our operations over the last decade had a favorable impact on our results of operations by increasing the
size and geographic scope of our buyer base, increasing the average selling price for vehicles sold through our sales, and lowering expenses associated
with vehicle sales. 
 We implemented our online system across
all of our North American and U.K. salvage yards beginning in fiscal 2004 and 2008, respectively, and experienced increases in revenues and average
selling prices, as well as improved operating efficiencies in both markets. In considering new markets, we consider the potential 
 
 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 synergies from the implementation
of our model based in large part on our experience in North America and the U.K. We cannot predict whether these synergies will also be realized in new
markets. 
 Failure to have sufficient capacity
to accept additional cars at one or more of our storage facilities could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers
of vehicles. 
 Capacity at our storage facilities
varies from period to period and from region to region. For example, following adverse weather conditions in a particular area, our yards in that area
may fill and limit our ability to accept additional salvage vehicles while we process existing inventories. For example, Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and
Sandy had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of yard capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the
United States. We regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and where appropriate, seek to increase capacity through the acquisition of
additional land and yards. We may not be able to reach agreements to purchase independent storage facilities in markets where we have limited excess
capacity, and zoning restrictions or difficulties obtaining use permits may limit our ability to expand our capacity through acquisitions of new land.
Failure to have sufficient capacity at one or more of our yards could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of
vehicles, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 Because the growth of our business
has been due in large part to acquisitions and development of new facilities, the rate of growth of our business and revenues may decline if we are not
able to successfully complete acquisitions and develop new facilities. 
 We seek to increase our sales and
profitability through the acquisition of additional facilities and the development of new facilities. For example, in fiscal 2013, we acquired new
facilities in Sao Paulo, Brazil; the U.A.E.; Ettlingen, Germany; Cordoba, Spain; and in North America. Furthermore, promising acquisitions are
difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including competition among prospective buyers, the availability of affordable financing in
the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to: 
 
 
      • 
        
      continue to acquire additional facilities on favorable
terms; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      expand existing facilities in no-growth regulatory
environments; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      increase revenues and profitability at acquired and new
facilities; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      maintain the historical revenue and earnings growth rates we
have been able to obtain through facility openings and strategic acquisitions; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      create new vehicle storage facilities that meet our current
revenue and profitability requirements; or 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      obtain necessary regulatory approvals under applicable antitrust
and competition laws. 
 
 
 
 In addition, certain of the acquisition
agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the
company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be
unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot assure that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a
result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements. Any failure to continue to successfully identify and complete
acquisitions and develop new facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial
position. 
 
 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 As we continue to expand our
operations, our failure to manage growth could harm our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial
position. 
 Our ability to manage growth depends
not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities, but also on our ability to: 
 
 
      • 
        
      hire, train and manage additional qualified
personnel; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      establish new relationships or expand existing relationships
with vehicle sellers; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive
terms; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      secure adequate capital; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      maintain the supply of vehicles from vehicle
sellers. 
 
 
 
 Our inability to control or manage
these growth factors effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial
position. 
 Our annual and quarterly performance
may fluctuate, causing the price of our stock to decline. 
 Our revenues and operating results have
fluctuated in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future on a quarterly and annual basis as a result of a number of factors,
many of which are beyond our control. Factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 
      • 
        
      fluctuations in the market value of salvage and used
vehicles; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the impact of foreign exchange gain and loss as a result of
international operations; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      our ability to successfully integrate our newly acquired
operations in international markets and any additional markets we may enter; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the availability of salvage vehicles; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      variations in vehicle accident rates; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      member participation in the Internet bidding
process; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      delays or changes in state title processing; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      changes in international, state or federal laws or regulations
affecting salvage vehicles; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      changes in local laws affecting who may purchase salvage
vehicles; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      our ability to integrate and manage our acquisitions
successfully; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the timing and size of our new facility openings; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the announcement of new vehicle supply agreements by us or our
competitors; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the severity of weather and seasonality of weather
patterns; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the amount and timing of operating costs and capital
expenditures relating to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the availability and cost of general business
insurance; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      labor costs and collective bargaining; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      changes in the current levels of out of state and foreign demand
for salvage vehicles; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the introduction of a similar Internet product by a competitor;
and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      the ability to obtain necessary permits to operate. 
 
 
 
 
 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Due to the foregoing factors, our
operating results in one or more future periods can be expected to fluctuate. As a result, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results
of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance. In the event such fluctuations
result in our financial performance being below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the price of our common stock could decline
substantially. 
 Our Internet-based sales model has
increased the relative importance of intellectual property assets to our business, and any inability to protect those rights could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position, or results of operations. 
 Our intellectual property rights
include patents relating to our auction technologies, as well as trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. In
addition, we may enter into agreements with third parties regarding the license or other use of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions.
Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed, deployed, or made
available. We seek to maintain certain intellectual property rights as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by third parties, or
intentionally or accidentally by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from those trade secrets. Any
significant impairment of our intellectual property rights, or any inability to protect our intellectual property rights, could have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 We have in the past been and may in
the future be subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages, and could limit our ability
to use certain technologies in the future. 
 Litigation based on allegations of
infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights are common among companies who rely heavily on intellectual property rights. Our
reliance on intellectual property rights has increased significantly in recent years as we have implemented our auction-style sales technologies across
our business and ceased conducting live auctions. Recent U.S. Supreme Court precedent potentially restricts patentability of software inventions by
affirming that patent claims merely requiring application of an abstract idea on standard computers utilizing generic computer functions are patent
ineligible, which may impact our ability to enforce our issued patent and obtain new patents. As we face increasing competition, the possibility of
intellectual property rights claims against us increases. Litigation and any other intellectual property claims, whether with or without merit, can be
time-consuming, expensive to litigate and settle, and can divert management resources and attention from our core business. An adverse determination in
current or future litigation could prevent us from offering our products and services in the manner currently conducted. We may also have to pay
damages or seek a license for the technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms and which may significantly increase our operating
expenses, if it is available for us to license at all. We could also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require
significant effort and expense. 
 If we experience problems with our
subhaulers and trucking fleet operations, our business could be harmed. 
 We rely solely upon independent
subhaulers to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our North American and Brazilian storage facilities. We also utilize, to a lesser extent,
independent subhaulers in the U.K. Our failure to pick up and deliver vehicles in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, an increase in fuel cost may lead to increased prices charged by our independent
subhaulers, which may significantly increase our cost. We may not be able to pass these costs on to our sellers or buyers. 
 In addition to using independent
subhaulers, in the U.K. we utilize a fleet of company trucks to pick up and deliver vehicles from our U.K. storage facilities. In connection therewith,
we are subject to the risks associated with providing trucking services, including inclement weather, disruptions in transportation 
 
 20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 infrastructure, availability and
price of fuel, any of which could result in an increase in our operating expenses and reduction in our net income. 
 We are partially self-insured for
certain losses and if our estimates of the cost of future claims differ from actual trends, our results of operations could be
harmed. 
 We are partially self-insured for
certain losses related to medical insurance, general liability, workers’ compensation and auto liability. Our liability represents an estimate of
the ultimate cost of claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. The estimated liability is not discounted and is established based upon analysis of
historical data and actuarial estimates. Further, we utilize independent actuaries to assist us in establishing the proper amount of reserves for
anticipated payouts associated with these self-insured exposures. While we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently
available, if actual trends, including the severity of claims and medical cost inflation, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be
impacted. 
 Our executive officers, directors
and their affiliates hold a large percentage of our stock and their interests may differ from other stockholders. 
 Our executive officers, directors and
their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 19.2% of our common stock as of July 31, 2014. If they were to act together, these stockholders
would have significant influence over most matters requiring approval by stockholders, including the election of directors, any amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and certain significant corporate transactions, including potential merger or acquisition transactions. In addition,
without the consent of these stockholders, we could be delayed or prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us or our other
investors. These stockholders may take these actions even if they are opposed by our other investors. 
 We have certain provisions in our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which may have an anti-takeover effect or that may delay, defer or prevent acquisition bids for us that a
stockholder might consider favorable and limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our board of directors is authorized to
create and issue from time to time, without stockholder approval, up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of
which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include rights superior to the rights of the
holders of common stock. In addition, our bylaws establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board of directors or for
proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware
law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders.
These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to
take other corporate actions the stockholders desire. 
 If we lose key management or are
unable to attract and retain the talent required for our business, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our
objectives. 
 Our future success depends in large
part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, all of whom are employed on an at-will basis and none of whom are subject to
any agreements not to compete. If we lose the service of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, in particular Willis J. Johnson, our
Chairman; A. Jayson Adair, our Chief Executive Officer; Vincent W. Mitz, our President; and William E. Franklin, our Executive Vice President, United
States and Chief Financial Officer, or if one or more of these executives decide to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with
us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. 
 
 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our cash investments are subject to
numerous risks. 
 We may invest our excess cash in
securities or money market funds backed by securities, which may include U.S. treasuries, other federal, state and municipal debt, bonds, preferred
stock, commercial paper, insurance contracts and other securities both privately and publicly traded. All securities are subject to risk, including
fluctuations in interest rates, credit risk, market risk and systemic economic risk. Changes or movements in any of these risk factors may result in a
loss or impairment to our invested cash and may have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial
position. 
 Rapid technological changes may
render our technology obsolete or decrease the competitiveness of our services. 
 To remain competitive, we must continue
to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our websites and software. The Internet and the online commerce industry are rapidly changing.
In particular, the online commerce is characterized by increasingly complex systems and infrastructures. If competitors introduce new services
embodying new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing websites and proprietary technology and systems may become
obsolete. Our future success will depend on our ability to: 
 
 
      • 
        
      enhance our existing services; 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      develop and license new services and technologies that address
the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our prospective customers; and 
 
 
 
 
 
      • 
        
      respond to technological advances and emerging industry
standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. 
 
 
 
 Developing our websites and other
proprietary technology entails significant technical and business risks. We may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our
websites, transaction-processing systems and network infrastructure to customer requirements or emerging industry standards. If we face material delays
in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our customers and suppliers may forego the use of our services and use those of our
competitors. 
 New member programs could impact our
operating results. 
 We have or will initiate programs to
open our auctions to the general public. These programs include the Registered Broker program through which the public can purchase vehicles through a
registered member and the Market Maker program through which registered members can open Copart storefronts with Internet kiosks enabling the general
public to search our inventory and purchase vehicles. Initiating programs that allow access to our online auctions to the general public may involve
material expenditures and we cannot predict what future benefit, if any, will be derived. 
 Factors such as mild weather
conditions can have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, as well as our revenue and earnings growth rates, by reducing the
available supply of salvage vehicles. Conversely, extreme weather conditions can result in an oversupply of salvage vehicles that requires us to incur
abnormal expenses to respond to market demands. 
 Mild weather conditions tend to result
in a decrease in the available supply of salvage vehicles because traffic accidents decrease and fewer automobiles are damaged. Accordingly, mild
weather can have an adverse effect on our salvage vehicle inventories, which would be expected to have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating
results and related growth rates. Conversely, our inventories will tend to increase in poor weather such as a harsh winter or as a result of adverse
weather-related conditions such as flooding. During periods of mild weather conditions, our ability to increase our revenues and improve our operating
results and related growth will be increasingly dependent on our ability to obtain additional vehicle sellers and to compete more effectively in the
market, each of which is subject to the other risks and uncertainties described in these 
 
 22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 sections. In addition, extreme
weather conditions, although they increase the available supply of salvage cars, can have an adverse effect on our operating results. For example,
during fiscal 2006 and fiscal 2013, we recognized substantial additional costs associated with Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Sandy. Weather events have
had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of yard capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the U.S.
These additional costs were characterized as “abnormal” under ASC 330,  Inventory,  and included the additional subhauling, payroll,
equipment and facilities expenses directly related to the operating conditions created by the hurricanes. In the event that we were to again experience
extremely adverse weather or other anomalous conditions that result in an abnormally high number of salvage vehicles in one or more of our markets,
those conditions could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 
 Macroeconomic factors such as high
fuel prices, declines in commodity prices, and declines in used car prices may have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, as well as
our earnings growth rates. 
 Macroeconomic factors that affect oil
prices and the automobile and commodity markets can have adverse effects on our revenues, revenue growth rates (if any), and operating results.
Significant increases in the cost of fuel could lead to a reduction in miles driven per car and a reduction in accident rates. A material reduction in
accident rates could have a material impact on revenue growth. In addition, under our percentage incentive program contracts, or PIP, the cost of
towing the vehicle to one of our facilities is included in the PIP fee. We may incur increased fees, which we may not be able to pass on to our vehicle
sellers. A material increase in tow rates could have a material impact on our operating results. Volatility in fuel, commodity, and used car prices
could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and revenue growth rates in future periods. 
 The salvage vehicle sales industry
is highly competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully. 
 We face significant competition for the
supply of salvage vehicles and for the buyers of those vehicles. We believe our principal competitors include other auction and vehicle remarketing
service companies with whom we compete directly in obtaining vehicles from insurance companies and other sellers, and large vehicle dismantlers, who
may buy salvage vehicles directly from insurance companies, bypassing the salvage sales process. Many of the insurance companies have established
relationships with competitive remarketing companies and large dismantlers. Certain of our competitors may have greater financial resources than us.
Due to the limited number of vehicle sellers, particularly in the U.K., the absence of long-term contractual commitments between us and our sellers and
the increasingly competitive market environment, there can be no assurance that our competitors will not gain market share at our
expense. 
 We may also encounter significant
competition for local, regional and national supply agreements with vehicle sellers. There can be no assurance that the existence of other local,
regional or national contracts entered into by our competitors will not have a material adverse effect on our business or our expansion plans.
Furthermore, we are likely to face competition from major competitors in the acquisition of vehicle storage facilities, which could significantly
increase the cost of such acquisitions and thereby materially impede our expansion objectives or have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations. These potential new competitors may include consolidators of automobile dismantling businesses, organized salvage vehicle buying
groups, automobile manufacturers, automobile auctioneers and software companies. While most vehicle sellers have abandoned or reduced efforts to sell
salvage vehicles directly without the use of service providers such as us, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue, which could
adversely affect our market share, consolidated results of operations and financial position. Additionally, existing or new competitors may be
significantly larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than us; therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete
successfully in the future. 
 
 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Government regulation of the salvage
vehicle sales industry may impair our operations, increase our costs of doing business and create potential liability. 
 Participants in the salvage vehicle
sales industry are subject to, and may be required to expend funds to ensure compliance with a variety of governmental, regulatory and administrative
rules, regulations, land use ordinances, licensure requirements and procedures, including those governing vehicle registration, the environment, zoning
and land use. Failure to comply with present or future regulations or changes in interpretations of existing regulations may result in impairment of
our operations and the imposition of penalties and other liabilities. At various times, we may be involved in disputes with local governmental
officials regarding the development and/or operation of our business facilities. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with
applicable regulatory requirements. We may be subject to similar types of regulations by federal, national, international, provincial, state, and local
governmental agencies in new markets. In addition, new regulatory requirements or changes in existing requirements may delay or increase the cost of
opening new facilities, may limit our base of salvage vehicle buyers and may decrease demand for our vehicles. 
 Changes in laws affecting the
importation of salvage vehicles may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Our Internet-based auction-style model
has allowed us to offer our products and services to international markets and has increased our international buyer base. As a result, foreign
importers of salvage vehicles now represent a significant part of our total buyer base. Changes in laws and regulations that restrict the importation
of salvage vehicles into foreign countries may reduce the demand for salvage vehicles and impact our ability to maintain or increase our international
buyer base. For example, in March 2008, a decree issued by the president of Mexico became effective that placed restrictions on the types of vehicles
that can be imported into Mexico from the U.S. The adoption of similar laws or regulations in other jurisdictions that have the effect of reducing or
curtailing our activities abroad could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position by reducing the
demand for our products and services. 
 The operation of our storage
facilities poses certain environmental risks, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
flows. 
 Our operations are subject to federal,
state, national, provincial and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries which we have storage
facilities. In the salvage vehicle remarketing industry, large numbers of wrecked vehicles are stored at storage facilities and during that time,
spills of fuel, motor oil and other fluids may occur, resulting in soil, surface water or groundwater contamination. In addition, certain of our
facilities generate and/or store petroleum products and other hazardous materials, including waste solvents and used oil. In the U.K., we provide
vehicle de-pollution and crushing services for End-of-Life program vehicles. We could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative or
remedial action and could be exposed to liability arising from our operations, contamination by previous users of certain of our acquired facilities,
or the disposal of our waste at off-site locations. Environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time and there can be no
assurance that we or our operations will not be subject to significant costs in the future. Although we have obtained indemnification for pre-existing
environmental liabilities from many of the persons and entities from whom we have acquired facilities, there can be no assurance that such
indemnifications will be adequate. Any such expenditures or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations
and financial position. 
 
 24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Adverse U.S. and international
economic conditions may negatively affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 The capital and credit markets have
historically experienced extreme volatility and disruption, which has in the past and may in the future lead to economic downturns in the U.S. and
abroad. As a result of any economic downturn, the number of miles driven may decrease, which may lead to fewer accident claims, a reduction of vehicle
repairs, and fewer salvage vehicles. Increases in unemployment, as a result of any economic downturn, may lead to an increase in the number of
uninsured motorists. Uninsured motorists are responsible for disposition of their vehicle, if involved in an accident. Disposition generally is either
the repair or disposal of the vehicle. In the situation where the owner of the wrecked vehicle, and not an insurance company, is responsible for its
disposition, we believe it is more likely that vehicle will be repaired or, if disposed, disposed through channels other than us. Adverse credit
markets may also affect the ability of members to secure financing to purchase salvaged vehicles which may adversely affect demand. In addition, if the
banking system or the financial markets deteriorate or is volatile, our credit facility or our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing
may be affected. These adverse economic conditions and events may have a negative effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and
financial position. 
 If we determine that our goodwill
has become impaired, we could incur significant charges that would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of
operations. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost
over the fair market value of assets acquired in business combinations. In recent periods, the amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets
has increased substantially, principally as a result of a series of acquisitions we have made in North America, the U.K., Brazil, Germany, the U.A.E.,
and Spain in fiscal 2013 and 2014. As of July 31, 2014, the amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet subject to future impairment testing
was $283.8 million. 
 Pursuant to ASC 350,
 Intangibles—Goodwill and Other , we are required to annually test goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives to determine if
impairment has occurred. Additionally, interim reviews must be performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have
occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference
between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the
period the determination is made. The testing of goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment requires us to make significant estimates about
our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including changes in the
definition of a business segment in which we operate; changes in economic, industry or market conditions; changes in business operations; changes in
competition; or potential changes in the share price of our common stock and market capitalization. Changes in these factors, or changes in actual
performance compared with estimates of our future performance, could affect the fair value of goodwill or other intangible assets, which may result in
an impairment charge. For example, continued deterioration in worldwide economic conditions could affect these assumptions and lead us to determine
that goodwill impairment is required with respect to our acquisitions in North America, the U.K., Brazil, Germany, the U.A.E. or Spain. We cannot
accurately predict the amount or timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, it
could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could result in our incurring net losses in future
periods. 
 An adverse outcome of a pending
Georgia sales tax audit could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Georgia Department of Revenue, or
DOR, conducted a sales and use tax audit of our operations in Georgia for the period from January 1, 2007 through June 30, 2011. As a result of the
audit, the DOR issued a notice of proposed assessment for uncollected sales taxes in which it asserted that we failed to remit sales taxes totaling
$73.8 million, including penalties and interest. In issuing the notice of proposed assessment, the 
 
 25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 DOR stated its policy position that
sales for resale to non-U.S. registered resellers are subject to Georgia sales and use tax. 
 We have engaged a Georgia law firm and
outside tax advisors to review the conduct of our business operations in Georgia, the notice of assessment, and the DOR’s policy position. In
particular, our outside legal counsel has provided us with an opinion that our sales for resale to non-U.S. registered resellers should not be subject
to Georgia sales and use tax. In rendering its opinion, our counsel noted that non-U.S. registered resellers are unable to comply strictly with
technical requirements for a Georgia certificate of exemption but concluded that our sales for resale to non-U.S. registered resellers should not be
subject to Georgia sales and use tax notwithstanding this technical inability to comply. 
 Based on the opinion from our outside
law firm and advice from outside tax advisors, we believe that we have adequately provided for the payment of this assessment in our consolidated
financial statements. We believe we have strong defenses to the DOR’s notice of proposed assessment and intend to defend this matter. We have
filed a request for protest or administrative appeal with the State of Georgia. There can be no assurance that this matter will be resolved in our
favor or that we will not ultimately be required to make a substantial payment to the Georgia DOR. We understand that Georgia law and DOR regulations
are ambiguous on many of the points at issue in the audit and litigating and defending the matter in Georgia could be expensive and time-consuming and
result in substantial management distraction. If the matter were to be resolved in a manner adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 New accounting pronouncements or new
interpretations of existing standards could require us to make adjustments to accounting policies that could adversely affect the consolidated
financial statements. 
 The Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and the SEC, from time to time issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing
accounting standards that require changes to our accounting policies and procedures. To date, we do not believe any new pronouncements or
interpretations have had a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position, but future pronouncements or
interpretations could require a change or changes in our policies or procedures. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates could result in declines in our reported revenues and earnings. 
 Our reported revenues and earnings are
subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We do not engage in foreign currency hedging arrangements; consequently, foreign currency
fluctuations may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Should we choose to engage in hedging activities in the future we cannot be assured our
hedges will be effective or that the costs of the hedges will exceed their benefits. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and
foreign currencies, primarily the British pound, Canadian dollar, U.A.E. dirham, Brazilian real, and the Euro could adversely affect our consolidated
results of operations and financial position. 
 If the interest rate swaps entered
into in connection with our credit facility prove ineffective, it could result in volatility in our operating results, including potential losses,
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We entered into two interest rate swaps
to exchange our variable interest rate payment commitments for fixed interest rate payments on the Term Loan. The notional amount of the two derivative
transactions amortizes $18.8 million per quarter until September 30, 2015 and $200.0 million on December 14, 2015. The first swap agreement fixed our
interest rate with respect to a notional amount of $237.5 million of our Term Loan, at 85 basis points plus the Applicable Rate as outlined in our
Credit Facility Agreement. The second 
 
 26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 swap agreement fixed our interest
rate with respect to a notional amount of $56.3 million of our Term Loan, at 69 basis points plus the Applicable Rate as outlined in our Credit
Facility Agreement. The Applicable Rate on our Credit Facility can fluctuate between 1.5% and 2.0% depending on our consolidated net leverage ratio (as
defined in the Credit Facility) and at July 31, 2014 was 1.5%. 
 We recorded the swaps at fair value,
and are currently designated as an effective cash flow hedge under ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging . Each quarter, we measure hedge
effectiveness using the “hypothetical derivative method” and record in earnings any gains or losses resulting from hedge ineffectiveness. The
hedge provided by our swaps could prove to be ineffective for a number of reasons, including early retirement of the Term Loan, as is allowed under the
Credit Facility, or in the event the counterparty to the interest rate swaps are determined in the future to not be creditworthy. Any determination
that the hedge created by the swaps is ineffective could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows and result in
volatility in our operating results. In addition, any changes in relevant accounting standards relating to the swaps, especially ASC 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging , could materially increase earnings volatility. 
 
 
      Item 1B. 
        
      Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 
 
 None. 
 
 
      Item 2. 
        
      Properties 
 
 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located
in Dallas, Texas. This facility consists of approximately 70,000 square feet of office space under a lease which expires in fiscal 2024. In the U.S.,
we own or lease facilities in every state except North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Vermont and Wyoming. In Canada, we own or lease facilities
in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec and Alberta. In the U.K., we own or lease 15 operating facilities. In Brazil, we own or lease five operating
facilities. In the U.A.E., we lease one operating facility. In Germany and Spain we operate online platforms. We believe that our existing facilities
are adequate to meet current requirements and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any expansion of
operations and additional offices on commercially acceptable terms. 
 
 
      Item 3. 
        
      Legal Proceedings 
 
 
 
 Legal
Proceedings 
 We are subject to threats of litigation
and are involved in actual litigation and damage claims arising in the ordinary course of business, such as actions related to injuries, property
damage, and handling or disposal of vehicles. The material pending legal proceedings to which we are party to, or of which our property is subject to
include the following matters. 
 On November 1, 2013, we filed suit
against Sparta Consulting, Inc. (now known as “KPIT”) in the 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County, Texas, alleging fraud, fraudulent
inducement, and/or promissory fraud, negligent misrepresentation, unfair business practices pursuant to California Business and Professions Code §
17200, breach of contract, declaratory judgment, and attorney’s fees. We seek compensatory and exemplary damages, disgorgement of amounts paid,
attorney’s fees, pre- and post-judgment interest, costs of suit, and a judicial declaration of the parties’ rights, duties, and obligations
under the Implementation Services Agreement dated October 6, 2011. The suit arises out of our September 17, 2013 decision to terminate the
Implementation Services Agreement, under which KPIT was to design, implement, and deliver a customized replacement enterprise resource planning system
for us. On January 2, 2014, KPIT removed this suit to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas. On August 11, 2014, the
Northern District of Texas transferred the suit to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California for convenience. On January
8, 2014, KPIT filed suit against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California, alleging breach of contract, promissory
estoppel, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, account stated, quantum meruit, unjust enrichment, and declaratory relief.
KPIT 
 
 27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 seeks compensatory and exemplary
damages, prejudgment interest, costs of suit, and a judicial declaration of the parties’ rights, duties, and obligations under the Implementation
Services Agreement. We are zealously pursuing our claim for damages, and vigorously defending KPIT’s claim for damages. 
 In connection with our response to
Hurricane Sandy, we entered into various short-term lease/license agreements with certain land owners in New York and New Jersey to marshal and store
storm damaged vehicles until they were sold. In November and December 2012, various actions were commenced against us and land owners. In New York,
actions were brought by the Town of Southampton, the County of Suffolk, the Town of Brookhaven, and the New York State Department of Environmental
Conservation (the DEC), seeking declaratory and injunctive relief as well as civil penalties, in connection with alleged violations of local zoning,
land use and environmental regulations. The claims by the various plaintiffs have been mitigated with the removal of vehicles from the various
short-term storage locations in New York. The claims brought by the DEC have all been resolved through entering into consent orders, which included
administrative payments in amounts that are not material to us, and restoration of premises, which we are undertaking. We are defending the remaining
New York claim and believe we have bona fide legal defenses. 
 We have provided for costs relating to
these matters when a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The effect of the outcome of these matters on our future consolidated
results of operations and cash flows cannot be predicted because any such effect depends on future results of operations and the amount and timing of
the resolution of such matters. We believe that any ultimate liability will not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations,
financial position or cash flows. However, the amount of the liabilities associated with these claims, if any, cannot be determined with certainty. We
maintain insurance which may or may not provide coverage for claims made against us. There is no assurance that there will be insurance coverage
available when and if needed. Additionally, the insurance that we carry requires that we pay for costs and/or claims exposure up to the amount of the
insurance deductibles negotiated when the insurance is purchased. 
 Governmental
Proceedings 
 The Georgia Department of Revenue, or
DOR, conducted a sales and use tax audit of our operations in Georgia for the period from January 1, 2007 through June 30, 2011. As a result of the
audit, the DOR issued a notice of proposed assessment for uncollected sales taxes in which it asserted that we failed to remit sales taxes totaling
$73.8 million, including penalties and interest. In issuing the notice of proposed assessment, the DOR stated its policy position that sales for resale
to non-U.S. registered resellers are subject to Georgia sales and use tax. 
 We have engaged a Georgia law firm and
outside tax advisors to review the conduct of our business operations in Georgia, the notice of assessment, and the DOR’s policy position. In
particular, our outside legal counsel has provided us an opinion that the sales for resale to non-U.S. registered resellers should not be subject to
Georgia sales and use tax. In rendering its opinion, our counsel noted that non-U.S. registered resellers are unable to comply strictly with technical
requirements for a Georgia certificate of exemption but concluded that our sales for resale to non-U.S. registered resellers should not be subject to
Georgia sales and use tax notwithstanding this technical inability to comply. 
 Based on the opinion from our outside
law firm and advice from outside tax advisors, we have adequately provided for the payment of a possible assessment in our consolidated financial
statements. We believe we have strong defenses to the DOR’s notice of proposed assessment and intend to defend this matter. We have filed a
request for protest or administrative appeal with the State of Georgia. There can be no assurance that this matter will be resolved in our favor or
that we will not ultimately be required to make a substantial payment to the Georgia DOR. We understand that Georgia law and DOR regulations are
ambiguous on many of the points at issue in the audit, and litigating and defending the matter in Georgia could be expensive and time-consuming and
result in substantial management distraction. If the matter were to 
 
 28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 be resolved in a manner adverse to
us, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 
      Item 4. 
        
      Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 29 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 PART II 
 
 
      Item 5. 
        
      Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 
 
 Market
Information 
 The following table summarizes the high
and low sales prices per share of our common stock for each quarter during the last two fiscal years. As of July 31, 2014, there were 126,143,366
shares outstanding. Our common stock has been quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “CPRT” since March 17, 1994. As of
July 31, 2014, we had 1,225 stockholders of record. On July 31, 2014, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market was $33.38 per share. 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      High 
          
      Low 
          
      High 
          
      Low 
 
 
      Fourth Quarter  
          
          
          
        $ 
       37.15 
         
          
        $ 
       33.37 
         
          
        $ 
       38.26 
         
          
        $ 
       30.11 
         
 
 
      Third Quarter  
          
          
          
        $ 
       37.54 
         
          
        $ 
       32.59 
         
          
        $ 
       36.93 
         
          
        $ 
       31.30 
         
 
 
      Second Quarter  
          
          
          
        $ 
       36.93 
         
          
        $ 
       31.08 
         
          
        $ 
       37.47 
         
          
        $ 
       28.39 
         
 
 
      First Quarter  
          
          
          
        $ 
       34.71 
         
          
        $ 
       30.38 
         
          
        $ 
       28.98 
         
          
        $ 
       23.28 
         
 
  
 Dividend Policies 
 We have not paid a cash dividend since
becoming a public company in 1994. We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in our business. 
 We expect to continue to use cash flows
from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. In addition to our stock repurchase program, we are
considering a variety of alternative potential uses for our remaining cash balances and our cash flows from operations. These alternative potential
uses include additional stock repurchases, repayments of long-term debt, the payment of dividends and acquisitions. 
 Repurchase of Our Common Stock 
 On September 22, 2011, our Board of
Directors approved a 40 million share increase in the stock repurchase program, bringing the total current authorization to 98 million shares. The
repurchases may be effected through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. No time limit has
been placed on the duration of the stock repurchase program. Subject to applicable securities laws, such repurchases will be made at such times and in
such amounts as we deem appropriate and may be discontinued at any time. For fiscal 2014, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. For
fiscal 2013, we repurchased 500,000 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of $27.77. For fiscal 2012, we repurchased 8,880,708 shares
of our common stock at a weighted average price of $22.51. As of July 31, 2014, the total number of shares repurchased under the program was 50,286,782
and 47,713,218 shares were available for repurchase under our program. 
 Additionally, on January 14, 2011, we
completed a tender offer to purchase up to 21,052,630 shares of our common stock at a price of $19.00 per share. Our directors and executive officers
were expressly prohibited from participating in the tender offer by our board of directors under our Insider Trading Policy. In connection with the
tender offer, we accepted for purchase 24,344,176 shares of our common stock. The shares accepted for purchase are comprised of the 21,052,630 shares
we offered to purchase and an additional 3,291,546 shares purchased pursuant to our right to purchase additional shares up to 2% of our outstanding
shares. The shares purchased as a result of the tender offer are not part of our repurchase program. The purchase of the shares of common stock was
funded by the proceeds relating to the issuance of long term debt. The dilutive earnings per share impact of all repurchased shares on the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding for fiscal 2014 is less than $0.01. 
 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The number and average price of shares
purchased in each fiscal year are set forth in the table below: 
 
 
 
      Period 
        
        
          
      Total  Number of  Shares 
          
      Average  Price Paid  Per Share 
          
      Total Number of  Shares Purchased  as Part of
Publicly  Announced Program 
          
      Maximum Number  of Shares That May  Yet be
Purchased  Under the Program 
 
 
      Fiscal 2012 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      First Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      2,139,796 
         
          
        $ 
       20.26 
         
          
           
      2,139,796 
         
          
           
      54,954,130 
         
 
 
      Second Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      3,940,912 
         
          
        $ 
       23.37 
         
          
           
      3,940,912 
         
          
           
      51,013,218 
         
 
 
      Third Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      51,013,218 
         
 
 
      Fourth Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      2,800,000 
         
          
        $ 
       23.22 
         
          
           
      2,800,000 
         
          
           
      48,213,218 
         
 
 
      Fiscal 2013 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      First Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      500,000 
         
          
        $ 
       27.77 
         
          
           
      500,000 
         
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
 
      Second Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
 
      Third Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
 
      Fourth Quarter  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
 
      Fiscal 2014 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      May 1, 2014 through May 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
 
      June 1, 2014 through June 30, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
 
      July 1, 2014 through July 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      47,713,218 
         
 
  
 In the first, second and third quarters
of fiscal 2012 and the second quarter of fiscal 2013 certain executive officers exercised stock options through cashless exercises. In the first
quarter of fiscal 2014, certain employees exercised stock options through cashless exercises. A portion of the options exercised were net settled in
satisfaction of the exercise price and federal and state minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. We remitted $0.1 million, $0.6 million, and
$2.6 million as of July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to the proper taxing authorities in satisfaction of the employees’ minimum
statutory withholding requirements. 
 The exercised stock options are
summarized in the following table: 
 
 
 
      Period 
        
        
          
      Options  Exercised 
          
      Exercise  Price 
          
      Shares Net  Settled for  Exercise 
          
      Shares  Withheld  for Taxes(1) 
          
      Net  Shares to  Employee 
          
      Share  Price for  Withholding 
          
      Tax  Withholding  (in 000s) 
 
 
      FY 2012—Q1  
          
          
          
           
      40,000 
         
          
        $ 
       9.00 
         
          
           
      16,082 
         
          
           
      8,974 
         
          
           
      14,944 
         
          
        $ 
       22.39 
         
          
        $ 
       201 
          
 
 
      FY 2012—Q2  
          
          
          
           
      20,000 
         
          
           
      9.00 
         
          
           
      7,506 
         
          
           
      4,584 
         
          
           
      7,910 
         
          
           
      23.98 
         
          
           
      110 
          
 
 
      FY 2012—Q3  
          
          
          
           
      322,520 
         
          
           
      10.74 
         
          
           
      131,299 
         
          
           
      85,683 
         
          
           
      105,538 
         
          
           
      26.38 
         
          
           
      2,260 
         
 
 
      FY 2013—Q2  
          
          
          
           
      73,228 
         
          
           
      8.89 
         
          
           
      18,127 
         
          
           
      17,461 
         
          
           
      37,640 
         
          
           
      35.91 
         
          
           
      627 
          
 
 
      FY 2014—Q1  
          
          
          
           
      14,000 
         
          
           
      16.43 
         
          
           
      7,241 
         
          
           
      2,519 
         
          
           
      4,240 
         
          
           
      31.77 
         
          
           
      80 
          
 
  
 
 
 
      (1) 
        
      Shares withheld for taxes are treated as a repurchase of shares
for accounting purposes but do not count against our stock repurchase program. 
 
 
 
 Issuances of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no issuances of unregistered
securities in the year ended July 31, 2014. 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Performance Graph 
 Notwithstanding any statement to the
contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the SEC, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall
not be deemed “filed” with the SEC or “Soliciting Material” under the Exchange Act, or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to
liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act except to the extent we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or
to the extent we specifically incorporate this information by reference. 
 The following is a line graph comparing
the cumulative total return to stockholders of our common stock at July 31, 2014 since July 31, 2009, to the cumulative total return over such period
of (i) the NASDAQ Composite Index, (ii) the NASDAQ Industrial Index, and (iii) the NASDAQ Q-50 (NXTQ). 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*  Among
Copart, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index,  the NASDAQ Industrial Index, and the NASDAQ Q-50 (NXTQ) 
 
   
  
   
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2009 
          
      2010 
          
      2011 
          
      2012 
          
      2013 
          
      2014 
 
 
      Copart, Inc.  
          
          
          
        $ 
       100.00 
         
          
        $ 
       103.20 
         
          
        $ 
       123.05 
         
          
        $ 
       134.58 
         
          
        $ 
       184.14 
         
          
        $ 
       189.07 
         
 
 
      NASDAQ Composite  
          
          
          
        $ 
       100.00 
         
          
        $ 
       115.74 
         
          
        $ 
       142.18 
         
          
        $ 
       150.64 
         
          
        $ 
       187.27 
         
          
        $ 
       230.59 
         
 
 
      NASDAQ Industrial  
          
          
          
        $ 
       100.00 
         
          
        $ 
       121.57 
         
          
        $ 
       163.50 
         
          
        $ 
       169.08 
         
          
        $ 
       231.92 
         
          
        $ 
       259.26 
         
 
 
      NASDAQ Q-50 (NXTQ)  
          
          
          
        $ 
       100.00 
         
          
        $ 
       121.12 
         
          
        $ 
       151.75 
         
          
        $ 
       144.97 
         
          
        $ 
       221.92 
         
          
        $ 
       266.02 
         
 
  
 
 
 
      * 
        
      Assumes that $100.00 was invested on July 31, 2009 in our common
stock, in the NASDAQ Composite Index, the NASDAQ Industrial Index and the NASDAQ Q-50 (NXTQ), and that all dividends were reinvested. No dividends have
been declared on our common stock. Stockholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future stockholder
returns. 
 
 
 
 
 32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      Item 6. 
        
      Selected Financial Data 
 
 
 
 The following selected consolidated
financial data should be read in conjunction with our “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” in Item 7., and “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in Item 8. Our historical results of operations are not
necessarily indicative of results of operations to be expected for any future period. 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
          
      2011* 
          
      2010 
 
 
      (In thousands, except per share) 
        
        
          
 
 
      Operating Data 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Revenues  
          
          
          
        $ 
       1,163,489 
         
          
        $ 
       1,046,386 
         
          
        $ 
       924,191 
         
          
        $ 
       872,246 
         
          
        $ 
       772,879 
         
 
 
      Operating income  
          
          
          
           
      274,934 
         
          
           
      282,992 
         
          
           
      286,353 
         
          
           
      265,290 
         
          
           
      239,070 
         
 
 
      Income from continuing operations before income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      270,035 
         
          
           
      276,872 
         
          
           
      278,056 
         
          
           
      263,877 
         
          
           
      239,495 
         
 
 
      Income tax expense  
          
          
          
           
      (91,348 
      )   
          
           
      (96,847 
      )   
          
           
      (95,937 
      )   
          
           
      (97,502 
      )   
          
           
      (87,868 
      )   
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
        $ 
       178,687 
         
          
        $ 
       180,025 
         
          
        $ 
       182,119 
         
          
        $ 
       166,375 
         
          
        $ 
       151,627 
         
 
 
      Basic net income per common share  
          
          
          
        $ 
       1.42 
         
          
        $ 
       1.44 
         
          
        $ 
       1.42 
         
          
        $ 
       1.10 
         
          
        $ 
       0.90 
         
 
 
      Weighted average shares  
          
          
          
           
      125,693 
         
          
           
      124,912 
         
          
           
      128,120 
         
          
           
      151,298 
         
          
           
      168,330 
         
 
 
      Diluted net income per common share  
          
          
          
        $ 
       1.36 
         
          
        $ 
       1.39 
         
          
        $ 
       1.39 
         
          
        $ 
       1.08 
         
          
        $ 
       0.89 
         
 
 
      Weighted average shares  
          
          
          
           
      131,230 
         
          
           
      129,781 
         
          
           
      131,428 
         
          
           
      153,352 
         
          
           
      170,054 
         
 
 
      Balance Sheet Data 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Cash and cash equivalents  
          
          
          
        $ 
       158,668 
         
          
        $ 
       63,631 
         
          
        $ 
       140,112 
         
          
        $ 
       74,009 
         
          
        $ 
       268,188 
         
 
 
      Working capital  
          
          
          
           
      168,007 
         
          
           
      67,893 
         
          
           
      134,908 
         
          
           
      75,242 
         
          
           
      330,191 
         
 
 
      Total assets  
          
          
          
           
      1,506,804 
         
          
           
      1,334,481 
         
          
           
      1,154,000 
         
          
           
      1,084,436 
         
          
           
      1,228,812 
         
 
 
      Total debt  
          
          
          
           
      302,901 
         
          
           
      372,457 
         
          
           
      444,120 
         
          
           
      375,756 
         
          
           
      975 
          
 
 
      Stockholders’ equity  
          
          
          
           
      1,003,499 
         
          
           
      762,401 
         
          
           
      561,117 
         
          
           
      555,172 
         
          
           
      1,087,234 
         
 
  
 
 
 
      * 
        
      As a result of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update
2009–13,  Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables , for fiscal 2011, we accelerated recognition of $14.4 million in service revenue
and $13.5 million in related yard operation expenses. 
 
 
 
 
 33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      Item 7. 
        
      Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 
 
 CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2014, or this Form 10-K, including the information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,”
“should,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “forecast,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and situations that may cause our or our
industry’s actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These forward-looking statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor
provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These factors include those listed in Part I, Item 1A under the caption entitled
“Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K and those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this
Form 10-K to “Copart,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Copart, Inc. We encourage
investors to review these factors carefully together with the other matters referred to herein, as well as in the other documents we file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). We may from time to time make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including
statements contained in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or
on behalf of us. 
 All references to numbered Notes are
to specific Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and which descriptions are incorporated into the
applicable response by reference. Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operation (“MD&A”) have the same meanings as in such Notes. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of online
auctions and vehicle remarketing services in the United States (U.S.), Canada, the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Brazil. We also provide vehicle
remarketing services in the United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.), Germany and Spain. 
 We provide vehicle sellers with a full
range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the Internet through our Virtual Bidding Third Generation Internet auction-style sales
technology, which we refer to as VB3. Vehicle sellers consist primarily of insurance companies, but also include banks and financial institutions,
charities, car dealerships, fleet operators and vehicle rental companies. We sell the vehicles principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders,
repair licensees, used vehicle dealers and exporters and, at certain locations, to the general public. The majority of the vehicles sold on behalf of
insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss or not economically repairable by the insurance companies, or are recovered stolen
vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that
expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price. 
 In the U.S. and Canada (North America),
Brazil and the U.A.E., we sell vehicles primarily as an agent and derive revenue primarily from fees paid by vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, as
well as related fees for services such as towing and storage. In the U.K., we operate both on a principal basis, purchasing the salvage vehicles
outright from the insurance companies and reselling the vehicles for our own account, and as an agent. In Germany and Spain, we derive revenue from
sales listing fees for listing vehicles on behalf of many insurance companies. 
 
 34 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We monitor and analyze a number of key
financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Such indicators
include: 
 Service and Vehicle Sales
Revenue:  Our revenue consists of sales transaction fees charged to vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, transportation revenue, purchased vehicle
revenues, and other remarketing services. Revenues from sellers are generally generated either on a fixed fee contract basis, where we collect a fixed
amount for selling each vehicle regardless of the selling price of the vehicle or under our Percentage Incentive Program (PIP), where our fees are
generally based on a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price. Under the consignment or fixed fee program, we generally charge an additional
fee for title processing and special preparation. We may also charge additional fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to our facility, storage
of the vehicle, and other incidental costs included in the consignment fee. Under the consignment program, only the fees associated with vehicle
processing are recorded in revenue, not the actual sales price (gross proceeds). Sales transaction fees also include fees charged to vehicle buyers for
purchasing vehicles, storage, loading, and annual registration. Transportation revenue includes charges to sellers for towing vehicles under certain
contracts and towing charges assessed to buyers for delivering vehicles. Purchased vehicle revenue includes the gross sales price of the vehicle, which
we have purchased or are otherwise considered to own and is primarily generated in the U.K. We have certain contracts with insurance companies in which
we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. We also purchase vehicles in the open market, primarily from
individuals and resell them for our own account. 
 Our revenue is impacted by changes in
salvage frequency. Salvage frequency is the percentage of cars involved in accidents which insurance companies salvage rather than repair and is driven
by the relationship between repairs costs, used car values, and auction returns. Over the last several years, we believe there has been an increase in
overall growth in the salvage market driven by an increase in salvage frequency. The increase in salvage frequency may have been driven by the decline
in used car values relative to repair costs. Conversely, increases in used car prices, such as occurred during the most recent recession may decrease
salvage frequency and adversely affect our growth rate. Used car values are determined by many factors, including the used car supply, which is tied
directly to new car sales, and the average age of cars on the road. New cars sales grew on a year over year basis increasing the supply of used cars.
Additionally, the average age of cars on the road continued to increase, growing from 9.6 years in 2002 to 11.4 years in 2014. These factors, among
others, have led to a general decline in used car values while repair costs are generally trending upward. The factors that influence repair costs,
used car pricing, and auction returns are many and varied and we cannot predict their movements. Accordingly, we cannot predict future trends in
salvage frequency. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses: 
Yard operations consists primarily of operating personnel (which includes yard management, clerical and yard employees), rent, contract vehicle towing,
insurance, fuel, equipment maintenance and repair, and costs of vehicles sold under the purchase contracts. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, human resources, professional fees, research and development, and
marketing expenses. 
 Other Income and Expense:  Other
income primarily includes income from the rental of certain real property, foreign exchange rate gains and losses, and gains and losses from the
disposal of assets, which will fluctuate based on the nature of these activities each period. Other expense consists primarily of interest expense on
long-term debt. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 8 — Long-Term Debt. 
 Liquidity and Cash Flows:  Our
primary source of working capital is cash operating results. The primary source of our liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents. The primary factors
affecting cash operating results are: (i) seasonality; (ii) market wins and losses; (iii) supplier mix; (iv) accident frequency; (v) salvage frequency;
(vi) increased volume from our existing suppliers; (vii) commodity pricing; (viii) used car pricing; (ix) foreign currency exchange rates; (x) product
mix; and (xi) contract mix to the extent appropriate. These factors are further discussed in the Results of Operations and Risk Factors sections of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Potential internal sources of
additional working capital are the sale of assets or the issuance of equity through option exercises and shares issued under our Employee Stock
Purchase Plan. A potential external source of additional working capital is the issuance of debt and equity; however, we cannot predict if these
sources will be available in the future and, if available, if they can be issued under terms commercially acceptable to us. 
 Acquisitions and New Operations 
 As part of our overall expansion
strategy of offering integrated services to vehicle sellers, we anticipate acquiring and developing facilities in new regions, as well as the regions
currently served by our facilities. We believe that these acquisitions and openings strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in North
America, the U.K., the U.A.E., Germany, Spain and Brazil, and are able to provide national coverage for our sellers. All of these acquisitions have
been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. 
 The following table sets forth
facilities that we have acquired or opened from August 1, 2011 through July 31, 2014: 
 
 
 
      Locations 
        
        
          
      Acquisition or Greenfield 
          
      Date 
          
      Geographic Service Area 
 
 
      Atlanta, Georgia  
          
          
          
      Greenfield 
          
      August 2011 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Burlington, North Carolina  
          
          
          
      Greenfield 
          
      July 2012 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Webster New Hampshire  
          
          
          
      Greenfield 
          
      September 2012 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Gainesville, Georgia  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2013 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Davison, Michigan  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2013 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Ionia, Michigan  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2013 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Kincheloe, Michigan  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2013 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Salvage Parent, Inc.*  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2013 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Seaford, Delaware  
          
          
          
      Greenfield 
          
      July 2014 
          
      United States 
 
 
      Edmonton, Canada  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2012 
          
      Canada 
 
 
      Calgary, Canada  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      May 2012 
          
      Canada 
 
 
      Montreal, Canada  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2013 
          
      Canada 
 
 
      Dubai, U.A.E.  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      August 2012 
          
      United Arab Emirates 
 
 
      Embu, Brazil  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2012 
          
      Brazil 
 
 
      Pirapora, Brazil  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2012 
          
      Brazil 
 
 
      Osasco, Brazil  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2012 
          
      Brazil 
 
 
      Castelo Branco, Brazil  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2012 
          
      Brazil 
 
 
      Vila Jaguara, Brazil  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2012 
          
      Brazil 
 
 
      Itaquaquecetuba, Brazil  
          
          
          
      Greenfield 
          
      January 2014 
          
      Brazil 
 
 
      Ettlingen, Germany  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      November 2012 
          
      Germany 
 
 
      Cordoba, Spain  
          
          
          
      Acquisition 
          
      June 2013 
          
      Spain 
 
  
 
 
 
      * 
        
      Salvage Parent, Inc. conducts business primarily as Quad City
Salvage Auction, Crashed Toys, and Desert View Auto Auctions. 
 
 
 
 The period-to-period comparability of
our consolidated operating results and financial position is affected by business acquisitions, new openings, weather and product introductions during
such periods. In particular, we have certain contracts inherited through our U.K. acquisitions that require us to act as a principal, purchasing
vehicles from the insurance companies and reselling them for our own account. It is our intention, where possible, to migrate these contracts to the
agency model in future periods. Changes in the amount of revenue derived in a period from principal transactions relative to total revenue will impact
revenue growth and margin percentages. 
 In addition to growth through business
acquisitions, we seek to increase revenues and profitability by, among other things, (i) acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities
in key markets; 
 
 36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (ii) pursuing national and regional
vehicle seller agreements; (iii) increasing our service offerings to sellers and members; and (iv) expanding the application of VB3 into new markets.
In addition, we implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities
by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table shows certain data
from our consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of total service revenues and vehicle sales for fiscal 2014, 2013 and
2012: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In percentages) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Service revenues and vehicle sales: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Service revenues  
          
          
          
           
      82 
      %   
          
           
      81 
      %   
          
           
      82 
      %   
 
 
      Vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      18 
      %   
          
           
      19 
      %   
          
           
      18 
      %   
 
 
      Total service revenues and vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      100 
      %   
          
           
      100 
      %   
          
           
      100 
      %   
 
   
 
      Operating expenses: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Yard operations  
          
          
          
           
      45 
      %   
          
           
      44 
      %   
          
           
      41 
      %   
 
 
      Cost of vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      15 
      %   
          
           
      16 
      %   
          
           
      15 
      %   
 
 
      General and administrative  
          
          
          
           
      14 
      %   
          
           
      13 
      %   
          
           
      12 
      %   
 
 
      Impairment of long-lived assets  
          
          
          
           
      3 
      %   
          
           
      0 
      %   
          
           
      1 
      %   
 
 
      Total operating expenses  
          
          
          
           
      77 
      %   
          
           
      73 
      %   
          
           
      69 
      %   
 
 
      Operating income  
          
          
          
           
      23 
      %   
          
           
      27 
      %   
          
           
      31 
      %   
 
 
      Other (expense) income:  
          
          
          
           
      0 
      %   
          
           
      –1 
      %   
          
           
      –1 
      %   
 
 
      Income before income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      23 
      %   
          
           
      26 
      %   
          
           
      30 
      %   
 
 
      Income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      8 
      %   
          
           
      9 
      %   
          
           
      10 
      %   
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
           
      15 
      %   
          
           
      17 
      %   
          
           
      20 
      %   
 
  
 Comparison of Fiscal Years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012 
 The following table presents a
comparison of service revenues and vehicle sales for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
      2014 vs. 2013 
          
      2013 vs. 2012 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
 
 
      Service revenues  
          
          
          
        $ 
       958,413 
         
          
        $ 
       849,667 
         
          
        $ 
       757,272 
         
          
        $ 
       108,746 
         
          
           
      12.8 
      %   
          
        $ 
       92,395 
         
          
           
      12.2 
      %   
 
 
      Vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      205,076 
         
          
           
      196,719 
         
          
           
      166,919 
         
          
           
      8,357 
         
          
           
      4.2 
      %   
          
           
      29,800 
         
          
           
      17.9 
      %   
 
 
      Total service revenues and vehicle sales  
          
          
          
        $ 
       1,163,489 
         
          
        $ 
       1,046,386 
         
          
        $ 
       924,191 
         
          
        $ 
       117,103 
         
          
           
      11.2 
      %   
          
        $ 
       122,195 
         
          
           
      13.2 
      %   
 
  
 Service Revenues.  The increase
in service revenues for fiscal 2014 of $108.7 million, or 12.8% as compared to fiscal 2013 came from (i) growth in North America of $76.7 million; (ii)
growth in the U.K. of $23.7 million, driven by increased volume from our vehicle suppliers; and, (iii) our international expansion during the prior
fiscal year into Germany, Spain, the U.A.E., and Brazil, which represented $8.3 million. Excluding the increase in revenues in fiscal 2013 associated
with Hurricane Sandy of $31.2 million, North America service revenue grew by $107.9 million, or 14.7%. The growth in North America was driven primarily
by increased volume as revenue per car remained relatively flat. The increase in volume came from the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc., which closed
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, and increases from existing suppliers as we believe there has been an increase in the overall growth in the
salvage market driven by increased salvage frequency. 
 
 37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The increase in service revenues for
fiscal 2013 of $92.4 million, or 12.2% as compared to fiscal 2012 came from growth from (i) our international expansion during the year into Germany,
Spain, the U.A.E., and Brazil, which represented $10.1 million; (ii) the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc. which closed on May 30, 2013 and
represented $8.0 million; (iii) growth in the U.K. of $2.9 million driven by increased revenue per car; and, (iv) growth in North America of $71.4
million. The growth in North America was driven primarily by increased volume as revenue per car remained relatively flat. The increase in volume came
from (i) Hurricane Sandy, as the major storm produced an extraordinary volume of flood damaged vehicles; (ii) increased volumes from the full year
impact of an exclusive provider contract entered into with a major insurance company at the end of fiscal 2012; and, (iii) what we believe to be a
general increase in the overall salvage market as we believe there has been an increase in salvage frequency. 
 Vehicle Sales.  The increase in
vehicle sales for fiscal 2014 of $8.4 million, or 4.2% as compared to fiscal 2013 primarily came from (i) our international expansion during the prior
fiscal year into Germany, Spain, the U.A.E. and Brazil, which represented $4.8 million; (ii) growth in the U.K. of $2.3 million, driven primarily by
increased open market purchase activity from the general public; and (iii) growth in North America of $1.3 million, driven primarily by the acquisition
of Salvage Parent, Inc. 
 The increase in vehicle sales for
fiscal 2013 of $29.8 million, or 17.9% as compared to fiscal 2012 resulted from (i) our international expansion during the year into Germany, Spain,
the U.A.E. and Brazil which represented $1.1 million; (ii) the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc. which represented $3.2 million; (iii) growth in the
U.K. of $13.6 million driven primarily by increased volume from insurance sellers and increased open market purchase activity from the general public;
and (iv) growth in the North America of $11.9 million driven primarily by increased open market purchase activity. 
 The following table summarizes
operating expenses, total other expenses and income taxes for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
      2014 vs. 2013 
          
      2013 vs. 2012 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
 
 
      Operating expenses: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Yard operations  
          
          
          
        $ 
       520,423 
         
          
        $ 
       458,228 
         
          
        $ 
       377,604 
         
          
        $ 
       62,195 
         
          
           
      13.6 
      %   
          
        $ 
       80,624 
         
          
           
      21.4 
      %   
 
 
      Cost of vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      174,493 
         
          
           
      167,236 
         
          
           
      136,971 
         
          
           
      7,257 
         
          
           
      4.3 
      %   
          
           
      30,265 
         
          
           
      22.1 
      %   
 
 
      General and administrative  
          
          
          
           
      164,535 
         
          
           
      137,930 
         
          
           
      114,492 
         
          
           
      26,605 
         
          
           
      19.3 
      %   
          
           
      23,438 
         
          
           
      20.5 
      %   
 
 
      Impairment of long-lived assets  
          
          
          
           
      29,104 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      8,771 
         
          
           
      29,104 
         
          
           
      100.0 
      %   
          
           
      (8,771 
      )   
          
           
      –100.0 
      %   
 
 
      Total operating expenses  
          
          
          
        $ 
       888,555 
         
          
        $ 
       763,394 
         
          
        $ 
       637,838 
         
          
        $ 
       125,161 
         
          
           
      16.4 
      %   
          
        $ 
       125,556 
         
          
           
      19.7 
      %   
 
   
 
      Total other expenses  
          
          
          
        $ 
       (4,899 
      )   
          
        $ 
       (6,120 
      )   
          
        $ 
       (8,297 
      )   
          
        $ 
       1,221 
         
          
           
      –20.0 
      %   
          
        $ 
       2,177 
         
          
           
      –26.2 
      %   
 
 
      Income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      91,348 
         
          
           
      96,847 
         
          
           
      95,937 
         
          
           
      (5,499 
      )   
          
           
      –5.7 
      %   
          
           
      910 
          
          
           
      0.9 
      %   
 
  
 Yard Operations Expense.  The
increase in yard operations expense for fiscal 2014 of $62.2 million, or 13.6% as compared to fiscal 2013 primarily came from (i) growth in North
America, driven by the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc., which closed in the fourth quarter of the fiscal 2013, increased volume from what we
believe to be an increase in the overall size of the salvage market due to increased salvage frequency, and increases in volume from non-insurance
suppliers; (ii) growth in the U.K., driven by increased volumes from our new and existing suppliers; and (iii) growth in our international activity
outside of the U.K. as these operations are in their developmental stages, without the benefit of scale. Included in our yard operations expense in
fiscal 2013 was $25.7 million of abnormal costs associated with Hurricane Sandy. Excluding those costs, the average handling cost per car increased,
driven primarily by growth in normal subhaul, labor, equipment and titling costs, as well as charges associated with severance and lease termination
costs of $2.9 million, primarily associated with the integration of the Salvage Parent, Inc. acquisition. 
 Included in yard operations cost was
depreciation and amortization expenses, which were $36.2 million, $40.8 million, and $33.0 million for fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively. The
decrease in yard operation depreciation and amortization expense in fiscal 2014 was due primarily to our data center assets being
fully 
 
 38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 depreciated. The increase in yard
operation depreciation and amortization expense in fiscal 2013 was due primarily to accelerated depreciation from the shorter useful lives of our data
center assets. 
 The increase in yard operations expense
for fiscal 2013 of $80.6 million, or 21.4% as compared to fiscal 2012, was due to the growth from (i) our international expansion during the year into
Germany, Spain, the U.A.E., and Brazil which represented $5.4 million; (ii) the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc. which represented $6.4 million;
(iii) growth in the U.K. of $1.6 million driven by increased volume associated with general salvage market growth; and (iv) growth in North America of
$59.5 million. The growth in North America was driven by increases in both the costs to process each car and in volume which were $31.7 million and
$27.8 million, respectively. The increase in volume came from (i) Hurricane Sandy, as the major storm produced an extraordinary volume of flood damaged
vehicles; (ii) increased volumes from the full year impact of an exclusive provider contract entered into with a major insurance company at the end of
fiscal 2012; and, (iii) what we believe to be a general increase the in overall salvage market as we believe there has been an increase in salvage
frequency, which is the percentage of cars involved in accidents that the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. The increase in the cost to
process each car was driven primarily by the abnormal costs for temporary storage facilities, premiums for subhaulers, labor costs incurred from
overtime, travel and lodging, and equipment associated with Hurricane Sandy. There was also an increase in the normal cost to process each car driven
by growth in normal subhaul, labor, equipment and titling costs. 
 Cost of Vehicle Sales . The
increase in cost of vehicle sales for fiscal 2014 of $7.3 million, or 4.3% as compared to fiscal 2013 came from (i) our international expansion during
the prior fiscal year, which represented $4.8 million; (ii) growth in the U.K. of $2.1 million, driven primarily by increased open market purchase
activity from the general public; and (iii) growth in North America of $0.3 million driven primarily by the acquisition of Salvage Parent,
Inc. 
 The increase in cost of vehicle sales
for fiscal 2013 of $30.3 million, or 22.1% as compared to fiscal 2012 came from (i) our international expansion during the year into Germany, Spain,
the U.A.E. and Brazil which represented $1.1 million; (ii) the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc. which represented $2.9 million; and (iii) growth in
the U.K. and North America of $26.2 million and driven primarily by increased volume from insurance sellers in the U.K. and increased open market
purchase activity from the general public in both the U.K. and North America. 
 General and Administrative
Expenses.  The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2014 of $26.6 million, or 19.3% as compared to fiscal 2013 increased
primarily from (i) our international expansion during the prior fiscal year into Germany, Spain, the U.A.E., and Brazil representing $3.7 million; and,
(ii) growth in North America of $19.6 million, driven primarily by the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc., which closed in the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2013, increased expenditures on technology development, and the overall growth in labor costs, professional services and facilities costs
associated with domestic and international expansion. Included in fiscal 2014 was $7.5 million in lease termination, severance and relocation costs
associated with the integration of the Salvage Parent, Inc. acquisition and the relocation of our technology department from California to our Dallas,
Texas corporate headquarters. 
 Included in general and administrative
costs were depreciation and amortization expenses which were $17.5 million, $16.0 million, and $15.1 million for fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012,
respectively. 
 The increase in general and
administrative expenses for fiscal 2013 of $23.4 million, or 20.5% as compared to fiscal 2012 is a result of growth from (i) our international
expansion during the year into Germany, Spain, the U.A.E. and Brazil representing $5.3 million; (ii) the acquisition of Salvage Parent, Inc. which
closed on May 30, 2013 and represents $2.8 million; (iii) relocation costs of $1.7 million; and (iv) growth in North America of $12.8 million. The
growth in North America was driven primarily by increased costs associated with new product development, the configuration of a new worldwide ERP
operating platform and the transition costs associated with the outsourcing of our IT infrastructure and support which totaled $10.8 million; as well
as an overall growth in labor costs, professional services and facilities costs associated with domestic and international expansion. 
 
 39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Impairment.  During fiscal 2014,
we terminated a contract with KPIT (formerly known as Sparta Consulting, Inc.), whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based
replacement for our existing business operating software that, among other things, would address our international expansion needs. Following a review
of KPIT’s work performed to date, and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk, and other factors, we ceased development of
KPIT’s software and are now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. As a result, we recognized a charge of $29.1
million resulting primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. 
 Other (Expense) Income.  The
decrease in total other expense for fiscal 2014 of $1.2 million, or 20.0% as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in interest
expense as a result of principal payments on long-term debt. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 8 — Long-Term
Debt . 
 The decrease in total other expense for
fiscal 2013 of $2.2 million, or 26.2% as compared to fiscal 2012 was primarily due to a decrease in interest expense as a result of principal payments
on long-term debt, partially offset by a gain on sale of assets. 
 Income Taxes.  Our effective
income tax rates were 33.8%, 35.0%, and 34.5% for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The change in the overall tax rate was driven by
fluctuations in the U.S. tax laws and the geographical allocation of our taxable income. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table presents a
comparison of key components of our liquidity and capital resources for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
      2014 vs. 2013 
          
      2013 vs. 2012 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
 
 
      Cash and cash equivalents  
          
          
          
        $ 
       158,668 
         
          
        $ 
       63,631 
         
          
        $ 
       140,112 
         
          
        $ 
       95,037 
         
          
           
      149.4 
      %   
          
        $ 
       (76,481 
      )   
          
           
      –54.6 
      %   
 
 
      Working capital  
          
          
          
           
      168,007 
         
          
           
      67,893 
         
          
           
      134,908 
         
          
           
      100,114 
         
          
           
      147.5 
      %   
          
           
      (67,015 
      )   
          
           
      –49.7 
      %   
 
  
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
      2014 vs. 2013 
          
      2013 vs. 2012 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
          
      Change 
          
      % Change 
 
 
      Operating cash flows  
          
          
          
        $ 
       262,594 
         
          
        $ 
       199,326 
         
          
        $ 
       229,673 
         
          
        $ 
       63,268 
         
          
           
      31.7 
      %   
          
        $ 
       (30,347 
      )   
          
           
      –13.2 
      %   
 
 
      Investing cash flows  
          
          
          
           
      (92,103 
      )   
          
           
      (208,021 
      )   
          
           
      (48,087 
      )   
          
           
      115,918 
         
          
           
      –55.7 
      %   
          
           
      (159,934 
      )   
          
           
      332.6 
      %   
 
 
      Financing cash flows  
          
          
          
           
      (76,823 
      )   
          
           
      (65,891 
      )   
          
           
      (114,873 
      )   
          
           
      (10,932 
      )   
          
           
      16.6 
      %   
          
           
      48,982 
         
          
           
      –42.6 
      %   
 
   
 
      Capital expenditures, including acquisitions  
          
          
          
        $ 
       (95,810 
      )   
          
        $ 
       (214,287 
      )   
          
        $ 
       (57,396 
      )   
          
        $ 
       118,477 
         
          
           
      –55.3 
      %   
          
        $ 
       (156,891 
      )   
          
           
      273.3 
      %   
 
 
      Payments on long-term debt  
          
          
          
           
      (75,000 
      )   
          
           
      (96,660 
      )   
          
           
      (56,250 
      )   
          
           
      21,660 
         
          
           
      –22.4 
      %   
          
           
      (40,410 
      )   
          
           
      71.8 
      %   
 
 
      Acquisitions  
          
          
          
           
      (14,300 
      )   
          
           
      (84,022 
      )   
          
           
      (2,564 
      )   
          
           
      69,722 
         
          
           
      –83.0 
      %   
          
           
      (81,458 
      )   
          
           
      3,177.0 
      %   
 
  
 Working capital and
cash and cash equivalents increased for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to cash generated from operations, partially offset by
decreases in capital expenditures, payments on long-term debt and cash used in acquisitions. Cash equivalents consisted of bank deposits and funds
invested in money market accounts, which bear interest at variable rates. Cash and cash equivalents decreased for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal
2012 due to increases of capital expenditures and acquisitions as well as payments on long-term debt, partially offset by a reduction in share
repurchase activity, proceeds from stock option exercises and increased accounts payable balances. 
 Historically, we have financed our
growth through cash generated from operations, public offerings of common stock, equity issued in conjunction with certain acquisitions and debt
financing. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of sellers’ fees, members’ fees and reimbursable
advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of
accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. During the winter
months, most of our facilities process 
 
 40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10% to 30% more vehicles than at
other times of the year. This increased volume requires the increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional
business. 
 We believe that our currently available
cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least
the next 12 months. However, if we experience significant growth in the future, we may be required to raise additional cash through the issuance of new
debt or additional equity. Although the timing and magnitude of growth through expansion and acquisitions are not predictable, the opening of new
greenfield yards is contingent upon our ability to locate property that (i) is in an area in which we have a need for more capacity; (ii) has adequate
size given the capacity needs; (iii) has the appropriate shape and topography for our operations; (iv) is reasonably close to a major road or highway;
and (v) most importantly, has the appropriate zoning for our business. Costs to develop a new yard generally range from $1.0 to $13.0 million,
depending on size, location and developmental infrastructure requirements. 
 As of July 31, 2014, $57.0 million of
the $158.7 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we
would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. However, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the
U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. 
 Net cash provided by operating
activities increased for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 due to improved cash operating results from an increase in revenue and changes in
operating assets and liabilities. The change in operating assets and liabilities was related to the lower growth in accounts receivables of $18.3
million, primarily due to the prior year effect of Hurricane Sandy; a decrease in prepaid and other assets of $11.3 million; offset by an increase in
accounts payable of $9.3 million. 
 Net cash provided by operating
activities decreased during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 primarily due to increases in prepaid and other assets of $28.8 million, accounts
receivable of $15.2 million, and income taxes receivable of $7.8 million, partially offset by increases in accounts payable of $18.6 million. The
remaining decrease of $2.8 million was due to the timing of routine changes in working capital items. 
 Net cash used in investing activities
decreased for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 due primarily to significant land acquisitions during fiscal 2013, related to our first facilities
in Brazil and Germany, and a decrease in cash used for acquisitions. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain
facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing
facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. We have no material non-cancelable commitments for future capital expenditures as of
July 31, 2014. Included in capital expenditures for fiscal 2014 were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major
software enhancements to existing software. The capitalized costs were $16.5 million, $19.3 million and $8.2 million for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. If, at any time it is determined that capitalized software provides a reduced economic benefit, the unamortized portion of the
capitalized development costs will be impaired. During fiscal 2014, we recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from the impairment of
costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
 Capitalized Software Costs  in  Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Net cash used in investing activities
increased for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 due primarily to increases in capital expenditures, including significant land acquisitions
related to our first facilities in Brazil and Germany, lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and
acquiring yard equipment. Acquisition related capital expenditures for fiscal 2013 were $84.0 million primarily for the acquisition of Salvage Parent,
Inc. and acquisitions for international expansion. 
 Net cash used in financing activities
increased for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, predominantly due to a $16.3 million change in bank overdraft, decreased proceeds of $11.0
million from the exercise of stock options, a $14.4 million decrease in common stock repurchases and a $3.8 million reduction in tax 
 
 41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 benefits from stock-based payment
compensation, partially offset by a $21.7 million decrease in payments on long-term debt. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 10
— Stockholders’ Equity . 
 On September 22, 2011, our Board of
Directors approved a 40 million share increase in the stock repurchase program that was originally implemented in 2003, bringing the total current
authorization to 98 million shares. The repurchases may be effected through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions. No time limit has been placed on the duration of the stock repurchase program. Subject to applicable securities laws, such
repurchases will be made at such times and in such amounts as we deem appropriate and may be discontinued at any time. For fiscal 2014, we did not
repurchase any shares of our common stock. For fiscal 2013, we repurchased 500,000 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of $27.77.
For fiscal 2012, we repurchased 8,880,708 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of $22.51. As of July 31, 2014, the total number of
shares repurchased under the program was 50,286,782 and 47,713,218 shares were available for repurchase under our program. 
 Net cash used in financing activities
decreased for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 due to a $188.3 million decrease in common stock repurchases, a $16.3 million change in bank
overdraft and increased proceeds of $7.8 million from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by a $125.0 million decrease in proceeds from the
issuance of long-term debt and a $40.4 million increase in payments on long-term debt. 
 In the first, second and third quarters
of fiscal 2012 and the second quarter of fiscal 2013, certain executives exercised stock options through cashless exercises. In the first quarter of
fiscal 2014, certain employees exercised stock options through cashless exercises. A portion of the options exercised were net settled in satisfaction
of the exercise price and federal and state minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. We remitted $0.1 million, $0.6 million, and $2.6 million in
fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to the proper taxing authorities in satisfaction of the employees’ minimum statutory withholding
requirements. 
 The exercised stock options are
summarized in the following table: 
 
 
 
      Period 
        
        
          
      Options  Exercised 
          
      Exercise  Price 
          
      Shares Net  Settled for  Exercise 
          
      Shares  Withheld  for Taxes(1) 
          
      Net  Shares to  Employee 
          
      Share  Price for  Withholding 
          
      Tax  Withholding  (in 000s) 
 
 
      FY 2012—Q1  
          
          
          
           
      40,000 
         
          
        $ 
       9.00 
         
          
           
      16,082 
         
          
           
      8,974 
         
          
           
      14,944 
         
          
        $ 
       22.39 
         
          
        $ 
       201 
          
 
 
      FY 2012—Q2  
          
          
          
           
      20,000 
         
          
           
      9.00 
         
          
           
      7,506 
         
          
           
      4,584 
         
          
           
      7,910 
         
          
           
      23.98 
         
          
           
      110 
          
 
 
      FY 2012—Q3  
          
          
          
           
      322,520 
         
          
           
      10.74 
         
          
           
      131,299 
         
          
           
      85,683 
         
          
           
      105,538 
         
          
           
      26.38 
         
          
           
      2,260 
         
 
 
      FY 2013—Q2  
          
          
          
           
      73,228 
         
          
           
      8.89 
         
          
           
      18,127 
         
          
           
      17,461 
         
          
           
      37,640 
         
          
           
      35.91 
         
          
           
      627 
          
 
 
      FY 2014—Q1  
          
          
          
           
      14,000 
         
          
           
      16.43 
         
          
           
      7,241 
         
          
           
      2,519 
         
          
           
      4,240 
         
          
           
      31.77 
         
          
           
      80 
          
 
  
 
 
 
      (1) 
        
      Shares withheld for taxes are treated as a repurchase of shares
for accounting purposes but do not count against the Company’s stock repurchase program. 
 
 
 
 
 42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contractual
Obligations 
 We lease certain domestic and foreign
facilities, and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. In addition to the minimum future lease commitments presented, the leases
generally require us to pay property taxes, insurance, maintenance and repair costs which are not included in the table because we have determined
these items are not material. The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of July 31,
2014: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Payments due by Fiscal Year 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      Less than  1 year 
          
      1–3 Years 
          
      3–5 Years 
          
      More than  5 Years 
          
      Other 
          
      Total 
 
 
      Contractual Obligations 
        
        
          
      
          
      
          
      
          
      
          
      
          
      
 
 
      Long-term debt including current portion  
          
          
          
        $ 
       75,000 
         
          
        $ 
       218,750 
         
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
       293,750 
         
 
 
      Interest payments on long-term debt including current portion  
          
          
          
           
      5,881 
         
          
           
      1,589 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      7,470 
         
 
 
      Operating leases (1)  
          
          
          
           
      23,357 
         
          
           
      39,052 
         
          
           
      28,736 
         
          
           
      76,189 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      167,334 
         
 
 
      Capital leases (1)  
          
          
          
           
      1,407 
         
          
           
      1,350 
         
          
           
      2 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      2,759 
         
 
 
      Tax liabilities (2)  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      23,771 
         
          
           
      23,771 
         
 
 
      Total contractual obligations  
          
          
          
        $ 
       105,645 
         
          
        $ 
       260,741 
         
          
        $ 
       28,738 
         
          
        $ 
       76,189 
         
          
        $ 
       23,771 
         
          
        $ 
       495,084 
         
 
  
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period 
          
 
 
      Commercial Commitments(3) 
        
        
          
      Less than  1 year 
          
      1–3 Years 
          
      3–5 Years 
          
      More than  5 Years 
          
      Other 
          
      Total 
 
 
      Letters of Credit  
          
          
          
        $ 
       17,379 
         
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
       17,379 
         
 
  
 
 
 
      (1) 
        
      Contractual obligations consist of future non-cancelable minimum
lease payments under capital and operating leases, used in the normal course of business. 
 
 
 
 
 
      (2) 
        
      Tax liabilities include the long-term liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheet for unrecognized tax positions. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments
in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcome. 
 
 
 
 
 
      (3) 
        
      Commercial commitments consist primarily of letters of credit
provided for insurance programs and certain business transactions. 
 
 
 
 Credit
Facility 
 On December 14, 2010, we entered into
an Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement (Credit Facility), which superseded our previously disclosed credit agreement with Bank of America,
N.A. (Bank of America). The Credit Facility is an unsecured credit agreement providing for (i) a $100.0 million revolving credit facility, including a
$100.0 million alternative currency borrowing sublimit and a $50.0 million letter of credit sublimit (Revolving Credit) and (ii) a term loan facility
of $400.0 million (Term Loan). On January 14, 2011, the full $400.0 million provided under the Term Loan was borrowed. On September 29, 2011, we
amended the Credit Facility increasing the amount of the Term Loan from $400.0 million to $500.0 million. On March 1, 2013, we amended the Credit
Facility to increase the net leverage ratio at which restrictive spending covenants are introduced from 1:1 to 1.5:1. 
 The Term Loan, which at July 31, 2014
had $293.8 million outstanding, amortizes $18.8 million each quarter beginning December 31, 2011, with all outstanding borrowings due on December 14,
2015. All amounts borrowed under the Term Loan may be prepaid without premium or penalty. During fiscal 2014, we made principal repayments of $75.0
million. We currently have $0.7 million of deferred financing costs in other assets as of July 31, 2014. 
 
 43 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Amounts borrowed under the Credit
Facility bear interest, subject to certain restrictions, at a fluctuating rate based on (i) the Eurocurrency Rate; (ii) the Federal Funds Rate; or
(iii) the Prime Rate as described in the Credit Facility. We have entered into two interest rate swaps to exchange our variable interest rate payments
commitment for fixed interest rate payments on the Term Loan balance. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 9 — Derivatives and
Hedging.  A default interest rate applies on all obligations during an event of default under the credit facility at a rate per annum equal to 2.0%
above the otherwise applicable interest rate. Our interest rate as of July 31, 2014 was the 0.15% Eurocurrency Rate plus the 1.5% Applicable Rate. The
Applicable Rate can fluctuate between 1.5% and 2.0% depending on our consolidated net leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Facility. The Credit
Facility is guaranteed by our material domestic subsidiaries. The carrying amount of the Credit Facility is comprised of borrowings under which
interest accrues under a fluctuating interest rate structure. Accordingly, the carrying value approximates fair value as of July 31, 2014, and was
classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Amounts borrowed under the Revolving
Credit may be repaid and reborrowed until the maturity date of December 14, 2015. The Credit Facility requires us to pay a commitment fee on the unused
portion of the Revolving Credit. The commitment fee ranges from 0.075% to 0.125% per annum depending on our leverage ratio. We had no outstanding
borrowings under the Revolving Credit at July 31, 2014. 
 The Credit Facility contains customary
representations and warranties and may place certain business operating restrictions on us relating to, among other things, indebtedness, liens and
other encumbrances, investments, mergers and acquisitions, asset sales, dividends and distributions and redemptions of capital stock. In addition, the
Credit Facility provides for the following financial covenants: (i) earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA); (ii)
leverage ratio; (iii) interest coverage ratio; and (iv) limitations on capital expenditures. The Credit Facility contains events of default that
include, among others, non-payment of principal, interest or fees, violation of covenants, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross-defaults
to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, material judgments, invalidity of the loan documents and events constituting a
change of control. We were in compliance with all covenants as of July 31, 2014. 
 Restructuring 
 We relocated our corporate headquarters
to Dallas, Texas in 2012. The restructuring costs were as follows: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      General and administrative 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Severance  
          
          
          
        $ 
       4,598 
         
          
        $ 
       978 
          
          
        $ 
       1,675 
         
 
 
      Relocation  
          
          
          
           
      491 
          
          
           
      759 
          
          
           
      534 
          
 
 
      Total general and administrative  
          
          
          
        $ 
       5,089 
         
          
        $ 
       1,737 
         
          
        $ 
       2,209 
         
 
 
      Yard operations 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Relocation  
          
          
          
        $ 
       (28 
      )   
          
        $ 
       189 
          
          
        $ 
       745 
          
 
 
      Impairment  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,123 
         
 
 
      Total yard operations  
          
          
          
        $ 
       (28 
      )   
          
        $ 
       189 
          
          
        $ 
       1,868 
         
 
  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of July 31, 2014, we had no
off-balance sheet arrangements pursuant to Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 
 
 44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including costs related to vehicle
pooling, self-insured reserves, allowance for doubtful accounts, income taxes, revenue recognition, stock-based payment compensation, purchase price
allocations, long-lived asset impairment calculations and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. 
 Management has discussed the selection
of critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosure
relating to critical accounting policies and estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our significant accounting policies are described in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 1 — Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . The following
is a summary of the more significant judgments and estimates included in our critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. We discuss, where appropriate, sensitivity to change based on other outcomes reasonably likely to occur. 
 The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes in Part I., Item I., “Financial
Statements.” 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We provide a portfolio of services to
our sellers and buyers that facilitate the sale and delivery of a vehicle from seller to buyer. These services include the ability to use our Internet
sales technology and vehicle delivery, loading, title processing, preparation and storage. We evaluate multiple-element arrangements relative to our
member and seller agreements. 
 The services we provide to the seller
of a vehicle involve disposing of a vehicle on the seller’s behalf and, under most of our current North American contracts, collecting the
proceeds from the member. Pre-sale services, including towing, title processing, preparation and storage, as well as sale fees and other enhancement
service fees meet the criteria for separate units of accounting. The revenue associated with each service is recognized upon completion of the
respective service, net of applicable rebates or allowances. For certain sellers who are charged a proportionate fee based on high bid of the vehicle,
the revenue associated with the pre-sale services is recognized upon completion of the sale when the total arrangement is fixed and determinable. The
selling price of each service is determined based on management’s best estimate and is allotted based on the relative selling price
method. 
 Vehicle sales, where vehicles are
purchased and remarketed on our own behalf, are recognized on the sale date, which is typically the point of high bid acceptance. Upon high bid
acceptance, a legal binding contract is formed with the member, and we record the gross sales price as revenue. 
 We also provide a number of services to
the buyer of the vehicle, charging a separate fee for each service. Each of these services has been assessed to determine whether we have met the
requirements to separate them into units of accounting within a multiple-element arrangement. We have concluded that the sale and the post-sale
services are separate units of accounting. 
 The fees for sale services are
recognized upon completion of the sale. The fees for the post-sale services are recognized upon successful completion of those services using the
relative selling price method. 
 We also charge members an annual
registration fee for the right to participate in our vehicle sales program, which is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement, and relist
and late-payment fees, 
 
 45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 which are recognized upon receipt
of payment by the member. No provision for returns has been established, as all sales are final with no right of return, although we provide for bad
debt expense in the case of non-performance by our members or sellers. 
 We allocate arrangement consideration
based on the relative estimated selling prices of the separate units of accounting containing multiple deliverables. Estimated selling prices are
determined using management’s best estimate. Significant inputs in our estimates of the selling price of separate units of accounting include
market and pricing trends, pricing customization and practices, and profit objectives for the services. 
 We allocate arrangement consideration
based on the relative estimated selling prices of the separate units of accounting containing multiple deliverables. Estimated selling prices are
determined using management’s best estimate. Significant inputs in our estimates of the selling price of separate units of accounting include
market and pricing trends, pricing customization and practices, and profit objectives for the services. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 We record our financial assets and
liabilities at fair value in accordance with the framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP. In accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures , as amended by Accounting Standards Update 2011-04, we consider fair value as an exit price, representing the amount
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants under current market
conditions. This framework establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value: 
 
 
 
      Level I 
          
          
          
      Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active
markets. 
 
 
      Level II 
          
          
          
      Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly. Interest rate hedges are valued at exit prices obtained from the counter-party. 
 
 
      Level III 
          
          
          
      Inputs that are generally unobservable. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in
management’s best estimate. 
 
  
 The amounts recorded for financial
instruments in our consolidated financial statements, which included cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate
their fair values for fiscal 2014 and 2013, due to the short-term nature of those instruments, and are classified within Level II of the fair value
hierarchy. Cash equivalents are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices of the
underlying investments. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 8 — Long-Term Debt  for additional fair value
disclosures. 
 Vehicle Pooling Costs 
 We defer in vehicle pooling costs
certain yard operation expenses associated with vehicles consigned to and received by us, but not sold as of the balance sheet date. We quantify the
deferred costs using a calculation that includes the number of vehicles at our facilities at the beginning and end of the period, the number of
vehicles sold during the period and an allocation of certain yard operation expenses of the period. The primary expenses allocated and deferred are
certain facility costs, labor, and vehicle processing. If our allocation factors change, then yard operation expenses could increase or decrease
correspondingly in the future. These costs are expensed as vehicles are sold in subsequent periods on an average cost basis. Given the fixed cost
nature of our business, there is not a direct correlation for an increase in expenses or units processed on vehicle pooling costs. 
 We apply the provisions of accounting
guidance for subsequent measurement of inventory to our vehicle pooling costs. The provision requires that items such as idle facility expense, double
freight and rehandling costs be recognized as current period charges, regardless of whether they meet the criteria of “abnormal”
as 
 
 46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 provided in the guidance. In
addition, the guidance requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to the costs of conversion be based on the normal capacity of
production facilities. 
 In early November 2012, Hurricane Sandy
hit the northeastern coast of the United States. As a result of the extensive flooding that it caused, we expended additional costs for (i) temporary
storage facilities; (ii) premiums for subhaulers as they were reassigned from other regions; and (iii) labor costs incurred for overtime, travel and
lodging due to the reassignment of employees to the affected region. These costs, which are characterized as “abnormal” under ASC 330,
 Inventory , were expensed as incurred and not included in inventory. As of July 31, 2013, the incremental salvage vehicles received as a result
of Hurricane Sandy, were sold. 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 We have entered into two interest rate
swaps to eliminate interest rate risk on our variable rate Term Loan, and the swaps are designated as effective cash flow hedges under ASC 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging . See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 9 — Derivatives and Hedging . Each quarter, we measure
hedge effectiveness using the “hypothetical derivative method” and record in earnings any hedge ineffectiveness with the effective portion of
the hedges’ change in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income or loss. 
 Long-lived Asset Valuation, Including Intangible
Assets 
 We evaluate long-lived assets,
including property and equipment, and certain identifiable intangibles, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the use of the asset. If the estimated undiscounted cash flows change in the future, we may
be required to reduce the carrying amount of an asset. 
 Capitalized Software Costs 
 We capitalize system development costs
and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. Costs related to preliminary
project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its
estimated useful life, generally three years. Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. Total gross capitalized software as of July 31,
2014 and 2013 was $61.7 million and $74.3 million, respectively. Accumulated amortization expense related to software as of July 31, 2014 and 2013
totaled $38.6 million and $28.6 million, respectively. 
 During fiscal 2014, we terminated a
contract with KPIT (formerly known as Sparta Consulting, Inc.), whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP-based replacement for our
existing business operating software that, among other things, would address our international expansion needs. Following a review of KPIT’s work
performed to date, and an assessment of the cost to complete, deployment risk, and other factors, we ceased development of KPIT’s software and are
now pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in its place. As a result, we recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting primarily from
the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 We maintain an allowance for doubtful
accounts in order to provide for estimated losses resulting from disputed amounts billed to sellers or members and the inability of our sellers or
members to make required payments. If billing disputes exceed expectations and/or if the financial condition of our sellers or members were to
deteriorate, additional allowances may be required. The allowance is calculated by taking both seller and buyer accounts receivables written off during
the previous 12 month period as a percentage of the total 
 
 47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 accounts receivable balance. A one
percentage point adverse change to the write-off percentage would have resulted in an increase to the allowance for doubtful accounts balance of $1.7
million. 
 Valuation of Goodwill 
 We evaluate the impairment of goodwill
for our operating segments annually or on an interim basis if certain indicators are present by comparing the fair value of the operating segment to
its carrying value. Future adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of the operating segments could result in an inability to
recover the carrying value of the investment, thereby requiring impairment charges in the future. 
 Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets 
 We account for income tax exposures as
required under ASC 740,  Income Taxes . We are subject to income taxes in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, Spain and Germany. In arriving at a
provision of income taxes, we first calculate taxes payable in accordance with the prevailing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Then
we analyze the timing differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of our assets and liabilities, such as various accruals, depreciation
and amortization. The tax effects of the timing difference are presented as deferred tax assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We
assess the probability that the deferred tax assets will be realized based on our ability to generate future taxable income. In the event that it is
more likely than not, the full benefit would not be realized from deferred tax assets, we record a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of
the deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of July 31, 2014, we have $2.2 million of valuation allowance arising from both our
U.S. and foreign operations. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance or change the amount of valuation allowance in a period, we reflect the
change with a corresponding increase or decrease in our income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Historically, our income tax provision
has been sufficient to cover our actual income tax liabilities among the jurisdictions in which we operate. Nonetheless, our future effective tax rate
could still be adversely affected by several factors, including (i) the geographical allocation of our future earnings; (ii) the change in tax laws or
our interpretation of tax laws; (iii) the changes in governing regulations and accounting principles; (iv) the changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities; and (v) the outcome of the income tax examinations. We routinely assess the possibilities of material changes resulting
from the aforementioned factors to determine the adequacy of our income tax provision. 
 Based on our results for the twelve
months ended July 31, 2014, a one percentage adverse change in our provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before taxes would have
resulted in an increase in the income tax expense of $2.7 million. 
 We apply the provision of ASC 740,
 Income Taxes,  which contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax
position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the
largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 Although we believe we have adequately
reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these
reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the
final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in
which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes, including the impact of reserve provisions and changes to the reserves that are
considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest settlement of any particular position, could require the use of cash. In addition, we are
subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by various taxing 
 
 48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 authorities, including the Internal
Revenue Service and U.S. states. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of
our provision for income taxes. 
 Stock-based Payment Compensation 
 We account for our stock-based awards
to employees and non-employees using the fair value method. Compensation cost related to stock-based payment transactions are recognized based on the
fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Determining the fair value of options using the Black-Scholes Merton option pricing model, or
other currently accepted option valuation models, requires highly subjective assumptions, including future stock price volatility and expected time
until exercise, which greatly affect the calculated fair value on the measurement date. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and
judgments used in estimating the key assumptions, we may be required to record additional compensation or income tax expense, which could have a
material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 Retained Insurance Liabilities 
 We are partially self-insured for
certain losses related to medical, general liability, workers’ compensation and auto liability. Our insurance policies are subject to a $250,000
deductible per claim, with the exception of our medical policy which has a $225,000 stop loss per claim and a stop loss limiting total exposure to 120%
of expected claims. In addition, each of our policies contains an aggregate stop loss to limit our ultimate exposure. Our liability represents an
estimate of the ultimate cost of claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. The estimated liability is not discounted and is established based upon
analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. The primary estimates used in the actuarial analysis include total payroll and revenue.
Historically, our estimates have not materially fluctuated from actual results. While we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the
information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity of claims and medical cost inflation, differ from our estimates, our
consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be impacted. The process of determining our insurance reserves requires
estimates with various assumptions, each of which can positively or negatively impact those balances. The total amount reserved for all policies is
$5.7 million as of July 31, 2014. If the total number of participants in the medical plan changed by 10%, we estimate that our annual medical expense
would change by $1.5 million and our accrual for medical expenses would change by $0.4 million. If our total payroll changed by 10%, we estimate that
our annual workers’ compensation expense and our accrual for workers’ compensation expenses would change by less than $0.2 million. A 10%
change in revenue would change our insurance premium for the general liability and umbrella policy by an insignificant amount. 
 Accounting for Acquisitions 
 We recognize and measure identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquired entities in accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combinations . The accounting for acquisitions
involves significant judgments and estimates, including the fair value of acquired intangible assets, which involve projections of future revenues,
cash flows and terminal value, which are then either discounted at an estimated discount rate or measured at an estimated royalty rate, and the fair
value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including potential contingencies and the useful lives of the assets. The projections are
developed using internal forecasts, available industry and market data and estimates of long-term growth rates of our business. Historical experience
is additionally utilized, in which historical or current costs have approximated fair value for certain assets acquired. 
 Segment Reporting 
 Our North American and U.K. regions are
considered two separate operating segments, which have been aggregated into one reportable segment because they share similar economic
characteristics. 
 
 49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 For a description of the new accounting
standards that affect us, refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements —  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies. 
 
 
      Item 7A. 
        
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 
 
 
 
 Our principal exposures to financial
market risk are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and translation risk. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading
purposes. 
 Interest Income Risk 
 The primary objective of our investment
activities is to preserve principal while secondarily maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective in the current
uncertain global financial markets, all cash and cash equivalents were held in bank deposits and money market funds as of July 31, 2014. As the
interest rates on a material portion of our cash and cash equivalents are variable, a change in interest rates earned on our investment portfolio would
impact interest income along with cash flows but would not materially impact the fair market value of the related underlying instruments. As of July
31, 2014, we held no direct investments in auction rate securities, collateralized debt obligations, structured investment vehicles or mortgaged-backed
securities. Based on the average cash balance held for fiscal 2014, a hypothetical 10% adverse change in our interest yield would not have materially
affected our operating results. 
 Interest Expense Risk 
 Our total borrowings under the Credit
Facility were $293.8 million as of July 31, 2014. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility bear interest, subject to certain restrictions, at a
fluctuating rate based on (i) the Eurocurrency Rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate or (iii) the Prime Rate as described in the Credit Facility. A default
interest rate applies on all obligations during an event of default under the Credit Facility at a rate per annum equal to 2.0% above the otherwise
applicable interest rate. If interest rates were to increase by 10%, our interest expense would increase but by an insignificant amount due to the
fixed interest rate swaps. We have entered into two interest rate swaps to exchange our variable interest rate payments commitment for fixed interest
rate payments on the Term Loan balance to mitigate the interest expense risk. 
 Foreign Currency and Translation Exposure 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies
create volatility in our reported results of operations because we are required to consolidate the results of operations of our foreign currency
denominated subsidiaries. International net revenues are typically denominated in the local currency of each country and result from transactions by
our operations in Canada, the U.K., the U.A.E., Brazil, Spain, and Germany. These operations also incur a majority of their expenses in the local
currency, the Canadian dollar, the British pound, the U.A.E. dirham, the Brazilian real, and the Euro. Our international operations are subject to
risks associated with foreign exchange rate volatility, which could have a material and adverse impact on our future results. A hypothetical 10%
adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar, British pound, U.A.E. dirham, Brazilian real and Euro would have
resulted in an increase to revenue of $26.3 million for fiscal 2014. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies also
create volatility in our consolidated financial position, because we are required to remeasure substantially all assets and liabilities held by our
foreign subsidiaries at the current exchange rate at the close of the accounting period. At July 31, 2014, the cumulative effect of foreign exchange
rate fluctuations on our consolidated financial position was a net translation loss of $19.0 million. This loss was recognized as an adjustment to
stockholders’ equity through accumulated other comprehensive income. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to
the Canadian dollar, 
 
 50 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 British pound, U.A.E. dirham,
Brazilian real and Euro would not have materially affected our consolidated financial position. 
 We do not hedge our exposure to
translation risks arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 
      Item 8. 
        
      Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 
 
 
 
 The response to this item is submitted
as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 15. See Part IV, Item 15(a) for an index to the consolidated financial statements and
supplementary financial information. 
 
 
      Item 9. 
        
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 
 
 None. 
 
 
      Item 9A. 
        
      Controls and Procedures 
 
 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 
 We conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act), or Disclosure Controls, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This evaluation, or Controls Evaluation, was
performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and our Chief Financial Officer
(CFO). Disclosure Controls are controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure Controls include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO
and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Disclosure Controls
include some, but not all, components of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Based upon the Controls Evaluation, our
CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Disclosure Controls were effective to
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 51 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Management assessed our internal
control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2014. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control
— Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework). Management’s
assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation,
accounting policies, and our overall control environment. This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed by our Finance
department. 
 Based on our assessment, management has
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. The certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer attached as Exhibits
31.1 and 31.2 to this report include, in paragraph 4 of such certifications, information concerning our disclosure controls and procedures and internal
controls over financial reporting. We reviewed the results of management’s assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of
Directors. 
 Our independent registered public
accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2014.
Ernst & Young LLP has issued an attestation report which appears on the following page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 52 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Copart, Inc. 
 We have audited Copart, Inc.’s
internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Copart, Inc.’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying “Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company’s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In our opinion, Copart, Inc.
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2014, based on the COSO
criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Copart, Inc. as of July 31,
2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended July 31, 2014 of Copart, Inc. and our report dated September 29, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon. 
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 Dallas, Texas  September 29, 2014 
 
 53 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Controls 
 Our management, including our CEO and
CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will
be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Copart have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of
controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our
internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 
      Item 9B. 
        
      Other Information 
 
 
 
 None. 
 
 54 
 
 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 PART III 
 Certain information required by Part
III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K because we intend to file a definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the Proxy Statement) not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and certain information to
be included therein is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 
      Item 10. 
        
      Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and
Corporate Governance 
 
 
 
 Information required by this item is
incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Proposal Number One Election of Directors,” “Corporate Governance and Board of
Directors” and “Related Person Transactions and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance” in our Proxy Statement. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted the Copart, Inc. Code
of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers (Code of Ethics). The Code of Ethics applies to our principal executive officer, our
principal financial officer, our principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions and responsibilities who shall be
identified by our Audit Committee from time to time. 
 The Code of Ethics is available at our
website, located at  http://www.copart.com . 
 We intend to satisfy disclosure
requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics by posting such information on
our website, at the address and location specified above, or as otherwise required by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 
 
      Item 11. 
        
      Executive Compensation 
 
 
 
 The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement (to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of our July 31,
2014 fiscal year end) under the heading “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation of Non-Employee Directors,” and “Corporate
Governance and Board of Directors.” 
 
 
      Item 12. 
        
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 
 
 The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement (to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of our July 31,
2014 fiscal year end) under the headings “Security Ownership” and “Execution Compensation,” subheading “Equity Compensation
Plan Information.” 
 
 
      Item 13. 
        
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 
 
 
 
 The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement (to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of our July 31,
2014 fiscal year end) under the heading “Related Person Transactions and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance,” “Corporate
Governance and Board of Directors,” and “Proposal Number One Election of Directors.” 
 
 
      Item 14. 
        
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 
 
 The information required by this item
is incorporated herein by reference from the section captioned “Proposal Four — Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm” in the Proxy Statement (to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of our July 31, 2014 fiscal year
end). 
 
 55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PART IV 
 
 
      Item 15. 
        
      Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 
 
 
 
 The following documents are filed as
part of this Form 10-K: 
 
 
      (a) 
        
      Financial statements: 
 
 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements
at July 31, 2014 and 2013 and for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2014 and the notes thereto, together with the report of the
independent registered public accounting firm on those consolidated financial statements are hereby filed as part of this annual report on Form
10-K. 
 
 
      (b) 
        
      Financial statement schedules: 
 
 
 
 No financial statement schedules are
presented since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the
information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 
 
      (c) 
        
      Exhibits: 
 
 
 
 Exhibits are filed as part of this
Report and are hereby incorporated by reference. Refer to Exhibit Index included herein. 
 
 56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 
 
 
 
        
          
          
          
      Registrant 
 
   
 
        
          
          
          
      C OPART,  I NC. 
 
   
 
        
          
          
          
      By: 
          
      /s/ A .  J AYSON  A DAIR 
 
 
        
          
          
          
        
          
      A. Jayson Adair  Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Director) 
 
  
 Date: September 29, 2014 
 
 
 
        
          
          
          
      C OPART,  I NC. 
 
   
 
        
          
          
          
      By: 
          
      /s/ W ILLIAM  E .  F RANKLIN 
 
 
        
          
          
          
        
          
      William E. Franklin, Executive Vice President,  United States and Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 
 
  
 Date: September 29, 2014 
 
 57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints A. Jayson Adair and William E. Franklin, and each of them, as his true and
lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 
 
 
 
      Signature 
      
      
         
      Capacity in Which Signed 
         
      Date 
 
 
      /s/ A .  J AYSON  A DAIR A. Jayson Adair 
          
          
          
      Chief Executive Officer (Principal  Executive Officer and Director) 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ W ILLIAM  E .  F RANKLIN William E.
Franklin 
          
          
          
      Executive Vice President, United States  and Chief Financial Officer (Principal  Financial and Accounting
Officer) 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
 
        
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
 
      /s/ W ILLIS  J .  J OHNSON Willis J. Johnson 
          
          
          
      Chairman of the Board 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ V INCENT  W .  M ITZ Vincent W. Mitz 
          
          
          
      President and Director 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ J AMES  E .  M EEKS James E. Meeks 
          
          
          
      Director 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ S TEVEN  D .  C OHAN Steven D. Cohan 
          
          
          
      Director 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ D ANIEL  E NGLANDER Daniel Englander 
          
          
          
      Director 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ T HOMAS  N .  T RYFOROS Thomas N. Tryforos 
          
          
          
      Director 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
   
 
      /s/ M ATT  B LUNT Matt Blunt 
          
          
          
      Director 
          
      September 29, 2014 
 
  
 
 58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copart, Inc.  Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements  and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 
      Consolidated Financial Statements 
        
        
          
      Page  Number 
 
 
      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
          
          
          
           
      60 
          
 
 
      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2014 and 2013  
          
          
          
           
      61 
          
 
 
      Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
          
          
          
           
      62 
          
 
 
      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
          
          
          
           
      63 
          
 
 
      Consolidated Statement of Stockholder’s Equity for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
          
          
          
           
      64 
          
 
 
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012  
          
          
          
           
      65 
          
 
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
          
          
          
           
      66 
          
 
  
 
 59 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Copart,
Inc. 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Copart, Inc. as of July 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Copart, Inc. at July 31, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Copart, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2014, based on
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992
Framework) and our report dated September 29, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 Dallas, Texas  September 29, 2014 
 
 60 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      ASSETS 
 
 
      Current assets: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Cash and cash equivalents  
          
          
          
        $ 
      158,668 
         
          
        $ 
      63,631 
         
 
 
      Accounts receivable, net  
          
          
          
           
      196,985 
         
          
           
      182,714 
         
 
 
      Vehicle pooling costs  
          
          
          
           
      24,438 
         
          
           
      20,466 
         
 
 
      Inventories  
          
          
          
           
      7,259 
         
          
           
      10,736 
         
 
 
      Income taxes receivable  
          
          
          
           
      2,288 
         
          
           
      9,416 
         
 
 
      Deferred income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      1,803 
         
          
           
      2,216 
         
 
 
      Assets held for sale  
          
          
          
           
      1,345 
         
          
           
      1,929 
         
 
 
      Prepaid expenses and other assets  
          
          
          
           
      19,505 
         
          
           
      15,344 
         
 
 
      Total current assets  
          
          
          
           
      412,291 
         
          
           
      306,452 
         
 
 
      Property and equipment, net  
          
          
          
           
      692,383 
         
          
           
      677,517 
         
 
 
      Intangibles, net  
          
          
          
           
      25,242 
         
          
           
      17,706 
         
 
 
      Goodwill  
          
          
          
           
      283,780 
         
          
           
      267,463 
         
 
 
      Deferred income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      36,721 
         
          
           
      30,117 
         
 
 
      Other assets  
          
          
          
           
      56,387 
         
          
           
      35,226 
         
 
 
      Total assets  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1,506,804 
         
          
        $ 
      1,334,481 
         
 
   
 
      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
 
 
      Current liabilities: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  
          
          
          
        $ 
      152,156 
         
          
        $ 
      136,648 
         
 
 
      Bank overdraft  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      16,291 
         
 
 
      Deferred revenue  
          
          
          
           
      4,170 
         
          
           
      4,832 
         
 
 
      Income taxes payable  
          
          
          
           
      8,284 
         
          
           
      4,741 
         
 
 
      Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations  
          
          
          
           
      79,674 
         
          
           
      76,047 
         
 
 
      Total current liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      244,284 
         
          
           
      238,559 
         
 
 
      Deferred income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      7,372 
         
          
           
      8,071 
         
 
 
      Income taxes payable  
          
          
          
           
      23,771 
         
          
           
      23,091 
         
 
 
      Long-term debt and capital lease obligations  
          
          
          
           
      223,227 
         
          
           
      296,410 
         
 
 
      Other liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      4,651 
         
          
           
      5,949 
         
 
 
      Total liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      503,305 
         
          
           
      572,080 
         
 
   
 
      Commitments and contingencies 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Stockholders’ equity: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Preferred stock: $0.0001 par value—5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Common stock: $0.0001 par value—180,000,000 shares authorized; 126,143,366 and 125,494,995 shares issued and outstanding, respectively
 
          
          
          
           
      13 
          
          
           
      13 
          
 
 
      Additional paid-in capital  
          
          
          
           
      404,542 
         
          
           
      368,769 
         
 
 
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss  
          
          
          
           
      (20,060 
      )   
          
           
      (47,161 
      )   
 
 
      Retained earnings  
          
          
          
           
      619,004 
         
          
           
      440,780 
         
 
 
      Total stockholders’ equity  
          
          
          
           
      1,003,499 
         
          
           
      762,401 
         
 
 
      Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1,506,804 
         
          
        $ 
      1,334,481 
         
 
  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 61 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Service revenues and vehicle sales: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Service revenues  
          
          
          
        $ 
      958,413 
         
          
        $ 
      849,667 
         
          
        $ 
      757,272 
         
 
 
      Vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      205,076 
         
          
           
      196,719 
         
          
           
      166,919 
         
 
 
      Total service revenues and vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      1,163,489 
         
          
           
      1,046,386 
         
          
           
      924,191 
         
 
 
      Operating expenses: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Yard operations  
          
          
          
           
      520,423 
         
          
           
      458,228 
         
          
           
      377,604 
         
 
 
      Cost of vehicle sales  
          
          
          
           
      174,493 
         
          
           
      167,236 
         
          
           
      136,971 
         
 
 
      General and administrative  
          
          
          
           
      164,535 
         
          
           
      137,930 
         
          
           
      114,492 
         
 
 
      Impairment of long-lived assets  
          
          
          
           
      29,104 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      8,771 
         
 
 
      Total operating expenses  
          
          
          
           
      888,555 
         
          
           
      763,394 
         
          
           
      637,838 
         
 
 
      Operating income  
          
          
          
           
      274,934 
         
          
           
      282,992 
         
          
           
      286,353 
         
 
   
 
      Other (expense) income: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Interest expense  
          
          
          
           
      (8,768 
      )   
          
           
      (10,267 
      )   
          
           
      (11,341 
      )   
 
 
      Interest income  
          
          
          
           
      491 
          
          
           
      638 
          
          
           
      357 
          
 
 
      Other income, net  
          
          
          
           
      3,378 
         
          
           
      3,509 
         
          
           
      2,687 
         
 
 
      Total other expense  
          
          
          
           
      (4,899 
      )   
          
           
      (6,120 
      )   
          
           
      (8,297 
      )   
 
 
      Income before income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      270,035 
         
          
           
      276,872 
         
          
           
      278,056 
         
 
 
      Income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      91,348 
         
          
           
      96,847 
         
          
           
      95,937 
         
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
        $ 
      178,687 
         
          
        $ 
      180,025 
         
          
        $ 
      182,119 
         
 
   
 
      Basic net income per common share  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1.42 
         
          
        $ 
      1.44 
         
          
        $ 
      1.42 
         
 
 
      Weighted average common shares outstanding  
          
          
          
           
      125,693 
         
          
           
      124,912 
         
          
           
      128,120 
         
 
   
 
      Diluted net income per common share  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1.36 
         
          
        $ 
      1.39 
         
          
        $ 
      1.39 
         
 
 
      Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding  
          
          
          
           
      131,230 
         
          
           
      129,781 
         
          
           
      131,428 
         
 
  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 62 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  (in thousands) 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Comprehensive income, net of tax: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
        $ 
      178,687 
         
          
        $ 
      180,025 
         
          
        $ 
      182,119 
         
 
 
      Other comprehensive income: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net (a)  
          
          
          
           
      2,140 
         
          
           
      2,993 
         
          
           
      (1,749 
      )   
 
 
      Reclassification adjustment of interest rate swaps, net (b)  
          
          
          
           
      (1,467 
      )   
          
           
      (1,624 
      )   
          
           
      (1,361 
      )   
 
 
      Foreign currency translation adjustments  
          
          
          
           
      26,428 
         
          
           
      (10,487 
      )   
          
           
      (11,708 
      )   
 
 
      Total comprehensive income  
          
          
          
        $ 
      205,788 
         
          
        $ 
      170,907 
         
          
        $ 
      167,301 
         
 
 
 
 
      (a)   
        
      Net of tax effect of $(1,125), $(1,647) and $1,045 for the years
ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 
 
      (b)   
        
      Net of tax effect of $744, $874 and $717 for the years ended July
31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 
 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 63 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in thousands, except share
amounts) 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Common Stock 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Outstanding  Shares 
          
      Amount 
          
      Additional  Paid in  Capital 
          
      Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income
(Loss) 
          
      Retained  Earnings 
          
      Stockholders’  Equity 
 
 
      Balances at July 31, 2011   
          
          
          
           
      132,011,034 
         
          
        $ 
      13 
          
          
        $ 
      313,927 
         
          
        $ 
      (23,225 
      )   
          
        $ 
      264,457 
         
          
        $ 
      555,172 
         
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      182,119 
         
          
           
      182,119 
         
 
 
      Currency translation adjustment  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (11,708 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (11,708 
      )   
 
 
      Interest rate swaps, net of tax effects  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (3,110 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (3,110 
      )   
 
 
      Exercise of stock options, net of repurchased shares  
          
          
          
           
      1,165,605 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      13,202 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (2,777 
      )   
          
           
      10,425 
         
 
 
      Employee stock-based payment compensation and related tax benefit 
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      26,158 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      26,158 
         
 
 
      Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
          
          
          
           
      97,769 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,957 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,957 
         
 
 
      Shares repurchased  
          
          
          
           
      (8,880,708 
      )   
          
           
      (1 
      )   
          
           
      (29,057 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (170,838 
      )   
          
           
      (199,896 
      )   
 
 
      Balances at July 31, 2012   
          
          
          
           
      124,393,700 
         
          
           
      12 
          
          
           
      326,187 
         
          
           
      (38,043 
      )   
          
           
      272,961 
         
          
           
      561,117 
         
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      180,025 
         
          
           
      180,025 
         
 
 
      Currency translation adjustment  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (10,487 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (10,487 
      )   
 
 
      Interest rate swaps, net of tax effects  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,369 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,369 
         
 
 
      Exercise of stock options, net of repurchased shares  
          
          
          
           
      1,516,534 
         
          
           
      1 
          
          
           
      21,370 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (943 
      )   
          
           
      20,428 
         
 
 
      Employee stock-based payment compensation and related tax benefit 
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      21,886 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      21,886 
         
 
 
      Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
          
          
          
           
      84,761 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,948 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,948 
         
 
 
      Shares repurchased  
          
          
          
           
      (500,000 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (2,622 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (11,263 
      )   
          
           
      (13,885 
      )   
 
 
      Balances at July 31, 2013   
          
          
          
           
      125,494,995 
         
          
           
      13 
          
          
           
      368,769 
         
          
           
      (47,161 
      )   
          
           
      440,780 
         
          
           
      762,401 
         
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      178,687 
         
          
           
      178,687 
         
 
 
      Currency translation adjustment  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      26,428 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      26,428 
         
 
 
      Interest rate swaps, net of tax effects  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      673 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      673 
          
 
 
      Exercise of stock options, net of repurchased shares  
          
          
          
           
      566,404 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      10,349 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (463 
      )   
          
           
      9,886 
         
 
 
      Employee stock-based payment compensation and related tax benefit 
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      23,085 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      23,085 
         
 
 
      Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
          
          
          
           
      81,967 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      2,339 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      2,339 
         
 
 
      Balances at July 31, 2014   
          
          
          
           
      126,143,366 
         
          
        $ 
      13 
          
          
        $ 
      404,542 
         
          
        $ 
      (20,060 
      )   
          
        $ 
      619,004 
         
          
        $ 
      1,003,499 
         
 
  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 64 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  (in thousands) 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Cash flows from operating activities: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Net Income  
          
          
          
        $ 
      178,687 
         
          
        $ 
      180,025 
         
          
        $ 
      182,119 
         
 
 
      Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Depreciation and amortization  
          
          
          
           
      53,726 
         
          
           
      56,728 
         
          
           
      48,167 
         
 
 
      Allowance for doubtful accounts  
          
          
          
           
      1,087 
         
          
           
      (356 
      )   
          
           
      (192 
      )   
 
 
      Impairment of long-lived assets  
          
          
          
           
      29,104 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      8,771 
         
 
 
      Stock-based compensation  
          
          
          
           
      22,099 
         
          
           
      19,557 
         
          
           
      21,791 
         
 
 
      Excess tax benefit from stock-based payment compensation  
          
          
          
           
      (2,289 
      )   
          
           
      (6,097 
      )   
          
           
      (4,367 
      )   
 
 
      Gain on sale of property and equipment  
          
          
          
           
      (1,461 
      )   
          
           
      (962 
      )   
          
           
      (143 
      )   
 
 
      Deferred income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      (10,838 
      )   
          
           
      (3,605 
      )   
          
           
      (17,579 
      )   
 
 
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions: 
          
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Accounts receivable  
          
          
          
           
      (12,870 
      )   
          
           
      (31,171 
      )   
          
           
      (16,004 
      )   
 
 
      Vehicle pooling costs  
          
          
          
           
      (3,613 
      )   
          
           
      (3,626 
      )   
          
           
      1,142 
         
 
 
      Inventories  
          
          
          
           
      4,012 
         
          
           
      (1,777 
      )   
          
           
      (218 
      )   
 
 
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets  
          
          
          
           
      (4,500 
      )   
          
           
      (5,971 
      )   
          
           
      6,026 
         
 
 
      Other assets  
          
          
          
           
      (8,900 
      )   
          
           
      (18,714 
      )   
          
           
      (1,951 
      )   
 
 
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      5,425 
         
          
           
      14,749 
         
          
           
      (3,805 
      )   
 
 
      Deferred revenue  
          
          
          
           
      (661 
      )   
          
           
      (871 
      )   
          
           
      (243 
      )   
 
 
      Income taxes receivable  
          
          
          
           
      9,267 
         
          
           
      (752 
      )   
          
           
      7,082 
         
 
 
      Income taxes payable  
          
          
          
           
      2,816 
         
          
           
      1,609 
         
          
           
      (2,545 
      )   
 
 
      Other liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      1,503 
         
          
           
      560 
          
          
           
      1,622 
         
 
 
      Net cash provided by operating activities  
          
          
          
           
      262,594 
         
          
           
      199,326 
         
          
           
      229,673 
         
 
 
      Cash flows from investing activities: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Purchases of property and equipment  
          
          
          
           
      (81,510 
      )   
          
           
      (130,265 
      )   
          
           
      (54,832 
      )   
 
 
      Proceeds from sale of property and equipment  
          
          
          
           
      2,849 
         
          
           
      3,077 
         
          
           
      1,268 
         
 
 
      Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale  
          
          
          
           
      858 
          
          
           
      3,189 
         
          
           
      8,041 
         
 
 
      Purchases of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisition, net of cash acquired  
          
          
          
           
      (14,300 
      )   
          
           
      (84,022 
      )   
          
           
      (2,564 
      )   
 
 
      Net cash used in investing activities  
          
          
          
           
      (92,103 
      )   
          
           
      (208,021 
      )   
          
           
      (48,087 
      )   
 
 
      Cash flows from financing activities: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Proceeds from the exercise of stock options  
          
          
          
           
      10,412 
         
          
           
      21,442 
         
          
           
      13,651 
         
 
 
      Excess tax benefit from stock-based payment compensation  
          
          
          
           
      2,289 
         
          
           
      6,097 
         
          
           
      4,367 
         
 
 
      Proceeds from the issuance of Employee Stock Purchase Plan shares  
          
          
          
           
      2,339 
         
          
           
      1,948 
         
          
           
      1,957 
         
 
 
      Repurchases of common stock  
          
          
          
           
      (572 
      )   
          
           
      (15,009 
      )   
          
           
      (203,285 
      )   
 
 
      Change in bank overdraft  
          
          
          
           
      (16,291 
      )   
          
           
      16,291 
         
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      125,000 
         
 
 
      Debt offering costs  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (313 
      )   
 
 
      Principal payments on long-term debt  
          
          
          
           
      (75,000 
      )   
          
           
      (96,660 
      )   
          
           
      (56,250 
      )   
 
 
      Net cash used in financing activities  
          
          
          
           
      (76,823 
      )   
          
           
      (65,891 
      )   
          
           
      (114,873 
      )   
 
 
      Effect of foreign currency translation  
          
          
          
           
      1,369 
         
          
           
      (1,895 
      )   
          
           
      (610 
      )   
 
 
      Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  
          
          
          
           
      95,037 
         
          
           
      (76,481 
      )   
          
           
      66,103 
         
 
 
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  
          
          
          
           
      63,631 
         
          
           
      140,112 
         
          
           
      74,009 
         
 
 
      Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  
          
          
          
        $ 
      158,668 
         
          
        $ 
      63,631 
         
          
        $ 
      140,112 
         
 
 
      Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      Interest paid  
          
          
          
        $ 
      8,768 
         
          
        $ 
      10,267 
         
          
        $ 
      11,333 
         
 
 
      Income taxes paid  
          
          
          
        $ 
      82,813 
         
          
        $ 
      95,182 
         
          
        $ 
      106,581 
         
 
  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 65 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JULY 31, 2014 
 
 
 NOTE 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 
 Basis of Presentation and
Description of Business 
 Copart, Inc. was incorporated under the
laws of the State of California in 1982. In January 2012, the Company changed the state in which it is incorporated (the “Reincorporation”),
and is now incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. All references to “we,” “us,” “our,” or “the
Company” herein refer to the California corporation prior to the date of the Reincorporation, and to the Delaware corporation on and after the
date of the Reincorporation. 
 The consolidated financial statements
of the Company include the accounts of the parent company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including its foreign wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 The Company provides vehicle sellers
with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles over the Internet through the Company’s Virtual Bidding Third Generation (VB3) Internet
auction-style sales technology. Sellers are primarily insurance companies but also include banks and financial institutions, charities, car
dealerships, fleet operators, and vehicle rental companies. The Company sells principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair
licensees, used vehicle dealers and exporters; however, at certain locations, the Company sells directly to the general public. The majority of
vehicles sold on behalf of insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss or not economically repairable by the insurance
companies or are recovered stolen vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made. The Company offers vehicle
sellers a full range of services that expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs and maximize the
ultimate sales price. In the United States and Canada (North America), the United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.), and Brazil, the Company sells vehicles
primarily as an agent and derives revenue primarily from fees paid by vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers as well as related fees for services, such as
towing and storage. In the United Kingdom (U.K.), the Company operates both on a principal basis, purchasing the salvage vehicle outright from the
insurance company and reselling the vehicle for its own account, and as an agent. In Germany and Spain, the Company derives revenue from sales listing
fees for listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies. 
 Use of
Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates include but are not limited to, vehicle pooling costs; self-insured reserves; allowance
for doubtful accounts; income taxes; revenue recognition; stock-based payment compensation; purchase price allocations; long-lived asset and goodwill
impairment calculations and contingencies. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 Revenue
Recognition 
 The Company provides a portfolio of
services to its sellers and buyers that facilitate the sale and delivery of a vehicle from seller to buyer. These services include the ability to use
the Company’s Internet sales technology and vehicle delivery, loading, title processing, preparation and storage. The Company evaluates
multiple-element arrangements relative to its member and seller agreements. 
 The services provided to the seller of
a vehicle involve disposing of a vehicle on the seller’s behalf and, under most of the Company’s current North American contracts, collecting
the proceeds from the member. The Company applies Accounting Standard Update 2009-13,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605): Multiple-Deliverable Revenue
Arrangements  (ASU 2009-13) for revenue recognition. Pre-sale services, including towing, title processing, preparation and storage, as well as sale
fees and other enhancement services meet the 
 
 66 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 criteria for separate units of
accounting. The revenue associated with each service is recognized upon completion of the respective service, net of applicable rebates or allowances.
For certain sellers who are charged a proportionate fee based on high bid of the vehicle, the revenue associated with the pre-sale services is
recognized upon completion of the sale when the total arrangement is fixed and determinable. The estimated selling price of each service is determined
based on management’s best estimate and allotted based on the relative selling price method. 
 Vehicle sales, where vehicles are
purchased and remarketed on the Company’s own behalf, are recognized on the sale date, which is typically the point of high bid acceptance. Upon
high bid acceptance, a legal binding contract is formed with the member, and the gross sales price is recorded as revenue. 
 The Company also provides a number of
services to the buyer of the vehicle, charging a separate fee for each service. Each of these services has been assessed to determine whether the
requirements have been met to separate them into units of accounting within a multiple-element arrangement. The Company has concluded that the sale and
the post-sale services are separate units of accounting. The fees for sale services are recognized upon completion of the sale, and the fees for the
post-sale services are recognized upon successful completion of those services using the relative selling price method. 
 The Company also charges members an
annual registration fee for the right to participate in its vehicle sales program, which is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement, and
relist and late-payment fees, which are recognized upon receipt of payment by the member. No provision for returns has been established, as all sales
are final with no rights of return, although the Company provides for bad debt expense in the case of non-performance by its members or
sellers. 
 The Company allocates arrangement
consideration based upon management’s best estimate of the selling price of the separate units of accounting contained within an arrangement
containing multiple deliverables. Significant inputs in the Company’s estimates of the selling price of separate units of accounting include
market and pricing trends, pricing customization and practices, and profit objectives for the services. 
 Vehicle Pooling
Costs 
 The Company defers in vehicle pooling
costs certain yard operation expenses associated with vehicles consigned to and received by the Company, but not sold as of the end of the period. The
Company quantifies the deferred costs using a calculation that includes the number of vehicles at its facilities at the beginning and end of the
period, the number of vehicles sold during the period and an allocation of certain yard operation costs of the period. The primary expenses allocated
and deferred are certain facility costs, labor, transportation, and vehicle processing. If the allocation factors change, then yard operation expenses
could increase or decrease correspondingly in the future. These costs are expensed as vehicles are sold in subsequent periods on an average cost basis.
Given the fixed cost nature of the Company’s business, there is not a direct correlation for an increase in expenses or units processed on vehicle
pooling costs. 
 The Company applies the provisions of
accounting guidance for subsequent measurement of inventory to our vehicle pooling costs. The provision requires that items such as idle facility
expenses, double freight and rehandling costs be recognized as current period charges regardless of whether they meet the criteria of
“abnormal” as provided in the guidance. In addition, the guidance requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to the costs of
conversion be based on the normal capacity of production facilities. 
 In early November 2012, Hurricane Sandy
hit the northeastern coast of the United States. As a result of the extensive flooding that it caused, the Company expended additional costs for (i)
temporary storage facilities; (ii) premiums for subhaulers as they were reassigned from other regions; and (iii) labor costs incurred for overtime,
travel and lodging due to the reassignment of employees to the affected region. These costs, which are characterized as “abnormal” under ASC
330,  Inventory , were expensed as incurred and not included in inventory. At July 31, 2013, the incremental salvage vehicles received as a result
of Hurricane Sandy were sold. 
 
 67 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Foreign Currency
Translation 
 The Company records foreign currency
translation adjustments from the process of translating the functional currency of the financial statements of its foreign subsidiaries into the U.S.
dollar reporting currency. The Canadian dollar, the British pound, the U.A.E. dirham, the Brazilian real, and the Euro are the functional currencies of
the Company’s foreign subsidiaries as they are the primary currencies within the economic environment in which each subsidiary operates. The
original equity investment in the respective subsidiaries is translated at historical rates. Assets and liabilities of the respective subsidiary’s
operations are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars at average
exchange rates in effect during each reporting period. Adjustments resulting from the translation of each subsidiary’s financial statements are
reported in other comprehensive income. 
 The cumulative effects of foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 
      Cumulative loss on foreign currency translation as of July 31, 2012  
          
          
          
           
        
          
      $(34,933) 
          
 
 
      Loss on foreign currency translation  
          
          
          
           
        
          
      (10,487) 
          
 
 
      Cumulative loss on foreign currency translation as of July 31, 2013  
          
          
          
           
        
          
      $(45,420) 
          
 
 
      Gain on foreign currency translation  
          
          
          
           
        
          
      26,428 
          
 
 
      Cumulative loss on foreign currency translation as of July 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
        
          
      $(18,992) 
          
 
  
 Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 
 The Company records its financial
assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with the framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP. In accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures , as amended by Accounting Standards Update 2011-04, the Company considers fair value as an exit price, representing
the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants under current
market conditions. This framework establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value: 
 
 
 
      Level I 
          
          
          
      Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active
markets. 
 
 
      Level II 
          
          
          
      Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly. Interest rate hedges are valued at exit prices obtained from the counter-party. 
 
 
      Level III 
          
          
          
      Inputs that are generally unobservable. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in
management’s best estimate. 
 
  
 The amounts recorded for financial
instruments in the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which included cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities
approximated their fair values as of July 31, 2014 and 2013, due to the short-term nature of those instruments, and are classified within Level II of
the fair value hierarchy. Cash equivalents are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market
prices of the underlying investments. See  Note 8—Long-Term Debt  for additional fair value disclosures. 
 Derivatives and
Hedging 
 The Company has entered into two
interest rate swaps to eliminate interest rate risk on the Company’s variable rate Term Loan, and the swaps are designated as effective cash flow
hedges under ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging.  See  Note 9—Derivatives and Hedging . Each quarter, the Company measures hedge
effectiveness using the “hypothetical derivative method” and records in earnings any hedge ineffectiveness with the effective portion of the
hedges change in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income. 
 
 68 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Cost of Vehicle
Sales 
 
 Cost of vehicle sales includes the
purchase price of vehicles sold for the Company’s own account. 
 Yard
Operations 
 Yard operations consists primarily of
operating personnel (which includes yard management, clerical and yard employees), rent, contract vehicle towing, insurance, fuel and equipment
maintenance and repair. The Company recognizes the costs of pre-sale services, including towing, title processing, and preparation and storage within
yard operation expenses at the time the related services are provided. 
 General and Administrative
Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of executive, accounting and data processing, sales personnel, professional services, system maintenance and enhancements and
marketing expenses. 
 Advertising 
 All advertising costs are expensed as
incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. Advertising expenses were $5.0 million, $5.0
million and $6.5 million for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 Other (Expense)
Income 
 Other (expense) income consists
primarily of interest expense, interest income, gains and losses from the disposal of fixed assets and rental income. 
 Net Income Per
Share 
 
 Basic net income per share amounts were
computed by dividing consolidated net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per
share amounts were computed by dividing consolidated net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus dilutive potential
common shares calculated for stock options outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. 
 Cash and Cash
Equivalents 
 
 The Company considers all highly liquid
investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
include cash held in checking and money market accounts. The Company periodically invests its excess cash in money market funds and U.S. Treasury
Bills. The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are placed with high credit quality financial institutions. 
 Bank
Overdraft 
 As a result of maintaining a
consolidated cash management system, the Company utilizes controlled disbursement bank accounts. These accounts are funded as checks are presented for
payment, not when checks are issued. The resulting bank overdraft position is included in current liabilities as of July 31, 2013. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories of purchased vehicles are
stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value. Cost includes the Company’s cost of acquiring ownership of the vehicle. The cost of
vehicles sold is charged to cost of vehicle sales as sold on a specific identification basis. 
 
 69 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Accounts
Receivable 
 Accounts receivable, which consist
primarily of advance charges due from insurance companies and the gross sales price of the vehicle due from members, are recorded when billed, advanced
or accrued and represent claims against third parties that will be settled in cash. 
 Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts 
 
 The Company maintains an allowance for
doubtful accounts in order to provide for estimated losses resulting from disputed amounts billed to sellers or members and the inability of sellers or
members to make required payments. If billing disputes exceed expectations and/or if the financial condition of sellers or members were to deteriorate,
additional allowances may be required. The allowance is calculated by considering both seller and member accounts receivables written off during the
previous twelve-month period as a percentage of the total accounts receivable balance. 
 Concentration of Credit
Risk 
 
 Financial instruments, which subject
the Company to potential credit risk, consist of its cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and accounts receivable. The Company adheres to
its investment policy when placing investments. The investment policy has established guidelines to limit the Company’s exposure to credit risk by
placing investments with high credit quality financial institutions, diversifying its investment portfolio, limiting investments in any one issuer or
pooled fund and placing investments with maturities that maintain safety and liquidity. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high
credit quality financial institutions. Deposits with these financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided; however, these deposits
typically are redeemable upon demand and, therefore, the Company believes that the financial risks associated with these financial instruments are
minimal. 
 The Company performs ongoing credit
evaluations of its customers, and generally does not require collateral on its accounts receivable. The Company estimates its allowances for doubtful
accounts based on historical collection trends, the age of outstanding receivables and existing economic conditions. If events or changes in
circumstances indicate that specific receivable balances may be impaired, further consideration is given to the collectability of those balances and
the allowance is adjusted accordingly. Past-due account balances are written off when the Company’s internal collection efforts have been
unsuccessful in collecting the amounts due. The Company does not have off-balance sheet credit exposure related to its customers and to date, the
Company has not experienced significant credit-related losses. 
 No single customer accounted for more
than 10% of total revenues for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. As of July 31, 2014 and 2013, one customer accounted for more than 10% of
the Company’s accounts receivable. 
 Property and
Equipment 
 
 Property and equipment is stated at
cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term
or the estimated useful lives of the respective improvements, which is between five and ten years. Significant improvements which substantially extend
the useful lives of assets are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation and amortization
is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of: three to five years for internally developed or purchased software; three to
seven years for transportation and other equipment; three to ten years for office furniture and equipment; and 5 to 40 years or the lease term,
whichever is shorter, for buildings and improvements. Amortization of equipment under capital leases is included in depreciation
expense. 
 
 70 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Long-Lived Asset
Valuation 
 
 The Company evaluates long-lived
assets, including property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. In accordance with ASC 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment , a long-lived asset is initially measured at the lower of its
carrying amount or fair value. An impairment loss is recognized when the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated from the use
of the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset. The impairment loss is then calculated by comparing the carrying amount with its fair
value, which is usually estimated using discounted cash flows expected to be generated from the use of the asset. 
 Goodwill and Other Identifiable
Intangible Assets 
 
 In accordance with ASC 350-30-35,
 Intangibles—Goodwill and Other , goodwill is not amortized but is tested for potential impairment, at a minimum on an annual basis, or when
indications of potential impairment exist. The Company performed its annual impairment test for goodwill during the fourth quarter of the year ended
July 31, 2014, utilizing a market value and discounted cash flow approach. The impairment test for identifiable intangible assets not subject to
amortization is also performed annually or when impairment indicators exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the
intangible asset with its carrying amount. Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment using a process
similar to that used to evaluate other long-lived assets. 
 Assets Held for
Sale 
 The Company has removed certain assets
from operations and offered them for sale. These assets, which include certain real estate, are reflected at their fair market value, less costs to
dispose, in the financial statements and are a Level II fair value measurement based on sale transactions of similar assets. During the year ended July
31, 2012, the Company recorded an impairment of $8.8 million associated with the write down to fair market value of these assets held for
sale. 
 Capitalized Software
Costs 
 The Company capitalizes system
development costs and website development costs related to the enterprise computing services during the application development stage. Costs related to
preliminary project activities and post implementation activities were expensed as incurred. Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line
basis over its estimated useful life, generally three years. The Company evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that impact the recoverability of these assets. Total gross capitalized software as of
July 31, 2014 and 2013 was $61.7 million and $74.3 million, respectively. Accumulated amortization expense related to software as of July 31, 2014 and
2013 totaled $38.6 million and $28.6 million, respectively. 
 The Company recently reassessed its
strategy of utilizing a third-party enterprise operating system to address its international expansion needs based on the projected cost to complete,
deployment risk and certain other factors. The Company decided to cease development of this software and address its international technology needs
through an internally developed proprietary solution. For the year ended July 31, 2014, the Company recognized a charge of $29.1 million resulting
primarily from the impairment of costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of the software. 
 Retained Insurance
Liabilities 
 
 The Company is partially self-insured
for certain losses related to medical, general liability, workers’ compensation and auto liability. The Company’s insurance policies are
subject to a $250,000 deductible per claim, with the exception of its medical policy which has a $225,000 stop loss per claim and a stop loss limiting
total exposure to 120% of expected claims. In addition, each of the Company’s policies contains an aggregate stop loss which limits its ultimate
exposure. The Company’s liability represents an estimate of the 
 
 71 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 ultimate cost of claims incurred as
of the balance sheet date. The estimated liability is not discounted and is established based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates.
The primary estimates used in the actuarial analysis include total payroll and revenue. The Company’s estimates have not materially fluctuated
from actual results. While the Company believes these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available, if actual trends,
including the severity of claims and medical cost inflation, differ from the Company’s estimates, the Company’s consolidated results of
operations, financial position or cash flows could be impacted. The process of determining the Company’s insurance reserves requires estimates
with various assumptions, each of which can positively or negatively impact those balances. As of July 31, 2014 and 2013, the total amount reserved for
related self-insured claims is $5.7 million and $6.1 million, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Payment
Compensation 
 
 The Company accounts for stock-based
awards to employees and non-employees using the fair value method as required by ASC 718,  Compensation—Stock Compensation  (ASC 718), which
requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to employees, consultants and directors based
on estimated fair value. ASC 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the measurement date using an
option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized in expense over the requisite service
periods. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
differ from those estimates. 
 Option valuation models require the
input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company’s employee stock options have
characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the input assumptions can materially affect their fair
value estimate, it is the Company’s opinion that the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the
employee stock options. 
 The fair value of each option was
estimated on the measurement date using the Black-Scholes Merton (BSM) option-pricing model utilizing the following assumptions: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Expected life (in years)  
          
          
          
           
      5.1 – 7.1 
         
          
           
      5.2 – 6.9 
         
          
           
      5.2 – 6.8 
         
 
 
      Risk-free interest rate  
          
          
          
           
      1.55 – 2.3 
      %   
          
           
      0.61 – 1.5 
      %   
          
           
      0.68 – 1.7 
      %   
 
 
      Estimated volatility  
          
          
          
           
      20 – 25 
      %   
          
           
      24 – 26 
      %   
          
           
      24 – 26 
      %   
 
 
      Expected dividends  
          
          
          
           
      0 
      %   
          
           
      0 
      %   
          
           
      0 
      %   
 
 
      Weighted average fair value at measurement date  
          
          
          
        $ 
      11.10 
         
          
        $ 
      7.87 
         
          
        $ 
      6.01 
         
 
  
 Expected life—The Company’s
expected life represents the period that the Company’s stock-based payment awards are expected to be outstanding and was determined based on
historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based payment awards, vesting schedules and
expectations of future employee behavior as influenced by changes to the terms of its stock-based payment awards. 
 Estimated volatility—The Company
uses the trading history of its common stock in determining an estimated volatility factor when using the BSM option-pricing model to determine the
fair value of options granted. 
 Expected dividend—The Company has
not declared dividends. Therefore, the Company uses a zero value for the expected dividend value factor when using the BSM option-pricing model to
determine the fair value of options granted. 
 Risk-free interest rate—The
Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the BSM option-pricing model on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
issues with the same or substantially equivalent expected life. 
 
 72 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Estimated forfeitures—When
estimating forfeitures, the Company considers voluntary and involuntary termination behavior as well as analysis of actual option
forfeitures. 
 Net cash proceeds from the exercise of
stock options were $10.4 million, $21.4 million and $13.7 million for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company realized
an income tax benefit of $2.3 million, $6.1 million and $4.4 million from stock option exercises during the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company presents excess tax benefits from disqualifying dispositions of the exercise of incentive stock
options, vested prior to August 1, 2005, if any, as financing cash flows rather than operating cash flows. 
 Comprehensive
Income 
 Comprehensive income includes all
changes in stockholders’ equity during a period from non-stockholder sources. For the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) was the effect of foreign currency translation adjustments and the effective portion of the interest rate swaps’
change in fair value. Deferred taxes are not provided on cumulative translation adjustments where the Company expects earnings of a foreign subsidiary
to be indefinitely reinvested. 
 Recently Issued Accounting
Standards 
 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605,  Revenue
Recognition . ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, using one of two retrospective application methods. The Company has not determined the potential
effects of implementing ASU 2014-09 on the consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2013, the FASB ASU 2013-02,
 Reporting Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income , which amends ASC 220,  Comprehensive Income . The amended
guidance requires entities to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component.
Additionally, entities are required to present, either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified out of
accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income. The amended guidance does not change the current requirements for
reporting net income or other comprehensive income. The amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2012.
The Company’s adoption of ASU 2013-02 did not have a material impact on the Company’s condensed consolidated results of operations and
financial position. 
 In July 2012, the FASB issued ASU
2012-02,  Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment,  which amended the guidance in ASU 2011-08 to simplify the testing of
indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment. ASU 2012-02 is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for
fiscal years beginning September 15, 2012. The Company’s adoption of ASU 2012-02 did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated
results of operations and financial position. 
 Acquisitions 
 The Company recognizes and measures
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquired entities in accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combinations . The accounting for
acquisitions involves significant judgments and estimates, including the fair value of certain forms of consideration, the fair value of acquired
intangible assets, which involve projections of future revenues, cash flows and terminal value, which are then either discounted at an estimated
discount rate or measured at an estimated royalty rate, and the fair 
 
 73 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 value of other acquired assets and
assumed liabilities, including potential contingencies and the useful lives of the assets. The projections are developed using internal forecasts,
available industry and market data and estimates of long-term growth rates of the Company. Historical experience is additionally utilized, in which
historical or current costs have approximated fair value for certain assets acquired. 
 Segments and Other Geographic
Reporting 
 The Company’s North American and
U.K. regions are considered two separate operating segments, which have been aggregated into one reportable segment because they share similar economic
characteristics. 
 NOTE 2 — Acquisitions 
 Fiscal 2014
Transactions 
 
 During the year ended July 31, 2014,
the Company acquired one facility in Montreal, Canada; a salvage vehicle auction business in Brazil, which did not include any facilities; as well as
the assets of an online marketing company, which included the rights to hundreds of web domains including www.cashforcars.com and www.cash4cars.com.
The aggregate purchase price totaled $14.5 million. 
 The following table summarizes the
preliminary purchase price allocation based on the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for these acquisitions (in
thousands): 
 
 
      Allocation of the acquisition: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Accounts receivable and prepaid expenses  
          
          
          
        $ 
      734 
          
 
 
      Property and equipment  
          
          
          
           
      71 
          
 
 
      Inventory  
          
          
          
           
      81 
          
 
 
      Intangible assets  
          
          
          
           
      5,153 
         
 
 
      Goodwill  
          
          
          
           
      8,472 
         
 
 
      Liabilities assumed  
          
          
          
           
      (43 
      )   
 
 
      Fair value of net assets and liabilities acquired  
          
          
          
        $ 
      14,468 
         
 
  
 These acquisitions were undertaken
because of their strategic fit and have been accounted for using the purchase method in accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combinations , which
has resulted in the recognition of goodwill in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. This goodwill arose because the purchase price of
each acquisition reflected a number of factors, including their future earnings and cash flow potential; the multiple to earnings, cash flow and other
factors at which similar businesses have been purchased by other acquirers; the competitive nature of the process by which the Company acquired the
businesses; and because of the complementary strategic fit and resulting synergies brought to existing operations. The goodwill that arose from these
acquisitions was within Level III of the fair value hierarchy as it was valued using unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs reflect the
Company’s best estimate of what hypothetical market participants would use to determine the value of acquired assets at the reporting date based
on the best information available in the circumstances. When a determination is made to classify items within Level III of the fair value hierarchy,
the evaluation is based upon the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. Due to the limitation of goodwill asset
market value or pricing information, the determination of fair value of the goodwill asset is inherently more difficult. Goodwill is not amortized for
financial reporting purposes but could be amortizable for tax purposes. The intangible assets that arose from these acquisitions were also within Level
III of the fair value hierarchy as it was valued using unobservable inputs, primarily from utilizing the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method (MPEEM)
model, which is an income-based approach that allocates to goodwill any acquisition costs not specifically assigned to intangibles, fixed assets or
working capital. Intangible assets acquired include covenants not to compete, supply contracts, customer relationships, trade names, licenses and
databases and software with a useful life ranging from three to eight years. 
 
 74 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 The purchase price allocation for the
salvage vehicle auction businesses in Canada and Brazil, and the acquired online marketing company, are not final for property and equipment, income
taxes, liabilities and intangible assets acquired pending the final valuation by the Company. The Company believes any potential changes to its
preliminary purchase price allocations will not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 
 The acquisitions do not result in a
significant change in the Company’s consolidated results of operations individually or in the aggregate; therefore, pro forma financial
information has not been presented. The operating results have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of
operations since the acquisition dates. 
 Fiscal 2013
Transactions 
 
 During the year ended July 31, 2013,
the Company acquired 100% of the voting stock of Salvage Parent, Inc., which conducts business primarily as Quad City Salvage Auction, CrashedToys, and
Desert View Auto Auctions. The Company also acquired salvage vehicle auction businesses in Brazil and the U.A.E.; two auction platforms in Germany and
Spain; as well as the assets of Gainesville Salvage Disposal and Auto Salvage Auction, Inc., salvage vehicle auction companies with locations in
Gainesville, GA, and Davison and Ionia, MI, for a total purchase price of $87.0 million. 
 During the year ended July 31, 2014,
the purchase price allocation for Salvage Parent, Inc. and the acquired auction platform in Spain was finalized. As a result, from the preliminary
purchase price allocation as of July 31, 2013, goodwill decreased $0.8 million, primarily related to increases of $11.5 million in accrued liabilities,
$9.3 million in intangible assets, and changes to deferred taxes on acquired intangible assets and working capital adjustments. Accrued liabilities
were adjusted after obtaining new information on a pre-acquisition contingency related to a lack of documentation on the historical sales of Salvage
Parent, Inc. The Company noted that the potential exposure from this contingency ranged from $7.0 million to $28.0 million. The Company recorded the
fair value of this contingency of $14.0 million. In accordance with ASC 805, any adjustments to the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities that
occur subsequent to the measurement period will be reflected in the Company’s results of operations. 
 The following table summarizes the
purchase price allocation based on the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for these acquisitions (in
thousands): 
 
 
      Total cash paid, net of cash acquired  
          
          
          
        $ 
      83,866 
         
 
 
      Contingent consideration  
          
          
          
           
      3,092 
         
 
 
      Total acquisition price  
          
          
          
        $ 
      86,958 
         
 
 
      Allocation of the acquisition: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Accounts receivable and prepaid expenses  
          
          
          
        $ 
      21,082 
         
 
 
      Deferred income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      2,845 
         
 
 
      Vehicle pooling costs  
          
          
          
           
      1,187 
         
 
 
      Property and equipment  
          
          
          
           
      21,158 
         
 
 
      Inventory  
          
          
          
           
      634 
          
 
 
      Intangible assets  
          
          
          
           
      24,186 
         
 
 
      Goodwill  
          
          
          
           
      72,666 
         
 
 
      Liabilities assumed  
          
          
          
           
      (56,800 
      )   
 
 
      Fair value of net assets and liabilities acquired  
          
          
          
        $ 
      86,958 
         
 
  
 The acquisitions do not result in a
significant change in the Company’s consolidated results of operations individually nor in the aggregate; therefore pro forma financial
information has not been presented. The operating results have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of
operations since the acquisition dates. The acquisition-related expenses incurred during the year ended July 31, 2013, 
 
 75 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 were not significant and were
included in general and administrative expenses in the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 Fiscal 2012
Transactions 
 
 The Company had no significant
acquisitions during the year ended July 31, 2012. 
 NOTE 3 — Accounts Receivable, Net 
 Accounts receivable, net consisted
of: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Advance charges receivable  
          
          
          
        $ 
      126,307 
         
          
        $ 
      118,584 
         
 
 
      Trade accounts receivable  
          
          
          
           
      72,170 
         
          
           
      65,660 
         
 
 
      Other receivables  
          
          
          
           
      2,092 
         
          
           
      1,153 
         
 
 
        
          
          
          
           
      200,569 
         
          
           
      185,397 
         
 
 
      Less: allowance for doubtful accounts  
          
          
          
           
      (3,584 
      )   
          
           
      (2,683 
      )   
 
 
      Accounts receivable, net  
          
          
          
        $ 
      196,985 
         
          
        $ 
      182,714 
         
 
  
 Advance charges receivable represents
unbilled amounts paid to third parties on behalf of insurance companies for which the Company will be reimbursed when the vehicle is sold. Trade
accounts receivable includes fees and gross auction proceeds to be collected from insurance companies and members. 
 The movements in the allowance for
doubtful accounts were as follows: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Balance at beginning of year  
          
          
          
        $ 
      2,683 
         
          
        $ 
      2,920 
         
          
        $ 
      3,122 
         
 
 
      Charged to costs and expenses  
          
          
          
           
      3,376 
         
          
           
      1,424 
         
          
           
      1,626 
         
 
 
      Deductions to bad debt  
          
          
          
           
      (2,475 
      )   
          
           
      (1,661 
      )   
          
           
      (1,828 
      )   
 
 
      Balance at end of year  
          
          
          
        $ 
      3,584 
         
          
        $ 
      2,683 
         
          
        $ 
      2,920 
         
 
  
 NOTE 4 — Property and Equipment, Net 
 Property and equipment, net consisted
of the following: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Transportation and other equipment 
          
          
          
        $ 
      68,956 
         
          
        $ 
      58,016 
         
 
 
      Office furniture and equipment 
          
          
          
           
      41,504 
         
          
           
      59,936 
         
 
 
      Software 
          
          
          
           
      61,698 
         
          
           
      74,261 
         
 
 
      Land 
          
          
          
           
      475,564 
         
          
           
      443,126 
         
 
 
      Buildings and leasehold improvements 
          
          
          
           
      429,895 
         
          
           
      414,284 
         
 
 
        
          
          
          
           
      1,077,617 
         
          
           
      1,049,623 
         
 
 
      Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization  
          
          
          
           
      (385,234 
      )   
          
           
      (372,106 
      )   
 
 
      Property and equipment, net 
          
          
          
        $ 
      692,383 
         
          
        $ 
      677,517 
         
 
  
 Depreciation expense on property and
equipment was $37.0 million, $42.0 million and $34.8 million for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Amortization expense of
software was $9.8 million, $9.5 million and $8.9 million for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 
 76 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 NOTE 5 — Goodwill 
 The change in the carrying amount of
goodwill was as follows: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Beginning balance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      267,463 
         
          
        $ 
      196,438 
         
 
 
      Goodwill recorded during the period  
          
          
          
           
      7,724 
         
          
           
      73,414 
         
 
 
      Effect of foreign currency exchange rates  
          
          
          
           
      8,593 
         
          
           
      (2,389 
      )   
 
 
      Ending balance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      283,780 
         
          
        $ 
      267,463 
         
 
  
 In accordance with the guidance in ASC
350, goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or upon the occurrence of circumstances that indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The
Company’s annual impairment tests were performed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 and 2013 and goodwill was not impaired. As of July 31, 2014
and 2013, the cumulative amount of goodwill impairment losses recognized totaled $21.8 million. 
 NOTE 6 — Intangibles, Net 
 The following table sets forth
amortizable intangible assets by major asset class: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Gross  Carrying  Amount 
          
      Accumulated  Amortization 
          
      Net  Book Value 
          
      Weighted Average  Remaining Useful  Life (in
years) 
          
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
      July 31, 
          
      July 31, 
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands, except remaining useful life) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Amortized intangibles: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Covenants not to compete  
          
          
          
        $ 
      17,656 
         
          
        $ 
      12,515 
         
          
        $ 
      (11,945 
      )   
          
        $ 
      (10,965 
      )   
          
        $ 
      5,711 
         
          
        $ 
      1,550 
         
          
           
      4 
          
          
           
      4 
          
 
 
      Supply contracts & customer relationships 
          
          
          
           
      46,761 
         
          
           
      33,711 
         
          
           
      (29,193 
      )   
          
           
      (22,152 
      )   
          
           
      17,568 
         
          
           
      11,559 
         
          
           
      4 
          
          
           
      6 
          
 
 
      Trade name  
          
          
          
           
      2,757 
         
          
           
      2,998 
         
          
           
      (1,125 
      )   
          
           
      (402 
      )   
          
           
      1,632 
         
          
           
      2,596 
         
          
           
      3 
          
          
           
      4 
          
 
 
      Licenses and databases  
          
          
          
           
      2,560 
         
          
           
      3,306 
         
          
           
      (2,229 
      )   
          
           
      (1,305 
      )   
          
           
      331 
          
          
           
      2,001 
         
          
           
      3 
          
          
           
      3 
          
 
 
      Intangibles, net 
          
          
          
        $ 
      69,734 
         
          
        $ 
      52,530 
         
          
        $ 
      (44,492 
      )   
          
        $ 
      (34,824 
      )   
          
        $ 
      25,242 
         
          
        $ 
      17,706 
         
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
  
 Aggregate amortization expense on
intangible assets was $6.9 million, $4.8 million and $4.5 million for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Intangible
amortization expense for the next five fiscal years based upon July 31, 2014 intangible assets is expected to be as follows: 
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      
 
 
      2015  
          
          
          
        $ 
      6,491 
         
 
 
      2016  
          
          
          
           
      5,976 
         
 
 
      2017  
          
          
          
           
      5,712 
         
 
 
      2018  
          
          
          
           
      4,501 
         
 
 
      2019  
          
          
          
           
      1,087 
         
 
 
      Thereafter  
          
          
          
           
      1,475 
         
 
 
      Total future intangible amortization expense  
          
          
          
        $ 
      25,242 
         
 
  
 
 77 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 NOTE 7 — Accounts Payable and Accrued
Liabilities 
 Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities consisted of the following: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Trade accounts payable  
          
          
          
        $ 
      22,108 
         
          
        $ 
      34,488 
         
 
 
      Accounts payable to sellers  
          
          
          
           
      40,105 
         
          
           
      36,073 
         
 
 
      Buyer deposits and prepayments  
          
          
          
           
      28,117 
         
          
           
      25,384 
         
 
 
      Accrued compensation and benefits  
          
          
          
           
      25,721 
         
          
           
      21,978 
         
 
 
      Accrued insurance  
          
          
          
           
      5,703 
         
          
           
      6,048 
         
 
 
      Other accrued liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      30,402 
         
          
           
      12,677 
         
 
 
      Total accounts payable and accrued expenses  
          
          
          
        $ 
      152,156 
         
          
        $ 
      136,648 
         
 
  
 The Company is partially self-insured
for certain losses related to general liability, workers’ compensation and auto liability. Accrued insurance liability represents an estimate of
the ultimate cost of claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. The estimated liability is not discounted and is established based upon analysis of
historical data, including the severity of the Company’s frequency of claims, actuarial estimates and is reviewed periodically by management to
ensure that the liability is appropriate. 
 NOTE 8 — Long-Term Debt 
 On December 14, 2010, the Company
entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement (Credit Facility), which superseded the Company’s previously disclosed credit
agreement with Bank of America, N.A. (Bank of America). The Credit Facility is an unsecured credit agreement providing for (i) a $100.0 million
revolving credit facility, including a $100.0 million alternative currency borrowing sublimit and a $50.0 million letter of credit sublimit (Revolving
Credit) and (ii) a term loan facility of $400.0 million (Term Loan). On January 14, 2011, the full $400.0 million provided under the Term Loan was
borrowed. On September, 29, 2011, the Company amended the Credit Facility increasing the amount of the Term Loan from $400.0 million to $500.0 million.
On March 1, 2013, the Company amended the Credit Facility to increase the net leverage ratio at which restrictive spending covenants were introduced
from 1:1 to 1.5:1. 
 The Term Loan, which as of July 31,
2014, had $293.8 million outstanding, amortizes $18.8 million each quarter beginning December 31, 2011, with all outstanding borrowings due on December
14, 2015. All amounts borrowed under the Term Loan may be prepaid without premium or penalty. 
 Amounts borrowed under the Credit
Facility bear interest, subject to certain restrictions, at a fluctuating rate based on (i) the Eurocurrency Rate; (ii) the Federal Funds Rate; or
(iii) the Prime Rate as described in the Credit Facility. The Company has entered into two interest rate swaps to exchange its variable interest rate
payments commitment for fixed interest rate payments on the Term Loan balance. See  Note 9 — Derivatives and Hedging.  A default interest
rate applies on all obligations during an event of default under the credit facility at a rate per annum equal to 2.0% above the otherwise applicable
interest rate. The Company’s interest rate as of July 31, 2014 was the 0.16% Eurocurrency Rate plus the 1.5% Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate
can fluctuate between 1.5% and 2.0% depending on the Company’s consolidated net leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Facility. The Credit
Facility is guaranteed by the Company’s material domestic subsidiaries. The carrying amount of the Credit Facility is comprised of borrowings
under which interest accrues under a fluctuating interest rate structure. Accordingly, the carrying value approximated fair value as of July 31, 2014,
and was classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Amounts borrowed under the Revolving
Credit may be repaid and reborrowed until the maturity date of December 14, 2015. The Credit Facility requires the Company to pay a commitment fee on
the unused portion of the Revolving Credit. The commitment fee ranges from 0.075% to 0.125% per annum depending on the 
 
 78 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Company’s leverage ratio. The
Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit as of July 31, 2014. 
 The Credit Facility contains customary
representations and warranties and may place certain business operating restrictions on the Company relating to, among other things, indebtedness,
liens and other encumbrances, investments, mergers and acquisitions, asset sales, dividends and distributions and redemptions of capital stock. In
addition, the Credit Facility provides for the following financial covenants: (i) earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization
(EBITDA); (ii) leverage ratio; (iii) interest coverage ratio; and (iv) limitations on capital expenditures. The Credit Facility contains events of
default that include, among others, non-payment of principal, interest or fees, violation of covenants, inaccuracy of representations and warranties,
cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, material judgments, invalidity of the loan documents and events
constituting a change of control. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of July 31, 2014. 
 The Company’s Term Loan requires
quarterly payments of $18.8 million, and the Term Loan matures and all outstanding borrowings are due on December 14, 2015. As of July 31, 2014, future
payments on the Term Loan for the next two fiscal years are as follows: 
 
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      July 31, 
 
 
      2015  
          
          
          
        $ 
      75,000 
         
 
 
      2016  
          
          
          
           
      218,750 
         
 
 
      Total future Term Loan payments  
          
          
          
        $ 
      293,750 
         
 
  
 NOTE 9 — Derivatives and Hedging 
 The Company has entered into two
interest rate swaps to exchange its variable interest rate payments commitment for fixed interest rate payments on the Term Loan balance, which totaled
$293.8 million as of July 31, 2014. The first swap fixed the Company’s interest rate at 85 basis points plus the one month LIBOR rate on the first
$237.5 million of the Term Loan. The second swap fixed the Company’s interest rate at 69 basis points plus the one month LIBOR rate on the next
$56.3 million of the Term Loan. 
 The swaps are a designated effective
cash flow hedge under ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging . Each quarter, the Company measures hedge effectiveness using the “hypothetical
derivative method” and records in earnings any hedge ineffectiveness with the effective portion of the change in fair value recorded in other
comprehensive income or loss. The Company has reclassified $2.2 million and $2.5 million for the years ended July 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, out
of other comprehensive income into interest expense. 
 The notional amount of the swap
amortizes until all outstanding borrowings are due on the Term Loan on December 14, 2015. See  Note 8 — Long-Term Debt . As of July 31, 2014,
the notional amount of the interest rate swaps was equal to the Term Loan balance of $293.8 million. The notional amount of the two derivative
transactions amortizes $18.8 million per quarter through September 30, 2015 and $200.0 million on December 14, 2015. 
 The hedge provided by the swaps could
prove to be ineffective for a number of reasons, including early retirement of the Term Loan, as allowed under the Credit Facility, or in the event the
counterparty to the interest rate swaps is determined in the future to not be creditworthy. The Company has no plans for early retirement of the Term
Loan. 
 The interest rate swaps are classified
within Level II of the fair value hierarchy as the derivatives are valued using observable inputs. The Company determines fair value of the derivative
utilizing observable market data of swap rates and basis rates. These inputs are placed into a pricing model using a discounted cash flow methodology
in order to calculate the mark-to-market value of the interest rate swaps. As of July 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company’s fair value of the interest
rate swaps were $1.7 million and $2.7 million, respectively, and were classified as other liabilities in the consolidated balance
sheets. 
 
 79 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 NOTE 10 — Stockholders’ Equity 
 General 
 The Company has authorized the issuance
of 180 million shares of common stock, with a par value of $0.0001, of which 126,143,366 shares were issued and outstanding at July 31, 2014. As of
July 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had reserved 23,472,855 and 16,606,389 shares of common stock, respectively, for the issuance of options granted
under the Company’s stock option plans and 1,158,921 and 1,240,888 shares of common stock, respectively, for the issuance of shares under the
Copart, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The Company has authorized the issuance of five million shares of preferred stock, with a par value
of $0.0001, none of which were issued or outstanding at July 31, 2014 or 2013, which have the rights and preferences as the Company’s Board of
Directors shall determine, from time to time. 
 Stock
Repurchase 
 On September 22, 2011, the
Company’s board of directors approved a 40 million share increase in the Company’s stock repurchase program, bringing the total current
authorization to 98 million shares. The repurchases may be effected through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions. No time limit has been placed on the duration of the stock repurchase program. Subject to applicable securities laws, such
repurchases will be made at such times and in such amounts as the Company deems appropriate and may be discontinued at any time. The Company did not
repurchase its common stock during the twelve months ended July 31, 2014. The Company repurchased 500,000 shares of its common stock at a weighted
average price of $27.77 per share totaling $13.9 million and 8,880,708 shares of its common stock at a weighted average price of $22.51 per share
totaling $200.0 million during the twelve months ended July 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As of July 31, 2014, the total number of shares
repurchased under the program was 50,286,782 and 47,713,218 shares were available for repurchase under the program. The impact on dilutive earnings per
share of all repurchased shares on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the twelve months ended July 31, 2014, was less than
$0.01. 
 Additionally, on January 14, 2011, the
Company completed a tender offer to purchase up to 21,052,630 shares of their common stock at a price of $19.00 per share. The directors and executive
officers were expressly prohibited from participating in the tender offer by their board of directors under the Insider Trading Policy. In connection
with the tender offer, The Company accepted for purchase 24,344,176 shares of their common stock. The shares accepted for purchase were comprised of
the 21,052,630 shares they offered to purchase and an additional 3,291,546 shares purchased pursuant to their right to purchase additional shares up to
2% of the Company’s outstanding shares. The shares purchased as a result of the tender offer were not part of the repurchase program. The purchase
of the shares of common stock was funded by the proceeds from the issuance of long term debt. The dilutive earnings per share impact of all repurchased
shares on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year ended July 31, 2014 was less than $0.01. 
 In the first, second and third quarters
of fiscal year 2012 and in the second quarter of fiscal 2013, certain executive officers exercised stock options through cashless exercises. In the
first quarter of fiscal 2014, certain employees exercised stock options through cashless exercises. A portion of the options exercised were net settled
in satisfaction of the exercise price and federal and state minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. The Company remitted $0.1 million, $0.6
million and $2.6 million for years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to the proper taxing authorities in satisfaction of the
employees’ minimum statutory withholding requirements. 
 
 80 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 The exercised stock options are
summarized in the following table: 
 
 
 
      Period 
        
        
          
      Options  Exercised 
          
      Exercise  Price 
          
      Shares Net  Settled for  Exercise 
          
      Shares  Withheld  for Taxes(1) 
          
      Net  Shares to  Employee 
          
      Share  Price for  Withholding 
          
      Tax  Withholding  (in 000s) 
 
 
      FY 2012—Q1  
          
          
          
           
      40,000 
         
          
        $ 
      9.00 
         
          
           
      16,082 
         
          
           
      8,974 
         
          
           
      14,944 
         
          
        $ 
      22.39 
         
          
        $ 
      201 
          
 
 
      FY 2012—Q2  
          
          
          
           
      20,000 
         
          
           
      9.00 
         
          
           
      7,506 
         
          
           
      4,584 
         
          
           
      7,910 
         
          
           
      23.98 
         
          
           
      110 
          
 
 
      FY 2012—Q3  
          
          
          
           
      322,520 
         
          
           
      10.74 
         
          
           
      131,299 
         
          
           
      85,683 
         
          
           
      105,538 
         
          
           
      26.38 
         
          
           
      2,260 
         
 
 
      FY 2013—Q2  
          
          
          
           
      73,228 
         
          
           
      8.89 
         
          
           
      18,127 
         
          
           
      17,461 
         
          
           
      37,640 
         
          
           
      35.91 
         
          
           
      627 
          
 
 
      FY 2014—Q1  
          
          
          
           
      14,000 
         
          
           
      16.43 
         
          
           
      7,241 
         
          
           
      2,519 
         
          
           
      4,240 
         
          
           
      31.77 
         
          
           
      80 
          
 
  
 
 
 
      (1) 
        
      Shares withheld for taxes are treated as a repurchase of shares
for accounting purposes but do not count against the Company’s stock repurchase program. 
 
 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan 
 The ESPP provides for the purchase of
up to an aggregate of 5 million shares of common stock of the Company by employees pursuant to the terms of the ESPP. The Company’s ESPP was
adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by the stockholders in 1994. The ESPP was amended and restated in 2003 and again approved by the
stockholders. Under the ESPP, employees of the Company who elect to participate have the right to purchase common stock at a 15 percent discount from
the lower of the market value of the common stock at the beginning or the end of each six month offering period. The ESPP permits an enrolled employee
to make contributions to purchase shares of common stock by having withheld from their salary an amount up to 10 percent of their compensation (which
amount may be increased from time to time by the Company but may not exceed 15% of compensation). No employee may purchase more than $25,000 worth of
common stock (calculated at the time the purchase right is granted) in any calendar year. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
administers the ESPP. The number of shares of common stock issued pursuant to the ESPP during the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 81,967;
84,761; and 97,769, respectively. As of July 31, 2014, there were 3,841,079 shares of common stock issued pursuant to the ESPP and 1,158,921 shares
remain available for purchase under the ESPP. 
 Stock Options 
 In December 2007, the Company adopted
the Copart, Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan), presently covering an aggregate of 8.0 million shares of the Company’s common stock. The Plan
provides for the grant of incentive stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other equity-based awards to employees and
non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other equity-based awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants
at prices not less than 100% of the fair market value for incentive and non-qualified stock options, as determined by the Board of Directors at the
grant date. Incentive and non-qualified stock options may have terms of up to ten years and vest over periods determined by the Board of Directors.
Options generally vest ratably over a five-year period. The Plan replaced the Company’s 2001 Stock Option Plan. As of July 31, 2014, 4,390,767
shares were available for grant under the Plan. 
 In April 2009, the Compensation
Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, following stockholder approval of proposed grants at a special meeting of stockholders, approved
the grant to each Willis J. Johnson, the Company’s Chairman (and then Chief Executive Officer), and A. Jayson Adair, the Company’s Chief
Executive Officer (and then President), of nonqualified stock options to purchase 4,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise
price of $15.11 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Company’s common stock on April 14, 2009, the effective date of grant. Such
grants were made in lieu of any cash salary or bonus compensation in excess of $1.00 per year or the grant of any additional equity incentives for a
five-year period. Each option became exercisable over five years, due to continued service by the executive, with twenty percent (20%) vesting on April
14, 2010, and the balance vesting ratably over the subsequent four years. Each option became fully vested due to continued service on April 14, 2014,
the fifth anniversary of the date of grant. The total compensation expense recognized by the Company over the five 
 
 81 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 year service period was $26.1
million per grant. The Company recognized $7.2 million in compensation expense in the year ended July 31, 2014, and $10.2 million for the years ended
July 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, relating to these grants. 
 In October 2013, the Compensation
Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, following stockholder approval of proposed grants at a meeting of stockholders, approved the grant
to each of A. Jayson Adair, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, and Vincent W. Mitz, the Company’s President, of nonqualified stock
options to purchase 2,000,000 and 1,500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, respectively, at an exercise price of $35.62 per share, which
equaled the closing price of the Company’s common stock on December 16, 2013, the effective date of grant. Such grants were made in lieu of any
cash salary or bonus compensation in excess of $1.00 per year or the grant of any additional equity incentives for a five-year period. Each option will
become exercisable over five years, subject to continued service by Mr. Adair and Mr. Mitz, with twenty percent (20%) vesting on April 15, 2015 and
December 16, 2014, respectively, and the balance vesting monthly over the subsequent four years. Each option will become fully vested, assuming
continued service, on April 15, 2019 and December 16, 2018, respectively. If, prior to a change in control, either executive’s employment is
terminated without cause, then one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to that executive’s stock option will immediately vest. If, upon
or following a change in control, either the Company or a successor entity terminates the executive’s service without cause, or the executive
resigns for good reason (as defined in the option agreement), then one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to his stock option will
immediately vest. The fair value of each option at the date of grant was $11.43. The total estimated compensation expense to be recognized by the
Company over the five year estimated service period for these options is $40.0 million. The Company recognized $4.7 million in compensation expenses
for these grants in the year ended July 31, 2014. 
 The following table details stock-based
payment compensation expense included in the company’s consolidated statements of income: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year Ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      General and administrative  
          
          
          
        $ 
      19,489 
         
          
        $ 
      17,238 
         
          
        $ 
      18,802 
         
 
 
      Yard operations  
          
          
          
           
      2,610 
         
          
           
      2,319 
         
          
           
      2,989 
         
 
 
      Total stock-based payment compensation  
          
          
          
        $ 
      22,099 
         
          
        $ 
      19,557 
         
          
        $ 
      21,791 
         
 
  
 There were no material compensation
costs capitalized as part of the cost of an asset as of July 31, 2014 and 2013. 
 A summary of the status of the
Company’s non-vested shares and its activity during the year ended July 31, 2014 was as follows: 
 
 
 
      (In thousands, except share amounts) 
        
        
          
      Number of  Shares 
          
      Weighted  Average Grant-  date Fair Value 
 
 
      Non-vested shares at July 31, 2013  
          
          
          
           
      3,396 
         
          
        $ 
      6.55 
         
 
 
      Grants of non-vested shares  
          
          
          
           
      4,986 
         
          
           
      11.10 
         
 
 
      Vested  
          
          
          
           
      (2,186 
      )   
          
           
      6.78 
         
 
 
      Forfeitures or expirations  
          
          
          
           
      (275 
      )   
          
           
      7.05 
         
 
 
      Non-vested shares at July 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      5,921 
         
          
        $ 
      10.39 
         
 
  
 
 82 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Stock option activity for the year
ended July 31, 2014 was as follows: 
 
 
 
      (In thousands, except per share and term data) 
        
        
          
      Shares 
          
      Weighted  Average  Exercise Price 
          
      Weighted Average  Remaining  Contractual Term 
(In years) 
          
      Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value 
 
 
      Outstanding as of July 31, 2013  
          
          
          
           
      14,922 
         
          
        $ 
      16.75 
         
          
           
      5.91 
         
          
        $ 
      235,086 
         
 
 
      Grants of options  
          
          
          
           
      4,986 
         
          
           
      35.75 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Exercises  
          
          
          
           
      (551 
      )   
          
           
      17.10 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Forfeitures or expirations  
          
          
          
           
      (275 
      )   
          
           
      21.73 
         
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Outstanding as of July 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      19,082 
         
          
        $ 
      21.64 
         
          
           
      6.01 
         
          
        $ 
      235,734 
         
 
 
      Exercisable as of July 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      13,161 
         
          
        $ 
      16.33 
         
          
           
      4.67 
         
          
        $ 
      224,434 
         
 
 
      Vested and expected to vest as of July 31, 2014  
          
          
          
           
      18,522 
         
          
        $ 
      21.58 
         
          
           
      6.10 
         
          
        $ 
      218,576 
         
 
  
 As required by ASC 718 , Compensation
— Stock Compensation , the Company made an estimate of expected forfeitures and recognized compensation cost only for those equity awards
expected to vest. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the
table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of
the year ended July 31, 2014 and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all option
holders exercised their options on July 31, 2014. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was $10.5 million, $25.4 million and $16.6 million
in the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and represents the difference between the exercise price of the option and the estimated
fair value of the Company’s common stock on the dates exercised. As of July 31, 2014, the total compensation cost related to non-vested
stock-based payment awards granted to employees under the Company’s stock option plans but not yet recognized was $52.3 million, net of estimated
forfeitures. This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average remaining term of 1.62 years and will be adjusted for
subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. The fair value of options vested for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $15.0 million, $22.9
million and $20.9 million, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes stock
options outstanding and exercisable as of July 31, 2014: 
 
 
 
      (In thousands, except per share amount) 
        
        
          
      Options Outstanding 
          
      Options Exercisable 
          
 
 
      Range of Exercise Prices 
        
        
          
      Number 
          
      Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual 
Life 
          
      Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price 
          
      Number 
          
      Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price 
 
 
      $9.29–$14.88  
          
          
          
           
      550 
          
          
           
      2.32 
         
          
        $ 
      12.63 
         
          
           
      550 
          
          
        $ 
      12.63 
         
 
 
      $15.11–$15.11  
          
          
          
           
      8,000 
         
          
           
      4.70 
         
          
           
      15.11 
         
          
           
      8,000 
         
          
           
      15.11 
         
 
 
      $16.38–$22.47  
          
          
          
           
      4,882 
         
          
           
      4.89 
         
          
           
      18.46 
         
          
           
      4,209 
         
          
           
      18.24 
         
 
 
      $22.47–36.82  
          
          
          
           
      5,650 
         
          
           
      9.20 
         
          
           
      34.52 
         
          
           
      402 
          
          
           
      25.69 
         
 
 
        
          
          
          
           
      19,082 
         
          
           
      6.01 
         
          
        $ 
      21.64 
         
          
           
      13,161 
         
          
        $ 
      16.33 
         
 
  
 
 83 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 NOTE 11 — Income Taxes 
 Income before taxes consisted of the
following: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      U.S  
          
          
          
        $ 
      218,450 
         
          
        $ 
      236,118 
         
          
        $ 
      237,596 
         
 
 
      Non-U.S  
          
          
          
           
      51,585 
         
          
           
      40,754 
         
          
           
      40,460 
         
 
 
      Total income before taxes  
          
          
          
        $ 
      270,035 
         
          
        $ 
      276,872 
         
          
        $ 
      278,056 
         
 
  
 Income tax expense (benefit) from
continuing operations consisted of the following: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Federal: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Current  
          
          
          
        $ 
      90,207 
         
          
        $ 
      87,484 
         
          
        $ 
      102,152 
         
 
 
      Deferred  
          
          
          
           
      (9,589 
      )   
          
           
      (1,073 
      )   
          
           
      (14,557 
      )   
 
 
        
          
          
          
           
      80,618 
         
          
           
      86,411 
         
          
           
      87,595 
         
 
 
      State: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Current  
          
          
          
           
      1,912 
         
          
           
      3,871 
         
          
           
      3,332 
         
 
 
      Deferred  
          
          
          
           
      (279 
      )   
          
           
      66 
          
          
           
      (461 
      )   
 
 
        
          
          
          
           
      1,633 
         
          
           
      3,937 
         
          
           
      2,871 
         
 
 
      Foreign: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Current  
          
          
          
           
      10,077 
         
          
           
      9,090 
         
          
           
      8,460 
         
 
 
      Deferred  
          
          
          
           
      (980 
      )   
          
           
      (2,591 
      )   
          
           
      (2,989 
      )   
 
 
        
          
          
          
           
      9,097 
         
          
           
      6,499 
         
          
           
      5,471 
         
 
 
      Income tax expense  
          
          
          
        $ 
      91,348 
         
          
        $ 
      96,847 
         
          
        $ 
      95,937 
         
 
  
 A reconciliation of the expected U.S.
statutory tax rate to the actual effective income tax rate is as follows: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Federal statutory rate  
          
          
          
           
      35.0 
      %   
          
           
      35.0 
      %   
          
           
      35.0 
      %   
 
 
      State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit  
          
          
          
           
      1.1 
         
          
           
      1.1 
         
          
           
      1.2 
         
 
 
      Foreign rate differential  
          
          
          
           
      (2.1 
      )   
          
           
      (1.8 
      )   
          
           
      (1.9 
      )   
 
 
      Compensation and fringe benefits  
          
          
          
           
      0.1 
         
          
           
      0.1 
         
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Other differences  
          
          
          
           
      (0.3 
      )   
          
           
      0.6 
         
          
           
      0.2 
         
 
 
      Effective tax rate  
          
          
          
           
      33.8 
      %   
          
           
      35.0 
      %   
          
           
      34.5 
      %   
 
  
 
 84 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 The tax effects of temporary
differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) are presented below: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Deferred tax assets: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Allowance for doubtful accounts  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1,209 
         
          
        $ 
      1,109 
         
 
 
      Accrued compensation and benefits  
          
          
          
           
      36,780 
         
          
           
      29,909 
         
 
 
      State taxes  
          
          
          
           
      416 
          
          
           
      438 
          
 
 
      Accrued other  
          
          
          
           
      2,962 
         
          
           
      3,376 
         
 
 
      Deferred revenue  
          
          
          
           
      1,301 
         
          
           
      675 
          
 
 
      Property and equipment  
          
          
          
           
      18,627 
         
          
           
      11,651 
         
 
 
      Losses carried forward  
          
          
          
           
      4,312 
         
          
           
      4,494 
         
 
 
      Federal tax benefit  
          
          
          
           
      10,457 
         
          
           
      7,897 
         
 
 
      Total gross deferred tax assets  
          
          
          
           
      76,064 
         
          
           
      59,549 
         
 
 
      Less valuation allowance  
          
          
          
           
      (2,210 
      )   
          
           
      (1,597 
      )   
 
 
      Net deferred tax assets  
          
          
          
           
      73,854 
         
          
           
      57,952 
         
 
 
      Deferred tax liabilities: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Vehicle pooling costs  
          
          
          
           
      (7,420 
      )   
          
           
      (6,814 
      )   
 
 
      Prepaid insurance  
          
          
          
           
      (1,950 
      )   
          
           
      (1,039 
      )   
 
 
      Intangibles and goodwill  
          
          
          
           
      (33,332 
      )   
          
           
      (25,757 
      )   
 
 
      Workers’ compensation  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (81 
      )   
 
 
      Total gross deferred tax liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      (42,702 
      )   
          
           
      (33,691 
      )   
 
 
      Net deferred tax assets  
          
          
          
        $ 
      31,152 
         
          
        $ 
      24,261 
         
 
  
 The above net deferred tax assets and
liabilities have been reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      North America current assets  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1,803 
         
          
        $ 
      2,216 
         
 
 
      North America non-current assets  
          
          
          
           
      36,639 
         
          
           
      29,928 
         
 
 
      Foreign non-current liabilities  
          
          
          
           
      (7,290 
      )   
          
           
      (7,883 
      )   
 
 
      Net deferred tax assets  
          
          
          
        $ 
      31,152 
         
          
        $ 
      24,261 
         
 
  
 The Company’s ability to realize
deferred tax assets is dependent on its ability to generate future taxable income. Accordingly, the Company has established a valuation allowance in
taxable jurisdictions where the utilization of the tax assets is uncertain. Additional timing differences or future tax losses may occur which could
warrant a need for establishing additional valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance for the years ended July
31, 2014 and 2013 was $2.2 million and $1.6 million, respectively. 
 As of July 31, 2014 and 2013, if
recognized, the portion of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits that would favorably affect the Company’s effective tax rate was $18.4
million and $17.2 million, respectively. It is possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months, due to tax
legislation updates or future audit outcomes; however an estimate of the range of the possible change cannot be made at this time. 
 
 85 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 The following table summarizes the
activities related to the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Beginning balance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      17,178 
         
          
        $ 
      16,946 
         
          
        $ 
      18,794 
         
 
 
      Increases related to current year tax position  
          
          
          
           
      1,805 
         
          
           
      1,844 
         
          
           
      2,036 
         
 
 
      Prior year tax positions: 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Prior year increase  
          
          
          
           
      2,997 
         
          
           
      1,474 
         
          
           
      618 
          
 
 
      Prior year decrease  
          
          
          
           
      (523 
      )   
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (952 
      )   
 
 
      Cash settlement  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      (452 
      )   
 
 
      Lapse of statute of limitations  
          
          
          
           
      (3,038 
      )   
          
           
      (3,086 
      )   
          
           
      (3,098 
      )   
 
 
      Ending balance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      18,419 
         
          
        $ 
      17,178 
         
          
        $ 
      16,946 
         
 
  
 It is the Company’s continuing
practice to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company had
accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of $5.4 million, $5.9 million and $5.6 million, respectively. 
 The Company is currently under audit by
the states of New York, South Carolina, and Minnesota from fiscal years 2008 to 2013. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state income
tax examination for fiscal years prior to 2011, excepting the jurisdictions currently under audit. At this time, the Company does not believe that the
outcome of any examination will have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations and financial
position. 
 In the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013
and 2012, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $2.5 million, $6.1 million and $4.4 million, respectively, upon the exercise of certain stock
options, which was reflected in stockholders’ equity. 
 The Company has not provided for U.S.
federal income and foreign withholding taxes on its $114.0 million foreign subsidiaries’ undistributed earnings as of July 31, 2014, because the
Company intends to reinvest such earnings indefinitely in the operations and potential acquisitions related to its foreign operations. Upon
distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to U.S. income taxes (subject to an adjustment for
foreign tax credits). It is not practical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these earnings were to be
distributed. 
 NOTE 12 — Net Income Per Share 
 The table below reconciles basic
weighted shares outstanding to diluted weighted average shares outstanding: 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      Weighted average common shares outstanding  
          
          
          
           
      125,693 
         
          
           
      124,912 
         
          
           
      128,120 
         
 
 
      Effect of dilutive securities — stock options  
          
          
          
           
      5,537 
         
          
           
      4,869 
         
          
           
      3,308 
         
 
 
      Weighted average common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding  
          
          
          
           
      131,230 
         
          
           
      129,781 
         
          
           
      131,428 
         
 
  
 There were no material adjustments to
net income required in calculating diluted net income per share. Excluded from the dilutive earnings per share calculation were 3,684,735; 298,408; and
2,208,047 options to purchase the Company’s common stock for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, because their inclusion
would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 86 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 NOTE 13 — Segments and Other Geographic
Reporting 
 The Company’s North American and
U.K. regions are considered two separate operating segments, which have been aggregated into one reportable segment because they share similar economic
characteristics. 
 Total revenues by geographic location
of the selling facility are summarized in the following table: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      North America  
          
          
          
        $ 
      904,000 
         
          
        $ 
      826,030 
         
          
        $ 
      731,495 
         
 
 
      United Kingdom  
          
          
          
           
      235,245 
         
          
           
      209,186 
         
          
           
      192,696 
         
 
 
      Other  
          
          
          
           
      24,244 
         
          
           
      11,170 
         
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Total revenue  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1,163,489 
         
          
        $ 
      1,046,386 
         
          
        $ 
      924,191 
         
 
 
      International total  
          
          
          
        $ 
      269,915 
         
          
        $ 
      228,945 
         
          
        $ 
      199,322 
         
 
  
 Long-lived assets by geographic
location are summarized in the following table: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      North America  
          
          
          
        $ 
      551,182 
         
          
        $ 
      565,590 
         
          
        $ 
      514,527 
         
 
 
      United Kingdom  
          
          
          
           
      139,845 
         
          
           
      102,934 
         
          
           
      91,543 
         
 
 
      Other  
          
          
          
           
      57,743 
         
          
           
      44,219 
         
          
           
      — 
          
 
 
      Total long-lived assets  
          
          
          
        $ 
      748,770 
         
          
        $ 
      712,743 
         
          
        $ 
      606,070 
         
 
 
      International total  
          
          
          
        $ 
      204,076 
         
          
        $ 
      151,179 
         
          
        $ 
      95,704 
         
 
  
 NOTE 14 — Commitments and
Contingencies 
 Leases 
 The Company leases certain facilities
and certain equipment under non-cancelable capital and operating leases. In addition to the minimum future lease commitments presented below, the
leases generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance, maintenance and repair cost which are not included in the table because the
Company has determined these items are not material. Certain leases provide the Company with either a right of first refusal to acquire or an option to
purchase a facility at fair value. Certain leases also contain escalation clauses and renewal option clauses calling for increased rents. Where a lease
contains an escalation clause or a concession, such as a rent holiday or tenant improvement allowance, rent expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term in accordance with ASC 840,  Operating Leases. 
 The future minimum lease commitments
for the next five fiscal years, under non-cancelable capital and operating leases with initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year were as
follows: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2015 
          
      2016 
          
      2017 
          
      2018 
          
      2019 
          
      Thereafter 
          
      Subtotal 
          
      Less  Amount  Representing  Interest 
          
      Total 
 
 
      Operating leases  
          
          
          
        $ 
      23,357 
         
          
        $ 
      20,718 
         
          
        $ 
      18,334 
         
          
        $ 
      16,050 
         
          
        $ 
      12,685 
         
          
        $ 
      76,190 
         
          
        $ 
      167,334 
         
          
        $ 
      — 
          
          
        $ 
      167,334 
         
 
 
      Capital leases  
          
          
          
           
      1,407 
         
          
           
      1,312 
         
          
           
      37 
          
          
           
      3 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      2,759 
         
          
           
      (92 
      )   
          
           
      2,667 
         
 
  
 Facilities rental expense for the years
ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $26.4 million, $20.6 million and $16.2 million, respectively. Yard operations equipment rental expense for the
years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $3.0 million, $2.8 million and $2.7 million, respectively. 
 
 87 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 Commitments 
 Letters of
Credit 
 The Company had outstanding letters of
credit of $17.4 million at July 31, 2014, which are primarily used to secure certain insurance obligations. 
 Contingencies 
 Legal
Proceedings 
 The Company is subject to threats of
litigation and is involved in actual litigation and damage claims arising in the ordinary course of business, such as actions related to injuries,
property damage, and handling or disposal of vehicles. The material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party to, or of which any of
the Company’s property is subject to include the following matters. 
 On November 1, 2013, the Company filed
suit against Sparta Consulting, Inc. (now know as “KPIT”) in the 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County, Texas, alleging fraud,
fraudulent inducement, and/or promissory fraud, negligent misrepresentation, unfair business practices pursuant to California Business and Professions
Code § 17200, breach of contract, declaratory judgment, and attorney’s fees. The Company seeks compensatory and exemplary damages,
disgorgement of amounts paid, attorney’s fees, pre- and post-judgment interest, costs of suit, and a judicial declaration of the parties’
rights, duties, and obligations under the Implementation Services Agreement dated October 6, 2011. The suit arises out of the Company’s September
17, 2013 decision to terminate the Implementation Services Agreement, under which KPIT was to design, implement, and deliver a customized replacement
enterprise resource planning system for the Company. On January 2, 2014, KPIT removed this suit to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Texas. On August 11, 2014, the Northern District of Texas transferred the suit to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of California for convenience. On January 8, 2014, KPIT filed suit against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
California, alleging breach of contract, promissory estoppel, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, account stated, quantum
meruit, unjust enrichment, and declaratory relief. KPIT seeks compensatory and exemplary damages, prejudgment interest, costs of suit, and a judicial
declaration of the parties’ rights, duties, and obligations under the Implementation Services Agreement. The Company is zealously pursuing its
claim for damages, and vigorously defending KPIT’s claim for damages. 
 In connection with its response to
Hurricane Sandy, the Company entered into various short-term lease/license agreements with certain land owners in New York and New Jersey to marshal
and store storm damaged vehicles until they were sold. In November and December 2012, various actions were commenced against the Company and land
owners. In New York, actions were brought by the Town of Southampton, the County of Suffolk, the Town of Brookhaven, and the New York State Department
of Environmental Conservation (the DEC), seeking declaratory and injunctive relief as well as civil penalties, in connection with alleged violations of
local zoning, land use and environmental regulations. The claims by the various plaintiffs have been mitigated with the removal of vehicles from the
various short-term storage locations in New York. The claims brought by the DEC have all been resolved through entering into consent orders, which
included administrative payments in amounts that are not material to the Company, and restoration of premises, which the Company is undertaking. The
Company is defending the remaining New York claim and believes it has bona fide legal defenses. 
 The Company provides for costs relating
to these matters when a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The effect of the outcome of these matters on the Company’s
future consolidated results of operations and cash flows cannot be predicted because any such effect depends on future results of operations and the
amount and timing of the resolution of such matters. The Company believes that any ultimate liability will not have a material effect on its
consolidated results of operations, financial position or 
 
 88 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 cash flows. However, the amount of
the liabilities associated with these claims, if any, cannot be determined with certainty. The Company maintains insurance which may or may not provide
coverage for claims made against the Company. There is no assurance that there will be insurance coverage available when and if needed. Additionally,
the insurance that the Company carries requires that the Company pay for costs and/or claims exposure up to the amount of the insurance deductibles
negotiated when the insurance is purchased. 
 Governmental
Proceedings 
 The Georgia Department of Revenue, or
DOR, conducted a sales and use tax audit of the Company’s operations in Georgia for the period from January 1, 2007 through June 30, 2011. As a
result of the audit, the DOR issued a notice of proposed assessment for uncollected sales taxes in which it asserted that the Company failed to remit
sales taxes totaling $73.8 million, including penalties and interest. In issuing the notice of proposed assessment, the DOR stated its policy position
that sales for resale to non-U.S. registered resellers are subject to Georgia sales and use tax. 
 The Company has engaged a Georgia law
firm and outside tax advisors to review the conduct of its business operations in Georgia, the notice of assessment, and the DOR’s policy
position. In particular, the Company’s outside legal counsel has provided the Company an opinion that its sales for resale to non-U.S. registered
resellers should not be subject to Georgia sales and use tax. In rendering its opinion, the Company’s counsel noted that non-U.S. registered
resellers are unable to comply strictly with technical requirements for a Georgia certificate of exemption but concluded that its sales for resale to
non-U.S. registered resellers should not be subject to Georgia sales and use tax notwithstanding this technical inability to comply. 
 Based on the opinion from the
Company’s outside law firm and advice from outside tax advisors, the Company has adequately provided for the payment of a possible assessment in
its consolidated financial statements. The Company believes it has strong defenses to the DOR’s notice of proposed assessment and intends to
defend this matter. The Company has filed a request for protest or administrative appeal with the State of Georgia. There can be no assurance that this
matter will be resolved in the Company’s favor or that the Company will not ultimately be required to make a substantial payment to the Georgia
DOR. The Company understands that Georgia law and DOR regulations are ambiguous on many of the points at issue in the audit, and litigating and
defending the matter in Georgia could be expensive and time-consuming and result in substantial management distraction. If the matter were to be
resolved in a manner adverse to the Company, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations,
financial position, and cash flows. 
 NOTE 15 — Guarantees — Indemnifications to Officers
and Directors 
 The Company has entered into an updated
form of indemnification agreement, which was approved in January 2012. The indemnification agreement to our directors and certain of our officers is to
indemnify them to the extent permitted by law against any and all liabilities, costs, expenses, amounts paid in settlement and damages incurred by the
directors as a result of any lawsuit, or any judicial, administrative or investigative proceeding in which the directors are sued as a result of their
service as members of its Board of Directors. The form was intended to update the current form for our reincorporation into Delaware and general
developments in corporate law since the adoption of our original form of indemnification agreement and was done as part of our ordinary course of
corporate governance matters. 
 NOTE 16 — Related Party Transactions 
 The Company leases certain of its
facilities from officers and directors of the Company under various lease agreements. Rental payments under these leases totaled $1.4 million and $0.4
million for the years ended July 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Rental payments to related parties were insignificant for the year ended July 31,
2012. 
 
 89 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 During the year ended July 31, 2012,
the Company purchased three houses from executives who relocated to the corporate headquarters in Dallas, Texas. During the year ended July 31, 2013,
the Company purchased one commercial property from an executive who relocated to the corporate headquarters in Dallas, Texas. During the year ended
July 31, 2014, the Company purchased a property previously leased from an executive. As of July 31, 2014, one property purchased from an executive
remained unsold and is reported in assets held for sale. 
 On June 28, 2012, the Company entered
into an agreement with Willis J. Johnson, the Company’s Chairman of the Board and a member of the Board of Directors, pursuant to which the
Company acquired 2.8 million shares of its common stock at a price of $23.22 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of $65.0 million. The settlement
date for the acquisition of the common stock was on or about June 28, 2012, and the purchase was made pursuant to the Company’s existing stock
repurchase program. The per share purchase price for the common stock to be acquired was based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock
on June 28, 2012 (as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market). The repurchase was approved by the independent members of the Board of Directors and the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 On September 27, 2012, the Company
entered into an agreement with Thomas W. Smith, the Company’s former member of the Board of Directors, pursuant to which the Company acquired 0.5
million shares of its common stock at a price of $27.77 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of $13.9 million. The settlement date for the
acquisition of the common stock was on or about September 27, 2012, and the purchase was made pursuant to the Company’s existing stock repurchase
program. The per share purchase price for the common stock to be acquired was based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on
September 27, 2012 (as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market). The repurchase was approved by the independent members of the Board of Directors and the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 There were no amounts due to or from
related parties as of July 31, 2014 and 2013 that are not separately or previously disclosed. 
 NOTE 17 — Employee Benefit Plan 
 The Company sponsors a 401(k) defined
contribution plan covering its eligible employees. The plan is available to all U.S. employees who meet minimum age and service requirements and
provides employees with tax deferred salary deductions and alternative investment options. The Company matches 20% of employee contributions up to 15%
of employee salary deferral. The Company recognized expenses of $0.8 million, $0.5 million and $0.5 million for the years ended July 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively, related to this plan. 
 The Company also sponsors an additional
defined contribution plan for its U.K. employees, which is available to all U.K. employees who meet minimum service requirements. The Company matches
up to 5% of employee contributions. The Company recognized expenses of $0.6 million, $0.2 million, and $0.2 million for the years ended July 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively, related to this plan. 
 
 90 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 NOTE 18 — Restructuring 
 The Company relocated its corporate
headquarters to Dallas, Texas in 2012. Restructuring costs were as follows: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
          
      2012 
 
 
      General and Administrative 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Severance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      4,598 
         
          
        $ 
      978 
          
          
        $ 
      1,675 
         
 
 
      Relocation  
          
          
          
           
      491 
          
          
           
      759 
          
          
           
      534 
          
 
 
      Total general and administrative  
          
          
          
        $ 
      5,089 
         
          
        $ 
      1,737 
         
          
        $ 
      2,209 
         
 
 
      Yard Operations 
          
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
          
           
        
          
 
 
      Relocation  
          
          
          
        $ 
      (28 
      )   
          
        $ 
      189 
          
          
        $ 
      745 
          
 
 
      Impairment  
          
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      — 
          
          
           
      1,123 
         
 
 
      Total yard operations  
          
          
          
        $ 
      (28 
      )   
          
        $ 
      189 
          
          
        $ 
      1,868 
         
 
  
 Severance for the year ended July 31,
2014 included a benefit for the reversal of previously accrued costs as a result of adjusting the severance accrual based upon the Company’s
reassessment of its strategy of utilizing a third-party enterprise operating system. See  Capitalized Software Costs  in  Note 1 — Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 The movements in the severance accrual
were as follows: 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Year ended July 31, 
          
 
 
      (In thousands) 
        
        
          
      2014 
          
      2013 
 
 
      Beginning balance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      2,224 
         
          
        $ 
      1,800 
         
 
 
      Expense  
          
          
          
           
      4,598 
         
          
           
      978 
          
 
 
      Payments  
          
          
          
           
      (4,924 
      )   
          
           
      (554 
      )   
 
 
      Ending balance  
          
          
          
        $ 
      1,898 
         
          
        $ 
      2,224 
         
 
  
 The Company started transitioning its
data center to a third-party managed data center during the year ended July 31, 2013. The Company reviewed the useful life of certain assets related to
its data centers and determined they should be revised from an average of 60 months to an average of 45 months to reflect the shorter useful lives of
these assets. Additionally, facility depreciation related to the Company’s information technology operations, previously located in the
Company’s offices in Fairfield, California, was accelerated as the department relocated to the Dallas, Texas corporate headquarters. These changes
in estimates were accounted for on a prospective basis, resulting in increased depreciation expense over the revised useful lives. These changes
resulted in additional depreciation expense of $2.8 million and $7.0 million for the years ended July 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
 NOTE 19 — Quarterly Financial Information (in thousands,
except per share data) (Unaudited) (1) 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Fiscal quarter 
          
 
 
      Fiscal year 2014 
        
        
          
      First 
          
      Second 
          
      Third 
          
      Fourth 
 
 
      Total revenue  
          
          
          
        $ 
      279,883 
         
          
        $ 
      286,434 
         
          
        $ 
      309,722 
         
          
        $ 
      287,450 
         
 
 
      Operating income  
          
          
          
           
      64,959 
         
          
           
      71,484 
         
          
           
      62,633 
         
          
           
      75,858 
         
 
 
      Gross Margin  
          
          
          
           
      107,836 
         
          
           
      111,546 
         
          
           
      132,252 
         
          
           
      116,939 
         
 
 
      Income before income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      64,245 
         
          
           
      70,588 
         
          
           
      61,318 
         
          
           
      73,884 
         
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
           
      41,422 
         
          
           
      45,345 
         
          
           
      40,877 
         
          
           
      51,043 
         
 
 
      Basic net income per share  
          
          
          
        $ 
      0.33 
         
          
        $ 
      0.36 
         
          
        $ 
      0.32 
         
          
        $ 
      0.41 
         
 
 
      Diluted net income per share  
          
          
          
        $ 
      0.32 
         
          
        $ 
      0.35 
         
          
        $ 
      0.31 
         
          
        $ 
      0.39 
         
 
  
 
 91 
 
 
 
 
 
 COPART, INC.      NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) JULY 31, 2014 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      Fiscal quarter 
          
 
 
      Fiscal year 2013 
        
        
          
      First 
          
      Second 
          
      Third 
          
      Fourth 
 
 
      Total revenue  
          
          
          
        $ 
      238,866 
         
          
        $ 
      266,185 
         
          
        $ 
      277,638 
         
          
        $ 
      263,697 
         
 
 
      Operating income  
          
          
          
           
      74,357 
         
          
           
      62,770 
         
          
           
      82,813 
         
          
           
      63,052 
         
 
 
      Gross Margin  
          
          
          
           
      105,436 
         
          
           
      96,817 
         
          
           
      115,597 
         
          
           
      103,072 
         
 
 
      Income before income taxes  
          
          
          
           
      71,588 
         
          
           
      61,117 
         
          
           
      82,005 
         
          
           
      62,162 
         
 
 
      Net income  
          
          
          
           
      45,845 
         
          
           
      39,640 
         
          
           
      53,236 
         
          
           
      41,304 
         
 
 
      Basic net income per share  
          
          
          
        $ 
      0.37 
         
          
        $ 
      0.32 
         
          
        $ 
      0.42 
         
          
        $ 
      0.33 
         
 
 
      Diluted net income per share  
          
          
          
        $ 
      0.36 
         
          
        $ 
      0.31 
         
          
        $ 
      0.41 
         
          
        $ 
      0.32 
         
 
  
 
 
 
      (1) 
        
      Earnings per share were computed independently for each of the
periods presented; therefore, the sum of the earnings per share amounts for the quarters may not equal the total for the year. 
 
 
 
 
 92 
 
 
 

 


 
 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following Exhibits are filed as
part of, or incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      
          
      Incorporated by reference herein 
          
 
 
      Exhibit  Number 
      
      
         
      Description 
         
      Form 
         
      Date 
 
 
      3.1 
          
          
          
      Copart, Inc. Certificate of Incorporation 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K, (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 3.1 
          
      January 10, 2012 
 
 
      3.2 
          
          
          
      Bylaws of Copart, Inc. 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K, (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 3.2 
          
      January 10, 2012 
 
 
      4.1 
          
          
          
      Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2003,between Copart and Equiserve Trust Company N.A., including the
Certificate of Determination, the form of Rights Certificate and the Summary of Rights attached thereto as Exhibits A, B and C,
respectively 
          
      8/A-12/G (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 4.1 
          
      March 11, 2003 
 
 
      4.2 
          
          
          
      Amendment to Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, as of March 14, 2006, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
(formerly Equiserve Trust Company, N.A.) 
          
      8/A-12G/A (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit 4.2 
          
      March 15, 2006 
 
 
      4.3 
          
          
          
      Amendment to Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, as of January 10, 2013, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
(formerly Equiserve Trust Company, N.A.) 
          
      8/A-12G/A (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit 4.3 
          
      January 10, 2012 
 
 
      10.1 
      * 
          
          
      Copart Inc. 2001 Stock Option Plan 
          
      Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-90612), Exhibit No. 4.1 
          
      June 17, 2002 
 
 
      10.2 
      * 
          
          
      Copart Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (2007 EIP) 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.1 
          
      December 16, 2013 
 
 
      10.3 
      * 
          
          
      Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for use with 2007 EIP 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.1 
          
      December 12, 2007 
 
 
      10.4 
      * 
          
          
      Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for use with 2007 EIP 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.3 
          
      December 12, 2007 
 
 
      10.5 
      * 
          
          
      Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for use with 2007 EIP 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.5 
          
      December 12, 2007 
 
 
      10.6 
      * 
          
          
      Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for use with 2007 EIP 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.4 
          
      December 12, 2007 
 
 
      10.7 
      * 
          
          
      Credit Agreement dated as of December 14, 2010 by and between the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.1 
          
      December 15, 2010 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      
          
      Incorporated by reference herein 
          
 
      Exhibit  Number 
      
      
         
      Description 
         
      Form 
         
      Date 
 
      10.8 
      * 
          
          
      Amendment to Credit Agreement between the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A., dated as of September 29,
2011 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.13b 
          
      October 4, 2011 
 
 
      10.9 
      * 
          
          
      Copart, Inc. Executive Bonus Plan 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.13 
          
      August 3, 2006 
 
 
      10.10 
      * 
          
          
      Amended and Restated Executive Officer Employment Agreement between the Registrant and William E. Franklin, dated September 25,
2008 
          
      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.1 
          
      December 10, 2008 
 
 
      10.11 
      * 
          
          
      Form of Copart, Inc. Stand-Alone Stock Option Award Agreement for grant of options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of the
Registrant’s common stock to each of Willis J. Johnson and A. Jayson Adair 
          
      Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-159946), Exhibit No. 4.1 
          
      June 12, 2009 
 
 
      10.12 
      * 
          
          
      Amendment dated June 9, 2010 to Option Agreements dated June 6, 2001, October 21, 2002 and August 19, 2003 between the Registrant and
Willis J. Johnson 
          
      Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10-17 
          
      September 23, 2010 
 
 
      10.13 
          
          
          
      Executive Officer Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Thomas Wylie, dated September 25, 2008 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.2 
          
      December 15, 2010 
 
 
      10.14 
          
          
          
      Executive Officer Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Vincent Philips, dated April 12, 2010 
          
      Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.4 
          
      December 15, 2010 
 
 
      10.15 
          
          
          
      Standard Industrial/Commercial single tenant lease-net dated January 3, 2011 between Partnership Health Plan of California and the
Registrant 
          
      Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.21 
          
      September 23, 2011 
 
 
      10.16 
      * 
          
          
      Form of Indemnification Agreement signed by executive officers and directors 
          
      Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.17 
          
      October 1, 2012 
 
 
      10.17 
          
          
          
      Standard Industrial/Commercial single tenant lease-net dated February 3, 2013 between Garden Centura, L.P. and the
Registrant 
          
      Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.18 
          
      October 1, 2012 
 
 
      10.18 
          
          
          
      Executive Officer Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John Lindle, dated June 1, 2013 
          
      Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-23255), Exhibit No. 10.18 
          
      September 30, 2013 
 
 
      14.01 
          
          
          
      Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers 
          
      Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-23254), Exhibit No. 14-01 
          
      October 17, 2003 
 
 
      21.1 
          
          
          
      List of subsidiaries of Registrant 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
      23.1 
          
          
          
      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
      24.1 
          
          
          
      Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
      31.1 
          
          
          
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
        
        
          
      
          
      Incorporated by reference herein 
          
 
      Exhibit  Number 
      
      
         
      Description 
         
      Form 
         
      Date 
 
      31.2 
          
          
          
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
      32.1 
      (1) 
          
          
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
      32.2 
      (1) 
          
          
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
          
      — 
          
      Filed herewith 
 
 
      101.INS 
          
          
          
      XBRL Instance Document 
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      101.SCH 
          
          
          
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      101.CAL 
          
          
          
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      101.DEF 
          
          
          
      XBRL Extension Definition 
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      101.LAB 
          
          
          
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
      101.PRE 
          
          
          
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
          
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
         (1) 
          
          
          
      In
accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management’s Reports on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and
32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such
certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
  
 
 
 
      * 
        
      Management contract, plan or arrangement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
